thirdagehealth.co.nz




ANNUAL
REPORT
2022
Our goal
To be the healthcare
provider of choice for older
adults living in a range of
settings throughout New
Zealand.




            Care | Trust | Kindness
Contents

Our business snapshot                               03
Our opportunity                                     04
FY22 Highlights at a glance                         05
FY22 Financial summary                              06
Chair report                                        07
CEO review                                          10
FY22 Highlights and key events                      15
Our team our Board                                  19
Directors' responsibility statement                 21
Consolidated financial statements
   Consolidated statement of comprehensive income   22
   Consolidated statement of changes in equity      23
   Consolidated statement of financial position     24
   Consolidated statement of cash flows             25
   Notes to the consolidated financial statements   26
Independent auditor's report                        55
Statement of corporate governance                   59
Shareholder and statutory information               70
Corporate directory                                 75
 OUR BUSINESS
 Third Age Health currently provides healthcare services for older adults living in
 aged residential care (ARC) facilities, care home hospital wings and dementia units.
 In addition we provide primary healthcare for people of all ages via a group of
 boutique community general practices in key locations.



                                                  We have national reach and currently
                                                 provide services to over 50 ARC facilities
                                                throughout the country, including some of
Our specialised team of around 30 Nurse             the largest aged care providers in
 Practitioners and General Practitioners                      New Zealand.
 work in partnership with ARC providers
          and their care teams.




  Our dedicated clinical teams provide
 onsite clinics, rostered rounds and after
hours on-call medical care for residents of
             our ARC partners.




  Through our family of general practices,
we provide quality healthcare for people of
all ages in the community and they are the
 'hubs' to extend services to ARC facilities.




  We offer community-based, mobile and
        virtual services that deliver                                                  3
             quality healthcare.
OUR OPPORTUNITY
An ageing population

New Zealand has an ageing population, with the numbers
of those aged over 65 years expected to accelerate over
the next 50 years and account for 23% of New Zealand’s
population by 2036. In May 2022 there was 780,880
people over the age of 65 years, this is expected to more
than double by 2048, when an estimated 1.5M people will
be aged over 65 years.

The 85+ years age group is also forecast to increase by
more than 30% by 2048, from 88,000 people in 2020 to
between 270,000 – 320,000 people.(i)

Increasing healthcare demands as people age                                                                                     Our Strengths
Since the early 1990s, average life expectancy in New                                                                   Third Age Health is well
Zealand has gone up by nearly six years, with the average                                                             positioned to respond to the
New Zealander now living up to 82 years of age.(ii)                                                                     growing market need.

As people age, their healthcare demands increase, with                                                            We specialise in providing care for
those aged over 65 years accounting for 16% of the                                                                 older people, aged 65+ years.
population but using over 42% of healthcare services. The
average 85 year old uses 16 times more healthcare than                                                            We have a proactive model of care
the average 40 year old.                                                                                             focused on prevention and
                                                                                                                      maintaining quality of life.
More emphasis is being put on prevention strategies to
help people age positively and remain healthier for longer.
                                                                                                                  At the core of our business are our
                                                                                                                      partnerships with aged care
With increasing numbers of people entering aged care,
often with complex health needs, the demand for quality                                                            providers around New Zealand.
healthcare services will continue. Private sector aged care
providers need trusted partners – Third Age Health is                                                              Our specialised aged care clinical
aiming to meet this need.                                                                                           teams work in partnership with
                                                                                                                       clients to deliver a quality
A desire for continuity of care                                                                                            healthcare service.

The number of people moving into a retirement village is                                                           Our goal is to be an employer of
growing and patients are looking for continuity of care as                                                        choice, providing attractive career
they transition to a different living environment.                                                                   pathways and a rewarding
                                                                                                                     environment for healthcare
Workforce headwinds                                                                                                         professionals.

The aged care sector faces challenges resourcing their                                                                We are advocates and thought
clinical needs due to an aging workforce, smaller numbers
                                                                                                                      leaders for aged care in New
of new people entering the sector, increasing workloads
                                                                                                                       Zealand, continually seeking
and low funding for ARC in New Zealand.
                                                                                                                     improvements in the provision
                                                                                                                                 of care.
There is recognition today that the increasing care needs
in aged residential care are being stretched and that
additional funding and resource will be needed over time.
                                                                                                                                                               4


(i)    National population projections 2020 (base) – 2073, Statistics New Zealand, 8 December 2020. https://www.stats.govt.nz/information-releases/national-
       population-projections2073#ageingwww.stats.govt.nz
(ii)   Health’s insatiable demand for expenditure, 21 April, 2021. https://berl.co.nz/economic-insights/healths-insatiable- demand-expenditure
FY22 HIGHLIGHTS AND EVENTS AT A GLANCE
Third Age Health is making positive progress under its new leadership team, with Board
approval of a future focused strategic plan, ongoing acquisitions of community General
Practices and investment into people, systems and capabilities to enable growth.



   First full year as a listed company

   Strengthened the leadership team with the appointment of Tony Wai as new Chief
   Executive Officer from October 2021 and Neil Hopkins joining the company as Acting
   Chief Financial Officer in June 2021

   Continued to deliver quality patient care to aged care providers and patients across
   New Zealand. Third Age Health’s standard use of remote management and
   telehealth services have proved invaluable in the Covid-19 environment

   Refreshed the Board with appointment of two new directors - Wayne Williams as an
   Independent Director and Diane Budres as a non-Independent Director

   Announced the retirement of Bevan Walsh as chair, effective from the conclusion of
   the 2022 Annual Meeting, and the appointment of John Fernandes as incoming chair

   Wayne Williams announced as incoming Audit Committee Chair to take up the role
   when John Fernandes commences as Board Chair.



Strategic progress


    Business review completed by new CEO and Board approval of a future focused
    strategic plan

    Growing number of clinical practitioners joining the group

    Appintment of a Medical Director, Dr Peter Zink

    Establishment of Clinical Team and Clinical Advisory Committee

    Signing of new contracts with ARC providers

    Acquisition of Belmont Medical Centre, which was settled on 11 October 2021, and
    Ponsonby Medical Centre, which settled 31 March 2022

                                                                                          5
    Investment into resources and capability
FY22 FINANCIAL SUMMARY
Audited results for the year ended 31 March 2022



                                                FY22                FY21
                                                                                          % Change
                                                $000                $000



 ARC Revenue                                    4,712               4,754                   (0.9%)



 GP Revenue                                     1,188                736                    61.4%



 Total Revenue                                  5,900               5,490                    7.5%



 NPBT                                           1,561               1,553                    0.5%



 NPAT                                           1,173               1,041                   12.7%



 Cash at year end                               1,124               1,829                  (38.5%)



 Total assets at year end                       4,860               3,550                   36.9%



 Dividends declared excluding FY21
                                                 8.57                8.02                    6.8%
 special dividend (cents per share)




   Result reflects first full year as a listed company and associated expenses, investment into
   resources, a number of one-off expenses reflecting the business reset plus five months’
   contribution from Belmont Medical Centre, following its acquisition on 11 October 2021

   Performance in line with the record FY21 result, despite challenges and sector headwinds during
   the year

   GP revenue was up 61.4% of which 23.5% was organic growth from exisiting general practice
   Hawkes Bay Wellness

   Total revenue $5.9m, up 7.5% year-on-year

   Gross margin increased from 60% to 63%

   Total expenses increased in line with investment into workforce and capability and include a
   number of one-off expenses reflecting the business reset
                                                                                                     6
CHAIR REPORT


Dear Shareholder
                                                                                 Bevan Walsh
We are pleased to present to you Third Age Health’s Annual Report for               Chair
                                          Bevan Walsh
the 12 months ended 31 March 2022, which celebrates our first full
                                             Chair
year as an NZX-listed company.

Your Board’s primary priority during the year was to ensure we had the right strategy and
leadership team in place to enable us to take advantage of the growth opportunities we had
identified for the company.

New leadership
Our first step was the appointment of Tony Wai as our new CEO, who commenced the role in
October 2021. It was very important for the Board that we had someone with the necessary
vision, energy, relationship-building-skills, health system expertise and specific experience to
lead our company.

Tony has spent the last fourteen years in two major organisations within the health sector in
New Zealand, in C-suite roles including Chief Operations Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and
more recently, as interim CEO at Procare. His wealth of experience and vision for how we can
better-serve our clients and patients is already proving of value to Third Age Health.


Refining our strategy
When we listed the company in February 2021, we outlined the opportunity we saw to expand
our services and build demand for our innovative, integrated model of care for older people.

Following the appointment of Tony Wai, an indepth business review was undertaken to further
refine our strategy and ensure an appropriate operating model was in place to drive sustainable
long term growth for Third Age Health.


A future-focused strategy has now been put in place, which
revolves around providing a consistent primary health
service as people move from community living into the
aged care setting. We expect our growth to be driven by
increasing the number of partnerships with Aged
Residential Care providers, and through expanding our
offer to people living independently in retirement villages
and in the local community.

Our business model centres on four pillars – workforce and
capability, clinical efficiency and quality, commercial
sustainability and growth, and health innovation. Initiatives
                                                                                                   7
are being progressed under each of these areas.
The targeted acquisition of local General Practices (GP clinics) plays an important supporting
role in our strategy. We were pleased to welcome Belmont Medical Centre and Ponsonby
Medical Centre to the group. Since year end, we have also announced the acquisition of
Devonport Family Medicine, further expanding our presence in the Auckland market.

In May 2022, Third Age Health entered into a $3 million loan facility with ANZ Bank Limited to
support the company’s acquisition strategy. A portion of the facility was drawn to fund the
acquisition of Devonport Family Medicine and we intend to make use of it for future
acquisitions.

There is significant opportunity in the sector and, with the right model in place and the
innovation and capability to support it, we are focused on becoming a leading national
provider of healthcare for older people.

Our people

On behalf of the Board, we would like to acknowledge the outstanding efforts of Third Age
Health’s team, who have demonstrated resilience and strength during what has been a
challenging time particularly for the aged care sector. Our people provide an outstanding
service for our patients and our thanks go to them for this.

Shareholder value
We are committed to creating value for our shareholders, through share price growth,
dividend yield and continually improving company performance.

We had a pleasing FY22 financial result, with a lift in revenue and profit, despite the
challenges and sector headwinds during the year. This has enabled the directors to declare
a final dividend of 4.05 cents per share, an 6.8% increase on the previous year.

More details on Third Age Health’s financial result can be read in the CEO’s review which
starts on page 10.


Goverance
Your Board provides a mix of complementary skills, expertise and experience that bring
collective value to Third Age Health. During the year, we were pleased to welcome Wayne
Williams as an Independent Director and Diane Budres as a non-Independent Director.

Wayne was formerly a partner with KPMG and has close to 30 years’ experience within the
health sector, working in line management and consulting roles within primary care, DHBs
and the MOH. Wayne is currently CEO of Alliance Health Plus Trust.

Diane resides in North America and has a background in public health and finance. She has
a passion for higher education and is the founder of The Budres Foundation, a scholarship
program based on learning by doing.

Both Wayne and Diane have provided valued support to the Board team as we further
refined and set out our growth strategy.                                                     8
I have also announced my resignation as Chair, effective from the conclusion of the 2022 Annual
Shareholders’ Meeting. Founding a service that provides high quality primary medical care to
older adults and helping to guide it to the point it is at now, has been the highlight of my career.
I am incredibly proud of what has been achieved in terms of health services innovation to date. I
will continue to serve as a Board director and intend to remain a significant shareholder for the
foreseeable future.

I am delighted to announce that John Fernandes has been appointed to succeed me as Chair.
John has been a director of the company since 2019, and serves as our Audit Committee Chair.
That role will be fulfilled by Wayne Williams as soon as John steps into his new role as Chair. I am
excited to see Third Age Health continue to grow and deliver, under the leadership of John as
Chair of the Board and Tony Wai as CEO.


Outlook

We are committed to creating a sustainable business, one with a strong long-term outlook which
provides high-quality services to our patients and customers and creates value for shareholders.

New Zealand has a rapidly aging population and there is growing demand from those people who
wish to ‘age in place’. Third Age Health has identified the potential to expand its offer beyond aged
residential care facilities and with an innovative approach and by building capacity we are aiming to
respond to this growing market need.

It's clear in the current tight healthcare labour market that finding and recruiting a quality clinical
team is a challenge and is key to meeting the population needs. It’s fair to say though, that it’s
always been a challenge, and we’ve expanded our reach over the years in spite of it, but it shouldn’t
be forgotten that it is an important factor in our ability to grow, and is always a focus - how we can
attract and retain our professional clinical team to serve our patients and clients.

I believe it will be even more important in future for us to successfully leverage the effects of our
human resources - to efficiently do more with the team we have and even more with those we will
add - not by people working harder (they already work really hard) but by us developing, over time,
more efficient ways to deliver care for our patients, and I expect very good results on this front from
our recent investments in capability that Tony has outlined in his CEO overview on the following
pages.

We have substantial momentum in FY23 as we utilise the additional resources and capability we
have already invested into over the past few months, to execute on our strategy. Our team are
assiduously developing ever more intelligent ways to realise the growth potential for our company,
and we will be innovative and resourceful as we navigate the risks and challenges of the current
environment.

We are excited about our future as we move forward with our new leadership team and a clear
strategy for growth.

Thank you for your support.



                                                                                                      99
Bevan Walsh | Chair
CEO REVIEW
At Third Age Health, we aspire to be the national healthcare
provider of choice for older adults living in a range of settings
throughout New Zealand. We will do this by providing a
consistent primary health service as people move from
community living into the aged care setting.                                          Tony Wai
                                             Bevan Walsh
                                                Chair                                   CEO
It has now been six months since I joined Third Age Health and I
have been inspired by the passion and commitment of our team,
and those we partner with, to providing a quality healthcare service
for older New Zealanders.

FY22 Performance

Third Age Health delivered a pleasing performance in FY22, despite challenges and sector
headwinds including ongoing impacts from the Covid-19 pandemic, rising costs and work force
pressures. In particular, the effects of the pandemic and workforce shortages constrained our
progress on some greenfield opportunities.

Following an indepth review during the second half of the financial year, we are now investing
into capability and systems to support future growth. The full year result reflects this investment
as well as a number of one-off expenses related to the business reset and five months’
contribution from Belmont Medical Centre, following its acquisition on 11 October 2021.

Total Revenue increased 7.5% year on year to $5.9m, driven by the strategic acquisition of
community General Practices, with 61.4% growth in GP revenues. Hawkes Bay Wellness Centre
recorded growth of 23.5%, with revenue for the year of $0.9m (FY21: $0.7m), while new General
Practice, Belmont Medical Centre Limited, which was acquired on 11 October 2021, contributed
an additional $0.3m revenue since acquisition. Revenue from services to Aged Residential Care
facilities was in line with the prior year, with the decision of one client to move services in-house
quickly offset by the addition of a number of new ARC partnerships in Taranaki, a new market for
us.

Gross margin increased from 60% to 63%, benefiting from the expanded General Practice
portfolio.

Total expenses grew in line with planned investment into the workforce and capability and also
include a full year of listed company and governance costs following listing in February 2021.
There were a number of expenses totalling $0.14m during the year that are considered one -off
and non-recurring that reflect the period of reset.

Net profit after tax (NPAT) increased by 12.7% to $1.2m.

Third Age Health has a strong financial position with net operating cashflow of $1.0m. Cash and
cash equivalents were $1.1m as at 31 March 2022.
                                                                                                   10
Setting a pathway for future growth
When first taking on the role of CEO in October last year, I conducted a deep dive review of our
operating model and sector opportunities. This has allowed us to further refine our strategy to
enable us to achieve our goals. We have identified two pathways to grow our company and
deliver value for our shareholders.

Firstly, to increase the number of partnerships we have with Aged Residential Care providers;
and secondly, to expand our offer to older people in the local community and those living
independently in retirement villages. Acquisition of local GP clinics plays an essential supporting
role in this.

Our growth strategy is supported by attractive sector dynamics including an ageing population,
an increasing need for quality care and escalating demand for qualified clinicians specialising in
providing care for older people.

To support our growth aspirations, we have been investing in capability to enable Third Age
Health to take advantage of the opportunities that exist and to keep growing. We have four clear
pillars which support our business model and already we are making good progress on
initiatives under each of these.




Workforce and capability
As New Zealand’s aging population grows, so does the demand for quality nurses and doctors
who have a passion for providing care for older people. This is a complex, high demand and
growing area, with well documented challenges around resourcing. We take the pressure off our
customers by providing specialised aged care clinical teams to work in partnership with them to
deliver a quality healthcare service.

To support our growth aspirations, we have a need for high quality practitioners. A number of
our practitioners are recruited from offshore, a process that has been particularly disrupted by
COVID-19. With restrictions lifting, we are now actively recruiting to build our team.

Our goal is to be an employer of choice, providing attractive career and development pathways
and a rewarding workplace environment for healthcare professionals. Over the next year, we are
looking forward to introducing a pathway for Registered Nurses to attain Nurse Practitioner
qualifications, enabling them to provide a higher level of care and benefit from increased pay
levels.

We recognise the additional challenges and disruption caused by the pandemic, which has
particularly impacted on the delivery of aged care. On behalf of the Board and management, we
would like to acknowledge and thank the Third Age Health team for their tireless efforts and
commitment to delivering quality care for our patients. It is a privilege to work with these
healthcare heroes who have gone above and beyond in their care over the last year.           11
Clinical efficiency and quality
Underpinning all we do is the provision of high quality healthcare. Our new strategy includes
a reimagined care quality framework and ensures quality is at the heart of the healthcare
service we provide.

We provide continuity of care from trusted clinicians and are advocates for improvements to
support the provision of quality healthcare for older people. In line with this, we have been
expanding our clinical oversight and guidance and, in March this year, established our first
Clinical Advisory Committee. This is a key element of our transition to establish a revised
model of care and quality framework that meets patient and client needs.

The Committee brings together thought leaders and experts from clinical and academic
backgrounds across a range of disciplines. The committee is chaired by Third Age Health
Medical Director, Dr Peter Zink, who was appointed in December 2021. Working alongside
him another new appointee, Clinical Change Advisor Lucy Wu, who was the driving force
behind the establishment of the Committee.

We see this as an important step in not only improving the healthcare we are delivering but
also a way of increasing collaboration across the sector. Our intention is to be action
orientated and the drivers of change and we’re keen to share what we learn along the way in
the hope that it contributes to solving some of the macro level issues and improves
healthcare for older people.


Commercial growth
Our revenue is generated from ARC contractor services, patient enrolment and patient visits,
and we monitor our performance closely.

With New Zealand’s rapidly aging population there is the potential to grow beyond aged care
facilities and to include those people who wish to age in place, and this will be part of our
longer term strategy.

While our core focus remains on the provision and management of healthcare services to
Aged Residential Care (ARC), private geriatric hospitals and secure dementia facilities, we are
now looking to expand our services to older people living in a wider range of settings. This
includes those living independently or in serviced apartments in a retirement village, as well
as those still at home in the community.

The integration of general practice into our operating model builds capability and resilience
around our workforce; and enables continuity of care and a more comprehensive service
offering for our Aged Residential Care facility clients; as well the ability to increase patient
enrolments across both general practice and aged care.

During the second half of the year, we were pleased to settle the acquisition of Belmont
Medical on Auckland’s North Shore, on 11 October 2021, and Ponsonby Medical Centre,
which settled on 31 March 2022 with the benefits to be seen in FY23. Since year end, we have
acquired Devonport Family Medicine.

A number of new service contracts have also been signed with ARC providers, including          12
seven facilities in Taranaki, a new market for us.
Health innovation

One of Third Age Health’s strengths is our
integrated and innovative model of care. We
are harnessing technology and building our
virtual healthcare capability to enhance clinical
efficiency and patient delivery. This has
proved a valuable benefit during the Covid-19
pandemic, allowing us to keep our people and
our patients safe and reducing the risk of
infection, while continuing to provide
personalised care.

Under our business investment plan, more
capability has been introduced to the
company, along with investment into IT
systems and processes to enhance efficiency
and patient delivery. This will enable future
growth and increase our ability to scale to
meet increasing demand.




Our focus on sustainability

Our people, our patients and the teams of
carers at the ARC providers we partner with
are at the heart of our business. As to be
expected therefore, the social aspect of our
ESG philosophy is the most important to us.

We have programmes in place to help our
people realise their ambitions and achieve
their goals. Our Clinical Advisory Committee
will take a lead role in identifying solutions and
advocating for improved care for senior
people. And we will continue to work closely
with other sector organisations to ensure that
together we can develop and deliver the best
possible model of senior care.

While our environmental footprint is not large,
we are conscious of taking steps to minimise
our impact where we can. Our increasing use
of digital technology to deliver virtual
healthcare not only enhances how we deliver
                                                     13
care, but also has environmental benefits with
less travel required.
Outlook

We have big aspirations, a clear strategy and great people in place to help us realise our
ambitions. Our focus remains on our key drivers – increasing patient enrolments in our family of
general practices and in contracted aged care facilities; acquisitions of primary care medical
centres; and ongoing business improvements.

Over the next 12 to 18 months, we will continue to build capability, continue execution on our
new strategy and invest into our business and growth initiatives.

We have initiatives in place to expand our reach and are building strategies to attract and retain
a valuable clinical workforce. Our ongoing investment in data and technology will help us
streamline and optimise the delivery of care and will create the ability to scale our business
efficiently. We will continue to identify general practices in key areas to add to our network, to
provide an anchor for local aged care clients.

In FY23, our strategic focus is on building a sustainable platform to enable Third Age Health to
scale and take advantage of identified opportunities for growth.



Thank you for your support.




Tony Wai | Chief Executive Officer




                                                                                                   14
                                                                                                   14
FY2022 HIGHLIGHTS
During the past year Third Age Health has expanded its national footprint with
the addition of a new region; providing medical services to seven ARC facilities
in Taranaki. In addition two new general practices have been added to the
network. Our combined ARC and general practice enrolled population is up
approximately 40% on FY2021.




                          56
                          ARC clients



                          3
                          General
                          Practices*




                                           11,537                                                                    4,703
                                           Total enrolled                                                            Of the total enrolled
                                           patients**                                                                patients are 65+ years




                                                                                                                                                         15
* Since year end, 31 March 2022, TAH added another General Practice to its group, Devonport Family Medicine on 2 May 2022, taking the total to four at
time of this annual report publication.
** This figure does not include Devonport Family Medicine as the practice was purchased outside of FY22.
Creating a network of community general
practices to support ARC service delivery
A key strategy for Third Age Health is to expand our spectrum of care to those
living independently in retirement villages or in the community. Growing our
family of local GP practices is an important component to delivering on this
opportunity. Local GP practices provide an anchor point to provide care
to both the local community and a number of ARCs near by.

Belmont Medical Centre

Belmont Medical Centre serves the Devonport
Peninsula on Auckland’s North Shore, providing
comprehensive quality healthcare to members of
that community. One of its founding doctors, Dr
Jennifer Waddell still works within the practice, and
takes a holistic approach to healthcare.


"Our team is passionate about providing the best
healthcare for our community. The combination of
providing healthcare in a general practice and for our
local aged care facilities is fantastic as often patients
we have seen for many years in the community move
into aged care locally and we are still able to provide
continuity of care for them in their final years.”                Ponsonby Medical Centre
Dr Jenni Waddell
                                         Ponsonby Medical Centre is the second general practice
                                         purchase for Third Age Health in the 2022 financial year,
                                                  following Belmont Medical Centre in late 2021.

                                     “Ponsonby Medical Centre has a very experienced clinical team
                                       who provide great family healthcare for the local community.
                                          As we focus on older adults as a population of interest the
                                      integration of general practice into our operating model plays
                                      an important role in helping us build capability and resilience
                                     around workforce and enables us to provide continuity of care
                                        and a more comprehensive service offering for the growing
                                                                                   aged population."
                                                                                     Tony Wai , CEO

                                      "As a small community practice, we are delighted to be part of
                                             Third Age Health, who we know hold the same values in
                                        ensuring continuity of care for our enrolled patients and the
                                                                                   local community.”
                                                                                    Dr Dion Martley
New Clinical Advisory Committee to focus on
improving primary care for older people
Third Age Health has established its first Clinical Advisory Committee. The Committee brings
together thought leaders and experts from clinical and academic backgrounds in general
practice, nursing, older people’s health, psychiatry, gerontology, palliative care as well as
innovation, user experience and solution design. Members of the group were selected for
not only their expertise but their diversity of thought and willingness to come together with
a provider to find solutions to bridge the gap between the resources currently available and
the healthcare that’s needed for older people to improve their quality of life.

Clinical Advisory Committee members
   Professor Ngaire Kerse, Joyce Cook Chair in Ageing Well and GP
   Professor Jenny Carryer, Massey University Professor and Head of NZ College of Nurses
   Dr Jackie Broadbent, Geriatrician
   Dr Dianne Leach, General Practitioner and practice owner
   Dr Jane Casey, Psychogeriatric Specialist
   Emily Preston, Senior Project Lead, Innovation Unit
   Dr Carol McAllum, Director of Quality & Parnerships for Mercy Hospice, Palliative Medicine
   Specialist and former specialist General Practitioner
   Dr Peter Zink, General Practitioner and Third Age Health Medical Director
   Lucy Wu, Third Age Health Clinical Change Advisor




                                                                  The Clinical Advisory Committee meeting online.


It’s really motivating to be working with a great group of people who bring to the table ideas which will
             help us tackle the challenge of providing great healthcare for people, at a time when we are
 experiencing the collision of increasing clinical complexity, workforce pressures and stagnant funding.

   “Healthcare for people living in aged care is really fragmented. As a provider with national reach, we
 have a good view on the variation in service provision and delivery across New Zealand. It’s important
  to occasionally step back from the day-to-day delivery of healthcare and with the help of experts give
                            time and thought to how we can change the way we are doing things to get
                                                                                        better outcomes.

                                                                                            Dr Peter Zink
                                                                      Chair, Clinical Advisory Committee
                                                                                                               17
Passion for the health of older
people at heart of new career with
Third Age Health


Wendy Walsh, Nurse Practitioner
Wendy Walsh has been caring for the wellbeing of
older people since she was in her teens when she had
a part time job as a care assistant at Sun Haven, a care
home in her local area. She had no idea at the time
that she would one day be a highly skilled nurse
practitioner specialised in the health of older people
and be responsible for the medical care of residents in
seven aged residential care facilities across the
Taranaki region.



                It’s so important to have a holistic approach when supporting the health
              of older people and a nursing background is the perfect foundation. I love
                        the complexity of health care need in my role. As people age, they
              generally have several aliments that affect wellbeing and I enjoy providing
                                           medical care that improves their quality of life.




Dr Fei Wu, General Practitioner

Fei is a general practitioner based in Auckland who
splits his time between general practice and visiting
patients in age residential care. He believes it is a
privilege to be helping people improve their quality of
life as they age and enjoys visiting rest homes each
week to see his patients.




                  What’s not to love about people as they age, they have the best sense
                  of humour and tell great stories. The things I learn from older patients
                      when I visit them in aged care really complements the work I do in
                                       general practice. The mix of both roles is perfect.
                                                                                          18
OUR TEAM

           63%              37%               55        Total team
           Female           Male              38        Clinical team


OUR BOARD

           Bevan Walsh | Chair

           Bevan founded Third Age Health with the goal of revolutionising the way Kiwi
           nursing homes access their medical services. He has a strong commitment
           to delivering excellent service, and plays an active role in shaping Third Age
           Health’s practice philosophy.




           John Fernandes | Independent Director
           John is CFO of MacroActive and Executive Director of Anjuli Mack Fit. He has
           experience in strategy, finance and continuous improvement within financial
           services, telco, media and technology businesses in New Zealand and a
           Master of Business Administration from The University of Auckland.



           Norah Barlow, ONZM | Independent Director
           Norah is the current CEO of Heritage Life Care (NZ). A highly skilled and
           experienced business executive, Norah's knowledge of the Aged Care sector
           is extensive. Norah sits on the Board of some New Zealand's most
           respected companies.



            Wayne Williams | Independent Director (appointed 10 Jun 2021)
            Wayne is formerly a Partner of KPMG and has close to 30 years’ experience
            within the health sector. He has worked in line management and consulting
            roles within primary care, DHBs and the Ministry of Health, and he is
            currently CEO of Alliance Health Plus Trust .




           Diane Budres | Non- independent Director (Appointed 14 Sept 21)
           Based in North America, Diane holds qualifications in education, public
           health and human ecology. She is the founder and a director of The Budres
           Foundation, a scholarship program based on learning by doing. Diane has
           previously held directorships with First National Bank, Apple Bank, Nelson
           Properties and DBS.

                                                                                        19
Consolidated Financial Statements

Third Age Health Services Limited
        and subsidiaries

For the year ended 31 March 2022




                                    20
Third Age Health Services Limited
Directors’ responsibility statement


The Directors of Third Age Health Services Limited (the “Company”) are pleased to present to shareholders the
Consolidated Financial Statements for Third Age Health Services Limited and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) for
the year ended 31 March 2022.

The Directors are responsible for presenting financial statements in accordance with New Zealand law and
generally accepted accounting practice, which present fairly in all material respects the financial position of
the Group as at 31 March 2022 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the year ended on that
date.

The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group have been prepared using accounting policies which have
been consistently applied and supported by reasonable judgements and estimates and that all relevant
financial reporting standards have been followed.

The Directors believe that proper accounting records have been kept which enable with reasonable accuracy
the determination of the financial position of the Group and facilitate compliance of the Financial Statements
with the Companies Act 1993, NZX Listing Rules and Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

The Directors ensure that they have taken adequate steps to safeguard the assets of the Group and to prevent
and detect fraud and other irregularities. Internal control procedures are also considered to be sufficient to
provide a reasonable assurance as to the integrity and reliability of the Financial Statements.


The Consolidated Financial Statements presented are signed on behalf of the Board on 16 June 2022 by:




     Bevan Walsh                                                  John Fernandes
     Founder and Chair                                            Audit Committee Chair




                                                                                                                  21
Third Age Health Services Limited
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended 31 March 2022


                                                                                           2022        2021
                                                                   Notes                   $000        $000
 Revenue                                                             5                     5,900       5,490
 Cost of Sales                                                                           (2,205)     (2,169)
 Gross Profit                                                                              3,695       3,321

 Other Income                                                        6                        31         52

 Employees and contractors                                           8                   (1,251)     (1,086)
 Professional and consulting fees                                    9                     (486)       (349)
 Other expenses                                                                            (263)       (228)

 Depreciation & amortisation                                                               (142)      (114)

 Finance Costs                                                                              (23)        (43)

 Profit before Income Tax                                                                  1,561      1,553
 Income Tax Expense                                                  11                    (388)      (512)
 Profit after income tax                                                                   1,173      1,041

 Other Comprehensive Income for the year, net of tax                                            -          -

 Total Comprehensive income for the year                                                   1,173      1,041



 Earnings per share (note 13)
 Basic earnings per share (cents per share)                                                 11.9       11.1
 Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)                                               11.8       11.0




These Consolidated Financial Statements are to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                          22
Third Age Health Services Limited
Consolidated statement of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 March 2022


                                                                         Share Based
                                                                           Payments          Retained
                                                      Share Capital          Reserve         earnings      Total
                                                Notes         $000              $000             $000      $000
 Balance at 1 April 2020                                    (1,300)              607            1,555       862

 Profit for the year                                                 -               -           1,041    1,041
 Total comprehensive income for the year                             -               -           1,041    1,041

 Shares issued                                                  1,531               -                -     1,531
 Dividend                                        12                  -              -          (1,400)   (1,400)
 Transaction costs arising on issue of shares                     (58)              -                -       (58)
 Balance at 31 March 2021                                         173             607            1,196     1,976


 Profit for the year                                                 -               -           1,173    1,173
 Total comprehensive income for the year                             -               -           1,173    1,173

 Shares issued                                                   342                -                -      342
 Dividend                                        12                -                -            (831)    (831)
 Tax credit on share based payments                                -               21                -       21
 Deferred tax credit on share based payments    11.2                                9                         9
 Share based payments                           24.3               -                6                -        6
 Balance at 31 March 2022                                        515              643            1,538    2,696




These Consolidated Financial Statements are to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                              23
Third Age Health Services Limited
Consolidated statement of financial position
For the year ended 31 March 2022

                                                                                            2022     2021
                                                                 Notes                      $000     $000

 Current assets
 Cash and cash equivalents                                         14                      1,124     1,829
 Trade and other receivables                                       15                        386       325
 Loan receivable                                                   16                        313        59
 Total current assets                                                                      1,823     2,213

 Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                                                                22        11
 Right-of-use-assets                                               17                      1,093       227
 Intangible assets                                                 18                      1,902       782
 Trade and other receivables                                       15                         20        20
 Loan receivable                                                   16                          -       297
 Total non-current assets                                                                  3,037     1,337

 Total assets                                                                              4,860     3,550

 Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                          20                        668      592
 Current tax liabilities                                                                      55      319
 Employee share purchase plan deposits                            24.1                        75      345
 Lease liabilities                                                 17                        111       53
 Total current liabilities                                                                   909     1,309

 Non-current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                          20                         29        -
 Lease liabilities                                                 17                        977      180
 Deferred tax liability                                           11.2                       249       85
 Total non-current liabilities                                                             1,255      265


 Total liabilities                                                                         2,164     1,574

 Net assets                                                                                2,696     1,976

 Equity
 Share capital                                                     23                        515       173
 Share based payments reserve                                                                643       607
 Retained earnings                                                                         1,538     1,196
 Total equity                                                                              2,696     1,976




These Consolidated Financial Statements are to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                        24
Third Age Health Services Limited
Consolidated statement of cash flows
For the year ended 31 March 2022

                                                                                                 2022       2021
                                                                            Notes                $000       $000

 Cash flows from operating activities
 Receipts from other operating activities                                                        5,885      5,473
 Payments to suppliers and employees                                                           (4,147)    (3,512)
 Interest received                                                                                   16         30
 Interest paid                                                                                     (23)       (43)
 Income taxes paid                                                                               (691)      (398)
 Net cash flows from operating activities                                     10                 1,040      1,550

 Cash flows from investing activities
 Payments to purchase property, plant and equipment                                                (3)           -
 Acquisition of general practices                                            19.2                (971)           -
 Cash acquired through acquisition of general practices                                              4           -
 Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                     (970)           -

 Cash flows from financing activities
 Deposits received under share purchase plan                                 24.1                   72        308
 Share purchase plan deposits applied to acquire shares                      24.1                (342)           -
 Proceeds from issuing shares                                                 23                   342      1,266
 Payments for costs of issuing shares                                                                -        (57)
 Principal elements of loan repayments                                        16                    47           -
 Repayments of borrowings                                                                            -      (673)
 Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities                            17                  (63)        (51)
 Dividend paid                                                                12                 (831)    (1,400)
 Net cash flows from financing activities                                                        (775)      (607)


 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                       (705)       943


 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                       1,829        886
 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                           14                1,124      1,829




These Consolidated Financial Statements are to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                25
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022



1. Reporting entity
These Consolidated Financial Statements are for Third Age Health Services Limited and its subsidiaries (the
"Group"). The Parent is incorporated and domiciled in New Zealand and registered under the Companies Act
1993. The parent's shares are publicly traded on the New Zealand Stock Exchange (NZX) and are listed on the
main board of the NZX. The principal trading activity of the Group is the provision of medical services to the
aged care sector. Those companies included in the Group are disclosed in note 25.1.


The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group are for the year ended 31 March 2022. The Financial
Statements were authorised for issue by the Directors as dated in the Directors' Responsibility Statement.



2. Statement of accounting policies
2.1. Basis of preparation

The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with New Zealand Generally Accepted Accounting
Practice ("NZ GAAP"). They comply with the New Zealand equivalents to International Financial Reporting
Standards ("NZ IFRS") and other applicable Financial Reporting Standards, as appropriate. These Financial
Statements comply with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as published by the International
Accounting Standards Board. For the purposes of complying with NZ GAAP, the Group is a for-profit entity.
These Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

2.2. Basis of measurement

The Financial Statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except financial instruments that are
measured fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting policies below.

Historical cost is based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.

2.3. Basis of consolidation

The Consolidated Financial Statements incorporate the Financial Statements of the Company and entities
(including structured entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the
Company:
•   has power over the investee
•   is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
• has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.
The Company reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there
are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.
When necessary, adjustments are made to the Financial Statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
policies into line with the Group's accounting policies.




                                                                                                               26
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

2.4. Functional and presentational currency

The individual Financial Statements of each Group entity are maintained in the currency of the primary
economic environment in which the entity operates (its functional currency). For the purpose of the
consolidated Financial Statements, the results and position of each Group entity are expressed in New Zealand
Dollars (NZD), rounded to thousands, which is the functional currency of the Company and the presentation
currency for the consolidated Financial Statements.

In preparing the Financial Statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
entity's functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates
of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies
are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are
denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value was
determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not
retranslated.

Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

The Group has no foreign operations and the functional currency of all the Group subsidiaries is NZD.

2.5. Goods and services tax (GST)

Revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities are recognised net of the amount of goods and services tax (GST)
except:
•   Where the amount of GST incurred is not recovered from the taxation authority, it is recognised as part of
    the cost of acquisition of an asset or as part of an item of expense; or
•   For receivables and payables which are recognised inclusive of GST (the net amount of GST recoverable
    from or payable to the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables).

2.6. Financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
provisions of the instruments.
Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value. Transaction costs that are directly
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets
and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the
financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly
attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are
recognised immediately in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                    27
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial instruments are classified into the following specified categories: ‘fair value through profit or loss'
(FVTPL), ‘fair value through other comprehensive income' (FVOCI) and 'at amortised cost'. The classification
depends on the nature and purpose of the financial instrument and is determined at the time of initial
recognition.

The Group’s financial assets consist of cash, short term deposits, trade receivables and related party
receivables.

Financial assets - Cash and short-term deposits
Cash and short-term deposits comprise cash at bank and on hand and short-term deposits with a maturity of
three months or less.

Financial assets - Trade and other receivables
Trade receivables are non-derivative financial assets and measured at amortised cost less impairment.
Impairment of trade receivables is recorded through a loss allowance account (bad debt provision). The
amount of the loss allowance is based on the simplified Expected Credit Loss (ECL) approach which involves
the Group estimating the lifetime ECL at each balance date. The lifetime ECL is calculated using a provision
matrix based on historical credit loss experience and adjusted for forward looking factors specific to the
debtors and the economic environment.

Financial assets - Related party receivables
Related party receivables are measured at amortised cost. The Group does not expect any credit loss on
related party receivables.

Financial assets - Derecognition of financial assets
The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire,
or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to
another party. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an
associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards
of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also
recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

Financial assets - Impairment of financial assets
Financial assets, other than those at FVTPL, are assessed for indicators of impairment at the end of each
reporting period. Financial assets are considered to be impaired when there is objective evidence that, as a
result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the financial asset, the estimated
future cash flows of the investment have been affected.
The carrying amount of the financial asset is reduced by the impairment loss directly for all financial assets
with the exception of trade receivables, where the carrying amount is reduced through the use of an
allowance account.




                                                                                                                    28
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

Financial liabilities and equity instruments
Financial liabilities and equity instruments - Equity instruments
An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Group are recognised at the proceeds received,
net of direct issue costs.

Financial liabilities and equity instruments - Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities at amortised cost (including borrowings, related party payables and trade and other
payables) are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
interest method.

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial liability and of
allocating interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly
discounts estimated future cash payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral
part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected
life of the financial liability, or (where appropriate) a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial
recognition.

Financial liabilities and equity instruments - Derecognition of financial liabilities
The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group's obligations are discharged,
cancelled or they expire. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised
and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.


2.7. Business combinations

Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a
business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair
values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the
acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-
related costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired, and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair
value, except deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit
arrangements which are recognised and measured in accordance with NZ IAS 12 Income taxes and NZ IAS 19
Employee benefits respectively.

Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest in the
acquiree (if any) over the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the
liabilities assumed. If, after reassessment, the net of the acquisition-date amounts of the identifiable assets
acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer's previously held interest in the acquiree
(if any), the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.



                                                                                                                 29
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

2.8. Comparatives

Where appropriate, comparative information has been reclassified to conform to the current period’s
presentation.

2.9. Changes in accounting policies

All significant accounting policies have been applied on a basis consistent with those used in the audited
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2021.

2.10. Standards issued but not yet effective

There are no new or amended accounting standards mandatory for the year ended 31 March 2022 that were
considered to have a material impact to the Group. The International Accounting Standards Board has issued a
number of standards, amendments and interpretations which are not yet effective, of which an impact on the
Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements is not yet determined.



3. Impact of Covid -19
COVID-19 (also known as Coronavirus) was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organisation on 11
March 2020. The Company continues to monitor the impact of COVID 19 both locally and globally as well as
the recommendations from the New Zealand Government.

As an essential service all business units of the Group continued to operate through the periods of COVID-19
lockdown. Continuity of activities has been maintained through adoption of recommended safety measures
and utilising core infrastructure such as virtual meetings and collaboration tools already in place prior to the
pandemic.

While uncertainty exists as to the impact COVID-19 will have on the economy and the demand for the Group’s
services in the future based on the services provided and its current financial position the Board have assessed
there is unlikely to be any material impacts on the Group resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic.

The Group has not made any claims under the New Zealand government COVID-19 financial support
programmes during the period ended 31 March 2022 (2021: Nil).



4. Use of accounting estimates and judgements
The preparation of these Financial Statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions.
These affect the amounts of reported revenue and expense and the measurement of assets and liabilities.
Actual results could differ from these estimates. The principal areas of judgement and estimation in these
Financial Statements are:
•   Loan receivable from Third Age Digital Health (note 16)
•   Determination of lease term (note 17)
•   Acquisition accounting (note 19.2)
•   Accounting for employee share purchase plans (note 24)

                                                                                                                   30
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022


5. Revenue recognition
5.1. Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue has been categorised as consultation revenue, capitation revenue and other revenue.

Consultation revenue
The Group earns revenue from the provision of medical consultation services. Each consultation performed is
a separate performance obligation satisfied at a point in time. The price for each consultation is a fixed amount
based on an agreed rate card with the customer. Revenue is recognised once the consultation service has been
provided. Revenue from contracts with customers is measured at the fair value of the consideration received
or receivable and may be reduced for rebates and other similar allowances.

Capitation revenue
The Group provides various medical services on a ‘stand ready’ basis on behalf of Primary Health Organisations
(PHOs). This capitation revenue is recognised monthly based on the number of enrolled patients and the
agreed rate for the particular patient. The agreed rate will be affected by the characteristics of the patient, for
example, their age or gender. Revenue is recognised on an over time basis measured on a time lapsed basis.

Other revenue
Other revenue is made up of claims revenues for vaccinations, ACC and general medical services (GMS),
recognised on a point in time basis, once the services have been given to the patient.

Revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                                 2022                        2021
                                                                                 $000                        $000
 Capitation revenue
   Aged medical care services                                                   1,519                       1,524
   General practice medical services                                              905                         564

 Consultation revenue
   Aged medical care services                                                   3,105                       3,120
   General practice medical services                                              274                         172

 Other revenue
   Aged medical care services                                                      88                         110
   General practice medical services                                                9                            -


 Total revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                                5,900                       5,490


Geographical information
Over the two years covered by the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Group operated in New Zealand
only.




                                                                                                                31
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

Information about major customers
Included in total revenue are revenues that arose from services provided to the Group’s largest customers.

The Group derived revenue from the following significant customers:
                                                                                  2022                         2021
                                                                                  $000                         $000
    Customer 1                                                                    1,287                        1,045
    Customer 2                                                                      670                         763


No other single customers contributed 10% or more to the Group’s revenue for both 2022 and 2021.



6. Other income
                                                                                  2022                         2021
                                                                                  $000                         $000
    Interest Income                                                                 20                           30
    Other Income                                                                    11                           22
    Total Other Income                                                              31                           52


6.1. Interest income

Interest income from a financial asset is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to
the Group and the amount of income can be measured reliably. Interest income is accrued on a time basis, by
reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate that
exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to that asset's
net carrying amount on initial recognition.



7. Segment information
7.1. Products and services from which reportable segments derive their revenue

The Group's reportable segments are as follows:
•      Aged medical residential care services, being the provision of medical care services to the aged care
       sector.
•      General practice medical services

7.2. Segment revenues and results

The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results from continuing operations by reportable
segment:
    Segment revenue                                                               2022                         2021
                                                                                  $000                         $000
    Aged medical care services                                                    4,712                        4,754
    General practice medical services                                             1,188                         736
    Total for operations                                                          5,900                        5,490

                                                                                                                  32
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022


 Segment profit before tax                                                     2022                      2021
                                                                               $000                      $000
 Aged medical care services                                                    1,340                    1,369
 General practice medical services                                              221                       184
 Total for operations                                                          1,561                    1,553


Segment profit includes the following items:

 For the year ended 31 March 2022                                         Aged care           General practice
 Segment profit includes the following items:                       medical services          medical services
                                                                               $000                      $000
 EBITDA                                                                       1,321                       385
 Depreciation & amortisation                                                      1                       141
 Finance costs                                                                    -                        23
 Interest income                                                                 20                         -
 Income tax expense                                                             326                        62

 For the year ended 31 March 2021                                         Aged care           General practice
 Segment profit includes the following items:                       medical services          medical services
                                                                               $000                      $000
 EBITDA                                                                       1,374                       306
 Depreciation & amortisation                                                      2                       112
 Finance costs                                                                   33                        10
 Interest income                                                                 30                         -
 Income tax expense                                                             460                        52

EBITDA represents profit before tax excluding amounts for (1) interest income; (2) finance expenses; and (3)
depreciation and amortisation expenses.

7.3. Segment assets and liabilities

 Segment assets                                                                2022                      2021
                                                                               $000                      $000

 Aged medical care services New Zealand                                        1,513                    2,857
 General practice medical services                                             4,014                      753
 Total segment assets                                                          5,527                    3,610


 Intercompany elimination                                                      (667)                      (60)
 Total segment assets                                                          4,860                    3,550




                                                                                                               33
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

 Segment liabilities                                                           2022                        2021
                                                                               $000                        $000
 Aged medical care services New Zealand                                          922                       1,057
 General practice medical services                                             1,909                         577
 Total segment liabilities                                                     2,831                       1,634


 Intercompany elimination                                                      (667)                         (60)
 Total segment liabilities                                                     2,164                       1,574




8. Costs of employees, contractors, and directors includes:
                                                                                       2022                2021
                                                     Note                              $000                $000
 Salaries and wages                                                                     916                 545
 Short term incentives                                                                   20                   0
 Defined contribution (KiwiSaver)                                                        20                  11
 Share based payments expense                        24.3                                13                   0
 Employee benefit expense                                                               969                 556

 Fees to full time contractors                                                           305                 307
 Former CEO Incentives                                                                   (23)                223
                                                                                       1,251               1,086


Retentions bonuses for the former CEO accrued in the year ended 31 March 2021 were reversed following his
resignation at 30 September 2021.



9. Professional and consulting fees
                                                                              2022                         2021
                                                                              $000                         $000
 Fees paid to auditor                                                           56                           47
 Accounting and taxation services                                              121                           63
 Legal expenses                                                                 82                           10
 Directors’ fees                                                               126                           60
 Listing and share registry costs                                               39                          167
 Company secretarial                                                             7                            -
 CEO Recruitment                                                                44                            -
 Other consultancy costs                                                        11                            2
                                                                               486                          349


Fees paid to auditor of $56,650 (2021: $46,760) relates to fees for the annual audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements and does not include any amounts for other assurance or non-assurance services.




                                                                                                               34
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

Accounting and taxation services includes accounting fees of $99,383 (2021: $89,504), of which $75,402 were
incurred during the first 5 months of the year. Accounting fees have reduced following the appointment of the
Acting CFO in June 2021.

Legal expenses include $30,342 in respect of acquisition activity during the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021:
Nil).



10.Reconciliation of profit for the year to net cash from operating activities
                                                                              2022                       2021
                                                                              $000                       $000
 Profit before income tax                                                    1,561                      1,553

 Adjustments to reconcile profit before tax to net cash
 flows:
 Depreciation and other amortisation                                           142                        114
 Share based payments expense                                                   13                          -
 Expenses settled through issuance of shares                                      -                       141
 Interest charged on loan                                                       (4)                         -

 Working capital adjustments:
 Trade and other receivables                                                   (61)                       (39)
 Trade and other payables                                                        83                       180
 Impact of working capital acquired                                             (3)                          -
                                                                             1,731                      1,949
 Income tax paid                                                             (691)                      (399)

 Net cash from operating activities                                          1,040                      1,550



11.Taxation
11.1.    Income tax recognised in profit or loss relating to continuing operations

Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised
in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also
recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax
arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for
the business combination.

Tax expense comprises:

                                                                              2022                       2021
                                                                              $000                       $000
 Current income tax                                                            438                        537
 Deferred income tax                                                           (50)                       (26)
 Prior period adjustment                                                          -                          1
 Total income tax expense recognised in the current year                       388                        512



                                                                                                            35
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022


Income tax expense for the year can be reconciled to the accounting profit as follows:

                                                                                     2022                    2021
                                                                                     $000                    $000
 Profit before tax from continuing operations                                       1,561                   1,553



 Income tax expense/(benefit) calculated at 28%                                       437                     435



 Effect of non-deductible expenses                                                     18                      76

 Tax credit on share based payments                                                   (67)                          -

 Prior period adjustments                                                               -                       1
 Income tax expense recognised in profit or loss relating to                          388                     512
 continuing operations

11.2.    Deferred tax

Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
the Financial Statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred
tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable
that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such
deferred tax assets are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other
than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit
nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference
arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
subsidiaries and associates, and interests in joint ventures, except where the Company is able to control the
reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such
investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable there will be sufficient taxable
profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in
the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the
asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.




                                                                                                                   36
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
the manner in which the Company expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying
amount of its assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax liability

Deferred tax liability is made up of the following deferred tax assets and liabilities.

                                                                                   2022                     2021
                                                                                   $000                     $000
 Deferred tax asset                                                                 279                       83
 Deferred tax liability                                                           (528)                    (168)
                                                                                  (249)                      (85)
 Deferred tax assets relate to:
 Provisions and accruals                                                             32                       18
 Lease liabilities                                                                  223                       65
 Share based payments                                                                24                         -
                                                                                    279                       83
 Deferred tax liabilities relate to:
 Right-of-use-assets                                                              (218)                      (63)
 Intangible assets                                                                (310)                    (105)
                                                                                  (528)                    (168)



The movement on deferred tax is summarised as follows.

                                       Provisions    Right-of-       Leases       Share       Intangible   Totals
                                              and   use-assets                    based           assets
                                         accruals                              payments
                               Notes        $000         $000         $000          $000          $000      $000
 Opening net deferred tax                     18          (63)          65             -          (105)      (85)
 asset/(liability)
 Additions through                              -            -            -               -       (223)    (223)
 acquisitions                   19.2
 Recognised in the profit                    (14)         154         (157)          (15)           (18)     (50)
 and loss                       11.1
 Recognised in the share                        -            -            -           (9)              -      (9)
 based payments reserve
 Closing net deferred tax                     32         (217)         222            24          (310)    (249)
 asset/(liability)



11.3.     Imputation credits

The Group had New Zealand imputation credits of $710,493 (2021: $340,423) available for use in subsequent
periods.




                                                                                                               37
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022


12.Dividends
                                                                       Cents per share                     $000
 Dividends paid during the year ended 31 March 2022:
 Interim dividend                                                               4.52                         450
 Final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2021                                3.91                         381
                                                                                                             831


                                                                       Cents per share                     $000
 Dividends paid during the year ended 31 March 2021:
 Interim dividend                                                               4.12                         400
 Special dividend                                                              10.26                       1,000
                                                                                                           1,400


13.Earnings per share
Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the shareholders of the Group by
the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, excluding treasury
shares.

Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
into account the after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential
ordinary shares, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

Reconciliation of earnings used in calculating earnings per share
                                                                                2022                       2021
                                                                                $000                       $000
 Net profit attributable to the ordinary shareholders of the                    1,173                      1,041
 Group
 Earnings used in the calculation of basic earnings per share                   1,173                      1,041
 from continuing operations

Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator
                                                                                2022                       2021
                                                                               Shares                     Shares
                                                                                000's                      000's
 Weighted average number of ordinary shares used as the                         9,832                      9,388
 denominator in calculating basic earnings per share

 Adjustments for calculation of diluted earnings per share:
 Employee share options                                                            74                            39

 Weighted average number of ordinary shares and potential
 ordinary shares used as the denominator in calculating
 diluted earnings per share                                                     9,906                      9,427



Excludes shares held by the Third Age Employee Purchase Plan Share Trust (note 23).

                                                                                                                 38
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022


14.Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                            2022                        2021
                                                                            $000                        $000
 Cash on hand and at bank                                                   1,124                       1,829
                                                                            1,124                       1,829




15.Trade and other receivables
Current
                                                                             2022                       2021
                                                                             $000                       $000
 Trade receivables                                                            343                        315
 Prepayments and other receivables                                             43                         10
                                                                              386                        325


As at 31 March 2022 94% of the Group's trade receivables are current (2021: 99%).

Non-current
                                                                             2022                       2021
                                                                             $000                       $000
 Deposit with NZX                                                              20                         20
                                                                               20                         20



16.Loan receivable
                                                                             2022                       2021
                                                                             $000                       $000
 Current
 Third Age Digital Health Limited Loan Note                                   313                         59
 Non-current:
 Third Age Digital Health Limited Loan Note                                     -                        297
                                                                              313                        356


Interest has been charged at rates between 5.73% - 6.54% for the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021:6.35%)
and the Group has recognised interest income of $19,332 (2021: $21,010).

In May 2021 monthly principal repayments commenced in line with the loan agreement with a total $62,414
paid during the year. Repayments were ceased by Third Age Digital Health Limited (TADH) in March 2022 in a
breach of the loan agreement.

The loan was set up to be repaid through monthly instalments by 31 March 2026 with early repayment
permitted. Following failure of TADH to maintain the monthly payments the Company is now seeking full
settlement, so the loan is considered to be current.




                                                                                                           39
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

While the loan to TADH is unsecured the Board of TADH provided the Company with a warranty that it had
received legally binding assurances of financial support from its major shareholders such that in the borrower’s
opinion (acting reasonably and in good faith) TADH would make all repayments.

Michael Haskell is the Director of TADH, and its major shareholders are Michael Haskell & Associates Limited
and Bevan Walsh, both major shareholders of the Company. As such the loan is considered a related party loan
(note 25.2).

The Independent Directors of the Company are seeking to enforce the warranties provided by TADH including
the potential appointment of a liquidator to TADH, and therefore remain of the view that the loan will be
recovered in full.



17.Right of use assets and lease liabilities
Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset
is available for use by the Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance cost. The
finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of
interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the
shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.
Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include
the net present value of the following lease payments:
•   fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;
•   variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate;
•   amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;
•   the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and
• payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising that option.
The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be determined,
or the Group's incremental borrowing rate.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
•   the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability.
•   any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received.
•   any initial direct costs, and
•   restoration costs.

17.1.    Extension and termination options

Extension options are included in the Group's lease agreement. Extension options held are exercisable by both
the Group and by the respective lessor.

17.2.    Determination of the lease term

In determining the lease term, management considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic
incentive to exercise an extension option, or not exercise a termination option. Extension options (or periods

                                                                                                                   40
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

after termination options) are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended
(or not terminated).

The assessment is reviewed if a significant event or a significant change in circumstances occurs which affects
this assessment and that is within the control of the lessee.

17.3.       Key judgements

Hawkes Bay Wellness Centre Limited, a subsidiary of the Company, lease the premises at 536 Kennedy Road,
Napier, New Zealand. The lease is for a term of 5 years with one right of renewal of 5 years and a final expiry
date of 31 March 2030. Initially, the 5-year right of renewal was excluded from the lease term on the basis it
was not reasonably certain to be exercised. As at reporting date the Group are now reasonably certain to
exercise the right of renewal given substantial renovations have been carried out on the premises in the last 6
months. As a result, the Group have reassessed the lease liability as at the reporting date. The reassessment
has resulted in a modification to the lease and an increase to the right-of-use asset and lease liability of
$334,087.

As a result of the acquisition of Belmont Medical Centre Limited practice on 11 October 2021 (note 19), the
Group entered into a lease of the premises at 3 Williamson Avenue, Belmont, Auckland, 0622. The lease had
an initial term of five years with a single right of renewal of a further 5 years. Given the practice has long been
established at that location it is regarded as reasonably certain that the lease will be renewed.

With the acquisition of the business of Ponsonby Medical Centre (note 19.2) on 31 March 2022 the Group
entered into a 6-year lease of the premises at 1 Vermont Street, Ponsonby, Auckland 1011. There are no rights
of renewal.

Amounts recognised in the balance sheet

 Right-of-use assets                                                              2022                        2021
                                                                                  $000                        $000
 Opening balance                                                                    227                           -
 Additions                                                                          606                        284
 Lease reassessment                                                                 334                           -
 Depreciation                                                                       (74)                       (57)
 Closing balance                                                                  1,093                        227


 Lease liabilities                                                                2022                        2021
                                                                                  $000                        $000
 Opening balance                                                                    233                           -
 Additions                                                                          583                        284
 Lease reassessment                                                                 334                           -
 Interest                                                                            23                         10
 Repayments                                                                         (85)                       (61)
 Closing balance                                                                  1,088                        233



                                                                                                                 41
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

 Current                                                                            111                         53
 Non-current                                                                        977                        180
                                                                                  1,088                        233



Amounts recognised in the statement of profit or loss
                                                                                   2022                       2021
                                                                                   $000                       $000
 Depreciation of right-of-use assets property                                        74                         57
 Interest expense (included in finance cost)                                         23                         10

The total cash outflow for leases in the 12-month period ended March 2022 was $94,342 (2021: $77,646).



18.Intangible assets
                                                                                          2022                2021
                                                           Notes                          $000                $000
 Goodwill                                                   18.1                              796              408
 Intangibles                                                18.3                          1,106                374
                                                                                          1,902                782


18.1.      Goodwill

Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the
business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

                                                                                   2022                       2021
 Goodwill                                          Note                            $000                       $000
 Opening balance                                                                    408                        408
 Additions                                          19.2                            388                          0
 Closing balance                                                                    796                        408


 Goodwill impairment
 Opening balance                                                                          -                       -
 Accumulated Impairment losses                                                            -                       -
 Closing balance                                                                          -                       -

 Net carry amount of goodwill                                                       796                        408


On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the
determination of the profit or loss on disposal.

18.2.    Impairment of goodwill
For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units (or
groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.




                                                                                                                 42
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

A cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment annually, or more
frequently when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the cash-
generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying
amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro rata based on the
carrying amount of each asset in the unit. Any impairment loss for goodwill is recognised directly in profit or
loss. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods.

Goodwill has been allocated for impairment testing purposes to Hawkes Bay Wellness Centre (HBWC) Limited
and the General Practice businesses acquired during the current financial year, Belmont Medical Centre
Limited (BMC) and Ponsonby Medical (Third Age Health) Limited (PMC). Each are considered a Cash
Generating Unit (CGU).

The allocation of goodwill for each CGU is as follows.

                                                                                2022                       2021
                                                                                $000                       $000
 Hawkes Bay Wellness Centre Limited                                              408                        408
 Belmont Medical Centre Limited                                                   13                         -
 Ponsonby Medical (Third Age Health) Limited                                     375                         -
                                                                                 796                        408


For the 2022 reporting period, the recoverable amount of the cash-generating units was determined based on
value-in-use calculations which require the use of assumptions. The calculation uses cash flow projections
based on a financial forecast covering a five-year period.

A forecast was generated to model the expected growth of the three CGUs. The following table sets out key
assumptions within the forecast:

 Cash generating unit                                         HBWC                     BMC                  PMC

 Discount Rate                                                  15%                    15%                  15%
 Terminal growth rate                                            2%                     2%                   2%
 EBITDA Growth                                                  15%                    10%                  10%

In 2021 an assessment was undertaken for HBWC only using the same key assumptions.

The value-in-use is estimated to exceed the carrying amount of HBWC by $4.1 million of BMC by $0.3 million
and PMC by $0.9 million. As such, there has been no impairment of the asset during the year.

The Directors do not believe that a reasonably possible change in a key assumption (described above) would
cause the carrying value of the CGUs to exceed their recoverable amount.

18.3.    Other intangible assets

Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated
amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is recognised on a straight-line basis over their

                                                                                                                  43
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each
reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis.

As a result of the acquisition of general practices, separately identified Intangible assets have been recognised
from the patient enrolled database of the general practices and an ongoing funding agreement with the
Primary Health Organisations (PHOs).

                                                            Patient database       PHO agreement            Total
                                                Note                    $000                $000            $000
 Cost:
 Balance at 31 March 2021                                                   208              326             534
 Additions                                      19.2                        336              460             796
 Balance at 31 March 2022                                                   544              786           1,330


                                                            Patient database       PHO agreement            Total
                                                                        $000                $000            $000
 Accumulated depreciation:
 Balance at 31 March 2021                                                   (62)            (98)            (160)
 Amortisation expense                                                       (24)            (39)             (63)
 Balance at 31 March 2022                                                   (86)           (137)            (223)


 Carrying amount at 31 March 2022                                           458              649           1,107
 Carrying amount at 31 March 2021                                           146              228             374


The patient database and PHO agreement are amortised on a straight-line basis over ten years.



19.Business Combinations
19.1.    Group composition

The parent entity is Third Age Health Services Limited, a company incorporated in New Zealand.

The Group had the following subsidiaries as at 31 March 2022:

                                                                               Ownership              Ownership
 Subsidiary name                                 Country of incorporation          2022                   2021
 Hawkes Bay Wellness Centre Limited (HBWC)       New Zealand                        100%                   100%
 Belmont Medical Centre Limited                  New Zealand                        100%                       -
 Ponsonby Medical (Third Age Health) Limited     New Zealand                        100%                       -
 Third Age Employee Share Purchase Plan Trust    New Zealand                        100%                   100%

19.2.    Acquisitions

During the financial year ended 31 March 2022 the Company completed two acquisitions of general practices,
to support the Group’s future growth strategy, which revolves around providing a consistent primary health
service as people move from community living into the aged care setting. The acquisition of local general



                                                                                                               44
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

practices plays an essential part in this, to expand Third Age Health’s offer to people in the local community
and those living independently in retirement villages.

Belmont Medical Centre
The Group acquired Belmont Medical Centre (BMC) on 11 October 2021 for an acquisition price of $0.17
million by acquiring the share capital of the practice. The results of the practice since acquisition are included
in these Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March 2022, contributing $276,808 to Group
revenues and $6,889 to Group EBITDA.

If the acquisition of BMC had occurred at the beginning of the reporting period, it is estimated that revenues
of $0.6 million would have been included in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income. NZ IFRS
accounting matters identified post-acquisition make it impractical to ascertain the profit/loss that would have
resulted if the acquisition had occurred at the beginning of the reporting period.

Ponsonby Medical (Third Age Health) Limited
The Group acquired the assets and business of Ponsonby Medical Centre (PMC) on 31 March 2022, through a
new wholly owned Group entity. As the acquisition was completed on 31 March 2022 there is no material
impact on the results for the current year. Given the short timeframe since acquisition date and the
complexity involved, the accounting for the business combination under NZ IFRS 3 Business Combinations has
not been finalised as at the date of this report.

The Company will report the impact of the acquisition on the Group in the Annual Consolidated Financial
Statements for the year ending 31 March 2023.

If the acquisition of PMC had occurred at the beginning of the reporting period, it is estimated that revenues of
$1.0 million would have been included in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income. NZ IFRS
accounting matters identified post-acquisition make it impractical to ascertain the profit/loss that would have
resulted if the acquisition had occurred at the beginning of the reporting period.

Details of the fair value of identifiable assets and liabilities acquired purchase consideration and goodwill are
as follows:



                                                 Belmont                   Ponsonby                          Total
                                            Medical Centre             Medical Centre
                                                     $000                       $000                         $000

 Consideration transferred
 Cash                                                  171                        800                         971
 Total consideration
 transferred                                           171                        800                         971


                                                      $000                       $000                        $000

 Current assets
 Cash and receivables                                   40                           -                           40


                                                                                                                    45
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022


                                               Belmont                   Ponsonby                          Total
                                          Medical Centre             Medical Centre
                                                   $000                       $000                         $000

 Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment                          7                         5                          12
 Intangible Assets                                   212                         584                        796
 Total assets acquired                               259                         589                        848

 Non-current liability
 Accruals and employee
 benefits                                            (42)                          -                        (42)

 Non-current liability

 Deferred tax liability                              (59)                     (164)                        (223)

 Total net assets acquired                           158                         425                        583

 Goodwill                                               13                       375                        388


An assessment of goodwill is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is an indication
that the unit may be impaired, (note 18.2). Legal expenses reported in note 9 include $30,342 in respect of
acquisition activity during the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: Nil).



20.Trade and other payables
Current

                                                                          2022                             2021
                                                                          $000                             $000
 Trade payables                                                            340                              333
 GST payable                                                               109                              103
 Withholding tax payable                                                    10                                -
 Accruals and other payables                                               209                              156
                                                                           668                              592

Non-current
                                                                                 2022                      2021
                                                 Note                            $000                      $000
 Liability for cash settled options              24.2                               7                          -
 Accruals and other payables                                                       22                          -
                                                                                   29                          -

Current trade payables are typically paid within 30 days of the invoice date or on the 20th of the month
following the invoice date.




                                                                                                              46
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022


21.Financial instruments
                                                                                        2022                   2021
    Financial assets                                      Notes                         $000                   $000
    Financial assets at amortised cost
    Cash and cash equivalents                               14                          1,124                 1,829
    Trade receivables                                       15                            343                   314
    Loan receivable                                         16                            313                   356

    Financial liabilities
    Financial liabilities at amortised cost
    Trade payables and accruals                             20                            549                   489
    Employee share purchase loans                          24.1                            75                   345

21.1.        Fair value measurements

As at 31 March 2022 and 2021, the Group has no financial assets nor liabilities measured at fair value.



22.Financial risks
This note presents information about the Group's exposure to each financial risk and how those risks are
managed.

22.1.        Market risk

The Group has no material exposure to foreign currency risk nor interest rate risk as the Group has no
borrowings at this time.

22.2.        Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk of the failure of a debtor or counterparty to honour its contractual obligation resulting in
ﬁnancial loss to the Group.

Financial assets, which potentially subject the Group to credit risk, consist principally of cash and cash
equivalents, trade and other receivables, and loan receivables. The maximum credit risk at 31 March 2022 is
the carrying value of these assets on the balance sheet. The directors consider the Group's exposure to credit
risk from cash and cash equivalents and trade and other receivables to be minimal given that
•      The Group's cash and cash equivalents are held with Westpac, BNZ, ASB and Kiwibank. Westpac, BNZ and
       ASB are all rated AA- based on rating agency Standard & Poors. Standard & Poors no longer rate Kiwibank,
       but rating from Moody’s Investor Services and Fitch Ratings are A1 and AA respectively
•      Following a review of banking services, the Group will be transitioning its major banking arrangements to
       the ANZ during the year ending 31 March 2023. Standard & Poors rating for ANZ is AA-.
•      The Group's customers are typically low credit risk and, historically, there has been minimal bad debt
       expense recorded.




                                                                                                                   47
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

There is a higher credit risk associated with the Loan Receivable due from Third Age Digital Health Limited
(note 16).

22.3.     Liquidity risk

The Group manages liquidity to ensure that it has suﬃcient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due.
Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the board of directors. The Group manages
liquidity risk through continuous cash management and monitoring of forecast and actual cash flows.

22.4.     Maturity profile

The following table details the Group’s exposure to liquidity risk.

Contractual maturity dates
                                                               Less than one    Greater than
                                               On demand                year       one year              Total
 Financial liabilities as at 31                     $000                $000           $000              $000
 March 2022:                      Notes

 Trade and other payables          20                     -             668                -              668
 Employee share purchase
 plan deposits                    24.1                  75                 -               -                  75

 Lease liabilities                 17                    -              111              977            1,088
                                                        75              779              977            1,831
                                                               Less than one    Greater than
                                               On demand                year       one year              Total
 Financial liabilities as at 31                     $000                $000           $000              $000
 March 2021:                      Notes

 Trade and other payables          20                    -              592                -              592
 Employee share purchase
 plan deposits                    24.1                 345                 -               -              345

 Lease liabilities                 17                    -               53             180               233
                                                       345              645             180             1,170


Employee share purchase plan deposits relate to deposits received on partially repaid share plans (note 24.1).
The Group classifies these amounts as on demand as in the event that an employee leaves or is made
redundant or a contractor ceases to provide services then any repayments that have been made are returned.

22.5.     Capital risk management

The Group manages its capital (comprising of cash and cash equivalents) to ensure that entities in the Group
will be able to continue as going concerns while maximising the return to stakeholders through the
optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The Group is funded through existing cash reserves at this time.
Management's current expectation is additional investments will be funded through existing cash reserves or
external borrowing. For the year ended 31 March 2022, the Group was not subject to any externally imposed
capital requirements. Subsequent to year end the Company entered into a $3 million debt facility with ANZ
Bank Limited (note 27.3)


                                                                                                               48
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022


23.Share Capital
Ordinary shares
All ordinary shares rank equally with one vote attached to each fully paid share. Total issued share capital is
10,000,000 ordinary shares. As at 31 March 2022, of the total number of issued shares, 50,000 (2021: 250,000)
were held in trust for specific participants under the Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP, note 24.1).
Accordingly, the shares are not tradeable on the NZX until they vest.

Third Age Employee Share Purchase Plan Trust
The Company has established a Share Trust, the Third Age Employee Share Purchase Plan Trust. The Share
Trust holds shares in the Company on trust for participants in the Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP). The
Share Trust is controlled by the Company and is therefore consolidated in these Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Treasury shares and shares held in Trust
At 1 April 2020, the Company held 152,600 ordinary shares as Treasury Shares which were all re-issued during
the year ended 31 March 2021 as part of a share placements that year, prior to the Company joining the NZX.
Shares held by the Share Trust are treated as treasury stock and not included within the Group number of
shares on issue.

At 1 April 2020 there were 838,804 shares held, 508,804 in a pool and 330,000 held for specific participants of
the Third Age Employee Share Purchase Plan Trust (“Trust”). During the year ended 31 March 2021, all
508,804 shares held in the pool were issued to shareholders and 80,000 shares were issued to a Trust
participant prior to the Company joining the NZX. Further details of the shares held and the movements in
respect of Trust participants are provided in note 24.1.


24.Share Based Payments
24.1.    Employee share purchase plan (ESPP)

The Company operates an employee share purchase plan ('ESPP') for certain employees and contractors
('participants'). Under the SPP, participants are provided with a “loan” to purchase an agreed number of
shares in the Company at a share price established by the Board. The share price is estimated by the Board
based on their assessment of the fair value of the Company at the time. The loans are typically for a 36- or 60-
month term, interest free with monthly repayments. They are secured against the shares. The shares are held
on trust by the Third Age Employee Share Purchase Plan Trust until such time as the loans are fully repaid.
Participants are permitted to repay the loans at any time. In the event that an employee leaves or is made
redundant or a contractor ceases to provide services then any repayments that have been made are returned
and the allotted shares are returned to the pool.

Under NZ IFRS 2 Share-based payment, this type of arrangement is accounted for as an 'in substance' share
option - an equity settled share-based payment. The loans are not recognised as assets of the Company as
they are only secured against the underlying shares and are considered limited in recourse. Instead, the fair
value of the arrangement is calculated at grant date and is recognised over the vesting period of the
arrangement as a share-based payment expense in profit or loss and accumulated in the share-based payment


                                                                                                              49
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

reserve. The share options vest immediately as there are no service or performance conditions and
participants are able to repay their loans in full at any time and have their shares issued. Partial repayments
made under the loans are recorded as a liability until such time as the loan is repaid in full at which time the
shares are issued, and amounts are recognised as share capital in equity.

                                                                                    2022                     2021
                                                                                    $000                     $000
    Deposits received on partially repaid share plans                                 75                      345
                                                                                      75                      345


Movements in shares held on behalf of participants during the year

                                                                                            Weighted average share
                                                                       Number of shares             purchase price
                                                                                    000's                        $
    Balance at 1 April 2021                                                           250                     1.67
    Fully paid and issued during the year                                           (200)                     1.71
    Balance at 31 March 2022                                                           50                     1.51


    Balance at 1 April 2020                                                          330                      1.65
    Fully paid and issued during the year                                            (80)                     1.57
    Balance at 31 March 2021                                                         250                      1.67


In November 2021 200,000 shares priced at $1.71 vested. As a result the deposits received in respect of those
shares was transferred to share capital and the 200,000 shares were transferred from the Third Age Employee
Share Purchase Plan Trust in to the name of the participant.

The share purchase price for shares held on behalf of participants at 31 March 2022 was $1.51 (2021: $1.51 -
$1.71). There were no share rights granted under the ESSP during the year ended 31 March 2022 (2021: Nil).
As at 31 March 2022 50,000 options remain unvested (2021: 250,000 options).

24.2.       Employee Share Option Plan (ESOP)

On the 4 September 2021 (grant date) the Board approved the offer of 300,000 options under a Company
Employee Share Option Plan (ESOP) to the CEO, Tony Wai on the following terms:

•      The options were issued at an exercise price of $2.36, based on the Volume Weighted Average Price
       (VWAP) for the Company’s shares on the NZX for the 20 Business Days prior to 27 September 2021 (the
       date the CEO commenced employment).
•      The Options will vest in three tranches, 60,000, 90,000 and 150,000.
•      Vesting is subject to continued employment and agreed performance targets achieved by 27 September
       2024, 27 September 2025, and 27 September 2026.
•      the expiry date of the options will be one year after the date of vesting.

Under the terms of the ESOP there is an option to settle a portion of option in cash, primarily to offset any
income tax liability arising at the time the employee exercises their options. Given current income tax rates it

                                                                                                                   50
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

has been concluded a 39% tax rate will apply. Based on that assumption it is assumed that 39% of each
tranche of options should be treated as cash settled, the remainder will be equity settled.

Equity-settled options
The total number of equity-settled options is 183,000, which were valued at grant date using the Monte Carlo
simulation valuation model. The fair value of the equity settled options is $43,920 which will be expensed over
the vesting periods for each tranche. The weighted average fair value of the equity settled options is $0.24.

Key estimates and judgements at grant date
The value was calculated using the following significant inputs into the model.
•   A share price of $2.24 at the grant date.
•   An exercise price simulated to determine a VWAP for the 20 days to 27 September 2021.
•   A share volatility of 32.5%, based on daily share price movements since the Company listed on 15
    February 2021.
•   A dividend yield based on actual dividends issued and assuming a 15% growth rate.
•   A risk-free interest rate of 1.45%.

The total amount of fair value recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income up to 31
March 2022 was $6,275 with the corresponding entry in the Share Based Payments Reserve.

The weighted average contractual life of the equity-settled options on 31 March 2022 is 67 months.

Cash-settled options
The total number of cash-settled options is 117,000 which were valued at grant date using the same inputs as
with the equity settled options. The value at grant date was $28,080, with a weighted average fair value of
$0.24.

Under NZ IFRS for cash-settled options, the Company shall remeasure the fair value of the liability to settle the
options for cash at the end of each full year and half year reporting period and at the date of settlement, with
any changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss for the period.

The fair value of the cash-settled options was remeasured under the Monte Carlo Method as of 31 March
2022. The value at that date was $46,332, with the weighted average fair value of the equity settled options
being $0.396.

Key estimates and judgements as of 31 March 2022
The remeasured value was calculated using the following significant inputs into the model.
•   The valuation date of 31 March 2022.
•   A share price at valuation date of $2.84.
•   An exercise price of $2.36 being the exercise price of 27 September 2021.
•   A share volatility of 29.7%, based on daily share price movements since the Company listed on 15
    February 2021.
•   A dividend yield based on actual dividends issued and assuming a 15% growth rate.
•   A risk-free interest rate of 3.16%.

                                                                                                               51
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

The total amount of fair value recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income up to 31
March 2022 was $6,501 with the corresponding entry for the liability under Trade and other payables (non-
current) (note 20).

The weighted average contractual life of the cash-settled options on 31 March 2022 is 67 months.

24.3.    Share based payments expense

                                                                                 2022                            2021
                                                                                 $000                            $000
 Employee share option plan:
 Share based payments expense equity-settled                                         6                                  -
 Share based payments expense cash-settled                                           7                                  -

 Employee share purchase plan                                                        -                                  -
                                                                                    13                                  -



25.Related party transactions
25.1.    Group composition

The Group is comprised of the following entities:

 Subsidiary name                                      Country of incorporation                   2022           2021
 Hawkes Bay Wellness Centre Limited (HBWC)                   New Zealand                         100%           100%
 Belmont Medical Centre Limited                              New Zealand                         100%              -
 Ponsonby Medical (Third Age Health) Limited                 New Zealand                         100%             -
 Third Age Employee Share Purchase Plan Trust                New Zealand                         100%           100%


Investments

The Group's ownership interest in all subsidiaries and investments is equal to its proportion of voting rights
held. The Group has no restrictions relating to its ability to access or use the assets and settle the liabilities of
the Group. Devonport Family Medicine (Third Age Health) Limited was incorporated on 12 April 2022 as a
wholly owned subsidiary of Third Age Health Services Limited (note 27.2).

25.2.    Related party transactions

 Name of related party                                Nature of relationship     Transaction            2022            2021
                                                                                                        $000            $000
 Michael Haskell, CEO (resigned 30 September 2021)    Shareholder                Contractor fee          132             261
                                                                                 Bonus accruals          (23)            123
                                                                                 Shares                     -            100
 Bevan Walsh                                          Director & Shareholder     Director fees             12             12
 John Fernandes                                       Director & Shareholder     Director fees            40                18
 Norah Barlow                                         Director & Shareholder     Director fees            38                18


                                                                                                                    52
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022

 Name of related party                             Nature of relationship   Transaction         2022           2021
                                                                                                $000           $000
 Wayne Williams (appointed 10 June 2021)           Director                 Director fees         29              -
 Diane Budres (appointed 14 September 2021)        Director & Shareholder   Director fees         7               -
 David Kerr (resigned 29 October 2020)             Director & Shareholder   Director fees          -            12


Directors’ fees for John Fernandes, Norah Barlow and Wayne Williams for the year ended 31 March 2022 also
includes fees as members of the Audit Committee. John Fernandes, Chair receives a fee of $5,000 per annum,
while Norah Barlow and Wayne Williams each receive a fee of $2,500 per annum. The amounts to Norah
Barlow and Wayne Williams remained unpaid as of 31 March 2022.

Directors’ fees for the year ended 31 March 2021 of $59,500 for services rendered during the period includes
$36,000 of shares in the Parent in compensation for services rendered during the period.

Loan receivable from Third Age Digital Health Limited (TADH) (note 16)

Bevan Walsh (Director and Shareholder), Michael Haskell (former CEO, resigned 30 September 2021 and
Shareholder) and Diane Budres (Director and Shareholder) are all shareholders of TADH which has a loan due
to Company (see note 16). Michael Haskell is also a Director of TADH. Bevan Walsh resigned as a director of
TADH on 20 December 2021.

25.3.    Key management personnel compensation
                                                                                 2022                   2021
 Short term benefits:                                                            $000                   $000
 CEO remuneration
 Tony Wai                                                                         151                      -
 Michael Haskell (resigned 30 September 2021)                                     110                    483
                                                                                  261                    483

 Other key management personnel                                                   436                    182
                                                                                  697                    665


CEO remunerations in 2022 includes remuneration for Tony Wai, CEO and former CEO Michael Haskell who
resigned on 30 September 2021.

In 2021 Directors’ remuneration of $59,500 was included in Other key management personnel. This number is
now disclosed under Related Party Transactions (note 25.2).

CEO long term incentive

On 4 September 2021, the Company entered into a long-term employee share option plan with CEO, Tony Wai
(note 24.2). The costs attributable to the options during the financial year are disclosed in note 24.3.

26.Contingent liabilities and contingent assets
The Group has no contingent liabilities or contingent assets as at 31 March 2022 (2021: Nil).




                                                                                                           53
Third Age Health Services Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2022


27.Subsequent events
27.1.   Final dividend declared

On 30 May 2022 the Board declared a final dividend for the year of 4.05 cents per share taking the total
dividend for the year to 8.57 cents per share.

27.2.   Acquisition of Devonport Family Medicine

On 2 May 2022 the Company acquired the business and assets of Devonport Family Medicine (DFM) for cash
consideration of $0.4 million and was acquired as a continuation of the Group’s growth strategy, a key
acquisition which will enable the Company to continue to develop the model of healthcare for older people.

Given the short timeframe since acquisition date and the complexity involved, the accounting for the business
combination under NZ IFRS 3 Business Combinations has not been finalised as at the date of this report. The
Company will report the impact of the acquisition on the Group in the Interim Financial Statements for the six
months ending 30 September 2022.

The acquisition of DFM has no impact on the results presented in these Consolidated Financial Statements for
the year ended 31 March 2022, given the acquisition occurred after the end of the reporting period.

27.3.   ANZ loan facility

Subsequent to year end the Company entered into a $3 million debt facility with ANZ Bank New Zealand
Limited to provide capital to support the Group’s planned acquisition strategy.

Key terms of the facility are:
• Amount: $3 million.
• Lender: ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited.
• Borrower: Third Age Health Services Limited.
• Guarantors: Third Age Health Services Limited and Group trading companies
• Term: 2 years.
• Covenants: A Debt-to-EBITDA (based on 12 “months” results) is capped at two times, tested at each
    reporting date.
• Security: a first ranking security over the borrower and guarantors which includes cross guarantee and
    indemnity of debt.

The loan was drawn to fund the acquisition of Devonport Family Medicine and will be utilised for future
acquisitions.



No other matter or circumstances has occurred subsequent to year end that has significantly affected or may
affect, the operations of the Group, the results of those operations or the state of affairs of the entity in
subsequent financial years.




                                                                                                             54
Independent auditor’s report to the Shareholders of Third Age Health Services
Limited

Opinion
We have audited the financial statements of Third Age Health Services Limited (“the Company”) and its
subsidiaries (together “the Group”) on pages 22 to 54, which comprise the consolidated statement of
financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2022, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the
year then ended of the Group, and the notes to the consolidated financial statements including a
summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements on pages 22 to 54 present fairly, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2022 and its consolidated
financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with New Zealand
equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards and International Financial Reporting
Standards.

This report is made solely to the Company's shareholders, as a body. Our audit has been undertaken so
that we might state to the Company's shareholders those matters we are required to state to them in an
auditor's report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or
assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company's shareholders, as a body,
for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.

Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand). Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the
Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report.

We are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 International
Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners (including International Independence Standards) (New
Zealand) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards Board, and we have fulfilled our
other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
our opinion.

Other than in our capacity as auditor we have no relationship with, or interest in, the Company or any of
its subsidiaries. Partners and employees of our firm may deal with the Group on normal terms within the
ordinary course of trading activities of the business of the Group.

Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion
thereon, but we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our
description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
financial statements section of the audit report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our
audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of



A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
material misstatement of the financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the
procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.

Revenue

  Why significant                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matter

  Revenue is a key focus of shareholders and       In obtaining our audit evidence we:
  management in measuring the Group’s
  progress towards its growth objectives.          ►   considered management’s assessment of the
                                                       Group’s contracts with customers, the related
  The Group’s principal revenue stream, the            performance obligations and the resultant
                                                       revenue recognition approach;
  provision of consultation services, continues
  to be recognised at the point in time at which
                                                   ►   assessed the Group’s revenue recognition
  the service is provided.                             accounting policies and procedures against the
                                                       requirements of NZ IFRS 15 Revenue from
  The Group’s other significant revenue stream,        Contracts with Customers;
  the provision of capitation services, is
  recognised over time as the service is           ►   analysed the correlation between the Group’s
  provided. As billing takes place on a monthly        recorded revenue and movements in accounts
  basis there is no deferral of revenues.              receivable and cash using data analysis
                                                       techniques;
  Disclosures in relation to the Group’s revenue
  are included in Note 5 to the consolidated       ►   selected a sample of revenue transactions
  financial statements.                                recorded around period end and assessed
                                                       whether they had been recorded in the correct
                                                       period; and

                                                   ►   evaluated whether the disclosures in relation
                                                       to revenue were in compliance with the
                                                       disclosure requirements of NZ IFRS 15
                                                       Revenue from Contracts with Customers.




A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Information other than the financial statements and auditor’s report
The Directors of the company are responsible for the Annual Report, which includes information other
than the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do
not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained during the audit, or otherwise
appears to be materially misstated.

If, based upon the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Directors’ responsibilities for the financial statements
The Directors are responsible, on behalf of the entity, for the preparation and fair presentation of the
consolidated financial statements in accordance with New Zealand equivalents to International Financial
Reporting Standards and International Financial Reporting Standards, and for such internal control as
the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing on behalf
of the entity the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either
intend to liquidate the Group or cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s
report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a
guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New
Zealand) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud
or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.

A further description of the auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located
at the External Reporting Board’s website: https://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards-for-assurance-
practitioners/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-1/. This description forms part of our auditor’s
report.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Graeme Bennett




Chartered Accountants
Auckland
17 June 2022

A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
58
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

The objective of the Board of Third Age Health Services Limited (“the Company”) is to enhance shareholder
value. The Board considers there is a strong link between good corporate governance and the achievement of
this objective.

The company seeks to follow the best-practice recommendations for listed companies to the extent that it is
appropriate to the size and nature of the Company’s operations. The best practice principles which the
Company considers in its governance approach are the New Zealand Exchange (NZX) Listing Rules relating to
corporate governance, and the NZX Corporate Governance Code (NZCGC), and the Financial Market
Authority’s Corporate Governance Principles and Guidelines, (altogether “Principles”).

The Board considers that its corporate governance framework complies with NZCGC recommendation, except
as stated within this report. This report is presented by addressing the eight principles and the associated
recommendations of the NZCGC.

The information in this report is current as at the date of release of the Annual Report for the year ended 31
March 2022 and has been approved by the Board.

The key corporate governance documents referred to in this report are available under the investors section of
the Company’s website at https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz



Principle 1 – Code of Ethical Behaviour
Recommendation 1.1
“The Board should document minimum standards of ethical behaviour to which the issuer’s directors and
employees are expected to adhere (a code of ethics).
The code of ethics and where to find it should be communicated to the issuer’s employees. Training should be
provided regularly. The standards may be contained in a single policy document or more than one policy.
The code of ethics should outline internal reporting procedures for any breach of ethics, and describe the
issuer’s’ expectations about behaviour, namely that every director and employee:
a. acts honestly and with personal integrity in all actions;
b. declares conflicts of interest and proactively advises of any potential conflicts;
c. undertakes proper receipt and use of corporate information, assets and property;
d. in the case of directors, give proper attention to the matters before them;
e. acts honestly and in the best interest of the issuer, as required by law, and takes account of interests of
     shareholders and other stakeholders;
f. adheres to any procedures around giving and receiving gifts (for example where gifts are given that are of
     value in order to influence employees and directors, such gifts should not be accepted);
g. adheres to any procedures about whistle blowing (for example, where actions of a whistle blower have
     complied with the issuer’s procedures, an issuer should protect and support the, whether or not action is
     taken): and
h. manages breaches of the code”

The Company complies with this recommendation, though the Code of Ethics was published in March 2022.
Directors observe and foster high ethical standards. The Company expects its Directors, officers, and
employees to act legally, to maintain high ethical standards, and to act with integrity consistent with the
Company’s policies, guiding principles and values. The Company adopts policies to ensure it maintains high
standards of performance and behaviour when dealing with the Company’s customers, suppliers, shareholders




                                                                                                                 59
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

and staff. The specific governance policies in place throughout the year were a Diversity and Inclusion policy,
Market Disclosure Policy and the Financial Products Trading policy.

The Code of Ethics can be found on the investor section of the Company’s website
(https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).

Recommendation 1.2
“An issuer should have a financial product dealing policy which applies to employees and directors.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. The Financial Products Trading Policy can be found on the
investor section of the Company’s website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz/).



Principle 2 - Board composition & Performance
Recommendation 2.1
“The board of the issuer should operate under a written charter which set out the roles and responsibilities of
the board. The board charter should clearly distinguish and disclose the respective roles and responsibilities of
the board and management.”

The Company complies with this recommendation, with the board operating under a Board charter which is
available on the investor section of the Company’s website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).

Recommendation 2.2
“Every issuer should have a procedure for the nomination and appointment of directors to the board.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. The Board has decided that these functions will be carried
out by the main board within the terms of reference of this Board Charter. A copy of the Board Charter is
available on the investor section on the Company’s website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).

Recommendation 2.3
“An issuer should enter into written agreements with each newly appointed director establishing the terms of
their appointment.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. All current Directors and senior executives have entered
into written agreements with the Company setting out the terms of their appointment. In accordance with the
NZX Listing Rules, all Directors are required to retire (though may be re-elected) not later than the third annual
meeting following the Director’s appointment, or after three years, whichever is longer. Any Directors
appointed by the Board since the previous annual meeting must also retire and are eligible for election.

Recommendation 2.4
“Every issuer should disclose information about each director in its annual report or on its website, including
profile of experience, length of service, independence and ownership interest and director attendance at Board
meetings.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. The biographies of the Directors are available in this
Annual Report and on the Company’s website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).


With regard to Board meeting attendance, the Board meets as often as it deems appropriate, including
sessions to review the performance of the business, to consider the strategic direction and to approve annual

                                                                                                                  60
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

budgets. As is common nowadays, video conferences are mostly used which also suits the dispersed nature of
the Board and management.

The table below sets out Director attendance at Board meetings during FY22, including meetings to approve
strategic plans, budgets and the release of annual and half year results.

 Director                                                           Number of meetings       Number of meetings
                                                                      eligible to attend               attended
 Bevan John Walsh                                                                     9                        9
 John Samuel Ronny Fernandes                                                          9                        9
 Norah Kathleen Barlow                                                                9                        9
 Wayne Geoffrey Williams (appointed 10 June 2021)                                     8                        8
 Diane Lynn Budres (appointed 14 September 2021)                                      5                        5

Recommendation 2.5
“An issuer should have a written diversity policy which includes requirements for the board or a relevant
committee of the board to set measurable objectives for achieving diversity (which at a minimum should
address gender diversity) and to assess annually both the objectives and the entity’s progress in achieving
them. The issuer should disclose the policy or a summary of it.”

The company complies with this recommendation, though is still developing measurable diversity and
inclusion objectives that it can review and report against annually. A written policy can be found on the
investor section of the Company’s website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).

NZX listed issuers are required to report quantitative data on the gender breakdown of Directors and Officers
at the financial year end. The policy behind the rule is to provide information to allow investors to maintain an
informed view of diversity as a factor relevant to an Issuer’s expected performance.

As at 31 March 2022 the mix of male and female of the Board and Company’s Key Management Personnel (the
CEO and persons that report to the CEO) was as follows:


                                                     2022                                  2021
                                                     Male          Female                  Male         Female
 Non-executive Directors                                3               2                     2              1

 Key Management Personnel                                4                5                   2                2

Recommendation 2.6
“Directors should undertake appropriate training to remain current on how to best perform their duties as
directors of an issuer.”

Members of the Board undertake regular professional training to remain current on how best to perform their
duties. The Company encourages all Directors to undertake appropriate training and education so that they
may best perform their duties. This may include attending presentations on changes in governance, legal and
regulatory frameworks; attending technical and professional development courses; site visits and briefings
from key executives; and attending presentations from industry experts and key advisers.




                                                                                                               61
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

Recommendation 2.7
“The Board should have a procedure to regularly assess director, board, and committee performance.”

The Board have introduced an assessment process to enable an annual assessment of the Directors, and the
Board plus senior executives. The Board considers individual and collective performance, together with the
skill sets, training and development and succession planning required to govern the business.

Recommendation 2.8
“A majority of the Board should be independent directors.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. In determining directors’ independence, the Board has
applied factors outlined in the commentary to Corporate Governance Code recommendation 2.4.

The Board currently comprises five Directors, three of whom are independent:
    • Bevan John Walsh, Chairman, Non-independent Director.
    • John Samuel Ronny Fernandes, Independent Director.
    • Norah Kathleen Barlow, Independent Director.
    • Wayne Williams, Independent Director (appointed 10 June 2021).
    • Diane Budres, Non-independent Director (appointed 14 September 2021).

Directors’ interests disclosed for the financial year ended 31 March 2022 are provided in the Shareholder and
Statutory Information section of this Annual Report.

Recommendation 2.9
“An issuer should have an independent chair of the Board. If the chair is not independent, the chair and the
CEO should be different people.”

During the year ended 31 March 2022, the Company partly complied with this recommendation noting that
the chair is not independent, but the chair and CEO are different people. The Board has determined that Bevan
John Walsh (Chair) is not independent by virtue of his significant shareholding. However, the Board considers
that the skills and experience provided by Mr. Walsh and the alignment of interests with other shareholders
outweigh any benefits of the recommendation that the chair be independent. The Board further considers
that despite Mr. Walsh being non independent the majority of the other Directors are independent non-
executive Directors and so there is sufficient openness and challenging of opinions to ensure a diversity of
views are considered by the Board, and the Chairman’s independent decision making is not compromised.

It was announced to the NZX on 30 May 2022 that Bevan Walsh will be stepping down as Chair and that John
Fernandes (Independent Director) will be appointed as Chair at the conclusion of the forthcoming Annual
General Meeting.



Principle 3 – Board Committees
Recommendation 3.1
“An issuer’s audit committee should operate under a written charter. Membership on the audit committee
should be a majority of independent directors and comprise solely on non-executive directors of the issuer. The
Chair of the audit committee should be an independent director and not the chair of the board.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. The board operates an Audit Committee which provides a
forum for the effective communication between the Board and external auditors. The Committee reviews the


                                                                                                               62
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

annual and half-yearly financial statements, prior to their approval by the Board, the effectiveness of internal
control, the Company finance function, information systems, and the efficiency and effectiveness of the audit
function.

During the year ended 31 March 2022 the Committee comprised of John Fernandes (Chair and Independent
Director), Norah Barlow (Independent Director) and Wayne Williams (Independent director), appointed
following his appointment to the Board on 10 June 2021. Bevan Walsh (Non-independent Director) resigned
from the Committee on 18 October 2021. The Audit Committee Charter can be found on the investors section
of the Company’s website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).

It was announced to the NZX on 30 May 2022 that John Fernandes (Audit Committee Chair and Independent
Director) will be appointed as Chair of the Board at the conclusion of the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.
Wayne Williams (Independent Director) will take over as Audit Committee Chair and John Fernandes will
remain a member of the Committee.

The table below sets out Director’s attendance at Audit Committee meetings during FY22.

 Director                                                          Number of meetings        Number of meetings
                                                                     eligible to attend                attended
 John Samuel Ronny Fernandes                                                          3                        3
 Norah Kathleen Barlow                                                                3                        3
 Wayne Geoffrey Williams (appointed 10 June 2021)                                     3                        3
 Bevan John Walsh (resigned 18 October 2021)                                          1                        1


Recommendation 3.2
“Employees should only attend the audit committee at the invitation of the audit committee.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. Employees and other non- members of the committee
only attend by invitation.

Recommendation 3.3
“An issuer should have a remuneration committee which operates under a written charter (unless this is carried
out by the whole board). At least a majority of the remuneration committee should be independent directors”.

Given the size and nature of the Board there is no standing committees for remuneration, but the Board has
decided that these functions will be carried out by the main Board within the terms of reference of the Board
Charter. A copy of the Board Charter is available on the investors section of the Company’s website
(https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).

Recommendation 3.4
“An issuer should establish a nominations committee to recommend director appointments to the Board
(unless this is carried out by the whole Board) which should operate under a written charter. At least a
majority of the nominations committee should be independent directors.”

Given the size and nature of the Board there is no standing committees for nominations, but the Board has
decided that these functions will be carried out by the main board within the terms of reference of the Board
Charter. A copy of the Board Charter is available on the investor section of the Company’s website
(https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).


                                                                                                               63
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

Recommendation 3.5
“An issuer should consider whether it is appropriate to have any other board committees as standing
committees. All committees should operate under written charters. An issuer should identify the members of
each of its committees, and periodically report member attendance.”

The Board will continue to access the requirements for further standing committees. The Board will use
standing committees where this will enhance its effectiveness in key areas, while still retaining Board
responsibility.

Recommendation 3.6
“The board should establish appropriate protocols that set out the procedure to be followed if there is a
takeover offer for the issuer including any communication between insiders and the bidder. The board should
disclose the scope of independent advisory reports to shareholder. These protocols should disclose the option of
establishing an independent takeover committee, and the likely composition and implementation of an
independent takeover committee.”

In the case of a takeover offer, the Company will form an Independent Takeover Committee to oversee
disclosure and response and engage expert legal and financial advisors to provide advice on procedure. The
Company does not have a formal Takeover Response Policy at this stage and so is not compliant with this
recommendation.



Principle 4 - Reporting and disclosure
Recommendation 4.1
“The issuer’s board should have written continuous disclosure policy.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. The Company’s directors are committed to keeping
investors and the market informed of all material information about the Company and its performance, in a
timely manner. The company has adopted a Market Disclosure Policy to ensure that material information is
identified, reported, assessed and, where required, disclosed to the market in a timely manner. A copy of the
Policy is available on the investors section of the Company’s website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).

Recommendation 4.2
“An issuer should make its code of ethics, board and committee charters and the policies recommended in the
NZX Code, together with any other key governance documents, available on its website.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. Published policies and charters are found the investor
section of the Company’s website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).

Recommendation 4.3
“Financial reporting should be balanced, clear and objective. An issuer should provide non-financial disclosures
at least annually, including considering environmental, economic, and social factors and practices. It should
explain how operational or non-financial targets are measured. Non-financial reporting should be informative,
include forward looking assessments, and align with key strategies and metrics monitored by the board.”

In addition to all information required by law, the Company also seeks to provide meaningful information to
ensure stakeholders and investors are well informed, including financial and non-financial information.




                                                                                                              64
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

Financial Information
Senior Management is responsible for implementing and maintaining appropriate accounting and financial
reporting principles, policies, and internal controls designed to ensure compliance with accounting standards
and applicable laws and regulations.

The Board’s Audit Committee oversees the quality and integrity of external financial reporting, including the
accuracy, completeness, balance and timeliness of financial statements. It reviews the Company’s full and half
year financial statements and makes recommendations to the Board concerning accounting policies, areas of
judgement, compliance with accounting standards, stock exchange and legal requirements, and the results of
the external audit.

For the financial year ended 31 March 2022, the Directors believe that proper accounting records have been
kept that enable the determination of the Company’s financial position with reasonable accuracy and facilitate
compliance of the financial statements with the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.

The Company’ full and half year financial statements are available on the investor section of the Company’s
website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).

Non‑financial information
The Company sets out, reports against and discusses its strategic objectives in a variety of communications
including the Chair and CEO’s commentary in reports to shareholders.



Principle 5 – Remuneration
Recommendation 5.1
“An issuer should recommend director remuneration to shareholders for approval in a transparent manner.
Actual director remuneration should be clearly disclosed in the issuer’s annual report.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. Remuneration of Directors and senior executives is a key
responsibility of the Board. The Board ensures that remuneration is benchmarked to the market for, Director
and Board positions.

Recommendation 5.2
“An issuer should have a remuneration policy for remuneration of directors and officers, which outlines the
relative weightings of remuneration component and relevant performance criteria.”

The Company complies with this recommendation.

Director remuneration
The total remuneration pool available for Directors was fixed at listing at $150,000 per annum for all non-
executive Directors. This was applied to four directors and following the appointment of a fifth director on 14
September 2021 the pool was increased to $185,000 under Listing Rule 2.11.3. The Board determines the level
of remuneration paid to Directors from that pool. Directors also receive reimbursement for reasonable
travelling, accommodation and other expenses incurred in the course of performing their duties.




                                                                                                              65
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

Any proposed increases in pool of fees for non-executive Director fees and remuneration will be put to
shareholders for approval. If independent advice is sought by the Board, it will be disclosed to shareholders as
part of the approval process.

Board role approved remuneration
The fees payable to a non-executive Chair currently amount to $12,000 per annum plus a performance-based
fee of $23,000 payable on achievement of agreed growth targets. The fees payable to the Independent
Directors is $35,000 per annum. The Chair of the Audit Committee receives $5,000 per annum while members
receive $2,500 per annum.

Executive remuneration
In general, executive remuneration comprises a fixed base salary, an at-risk short-term incentive payable
annually linked to business performance and incentives linked to longer term share growth. At-risk incentives
are paid against targets agreed with executives at the commencement of the period and are based on financial
measures, mainly earnings targets.

Recommendation 5.3
“An issuer should disclose the remuneration arrangements in place for the CEO in its annual report. This should
include disclosure of base salary, short term incentives and long-term incentives and the performance criteria
used to determine performance-based payments.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. The CEO remuneration is detailed under note 25.3 of the
Consolidated Financial Statements.



Principle 6 - Risk Management
Recommendation 6.1
“An issuer should have a risk management framework for its business and the issuer’s board should receive and
review regular reports. An issuer should report the material risks facing the business and how these are being
managed.”

The Board has overall responsibility for the Company’s system of risk management and internal control. The
Board delegates day-to-day management of the risk to the CEO. In addition, the Audit Committee provides an
additional and more specialised oversight of the Company’s risks in addition to the oversight provided by the
Board.

Risk Identification
The senior management team is required to regularly identify the major risks affecting the business and
develop structures, practices, and processes to manage and monitor these risks. The CEO provides an updated
risk register at each Board meeting.

Insurance
The Company maintains insurance policies that it considers adequate to meet its insurable risks.

Recommendation 6.2
“An issuer should disclose how it manages its health and safety risks and should report on its health and safety
risks, performance and management.”




                                                                                                              66
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

The Company complies with this recommendation, with formal reporting to the board on its health and safety
risks, performance and management at Board meetings.



Principle 7 – Auditors
Recommendation 7.1
“The board should establish a framework for the issuer’s relationship with its external auditors. This should
include
a. For sustaining communication with the issuer’s external auditors;
b. To ensure that the ability of the external auditors to carry out their statutory audit role is not impaired, or
     could reasonably be conceived to be impaired;
c. To address what, if any services (whether by type or level) other than their statutory audit roles may be
     provided by the auditors to the issuer: and
d. To provide for the monitoring and approval by the issuer’s audit committee of any service provided to the
     issuer other than in their statutory audit role.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. The Board is committed to ensuring audit independence,
both in fact and appearance, so that the Company’s external financial reporting is viewed as being highly
objective and without bias. The Audit Committee reviews the quality and cost of the audit undertaken by the
Company’s external auditors and provides a formal channel of communication between the Board, senior
management, and external auditors.

The Audit Committee approves the auditor’s terms of engagement, audit partner rotation (at least every five
years) and audit fee and reviews and provides feedback in respect of the annual audit plan. The Audit
Committee periodically has time with the external auditor without management present. The Committee also
assesses the auditor’s independence on an annual basis.

All audit work of the Company is fully separated from non-audit services to ensure that appropriate
independence is maintained. There were no other services provided by EY in FY22. The amount of fees paid to
EY for audit and non-audit work are identified on note 9 of the Consolidated Finance Statements.

EY has provided the Committee with written confirmation that, in its view, it was able to operate
independently during the year.

Recommendation 7.2
“The eternal auditor should attend the issuer’s Annual Meeting to answer questions from shareholders in
relation to the audit.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. EY will be invited to attend the FY22 Annual Shareholders’
Meeting and will be available to answer questions from shareholders at the meeting.

Recommendation 7.3
“Internal audit functions should be disclosed.”

The Company has a number of internal controls which are overseen by the Audit Committee and/or the Board.
These include controls for business continuity management, insurance, health and safety, conflicts of interest,
and prevention and identification of fraud. Given the size of the business the Company does not have an




                                                                                                                 67
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

internal audit function but last year engaged professional advisors Deloitte to undertake a review of internal
controls and will consider undertaking further reviews in the future.



Principle 8 – Shareholder rights and relations
Recommendation 8.1
‘An issuer should have a website where investors and interested stakeholders can access financial and
operational information and key corporate governance information about the issuer.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. The Company’s website can be found at
https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz.

Recommendation 8.2
“An issuer should allow investors the ability to easily communicate with the issuer, including the option to
receive communications from the issuer electronically.”

The Company complies with this recommendation. The Board is committed to open and regular dialogue and
engagement with shareholders. The Company seeks to ensure that investors understand its activities by
communicating effectively with them and giving them access to clear and balanced information.

The Company has a calendar of communications and events for shareholders, including but not limited to:
• Half and full Year Results Announcements and Annual Report.
• Market announcements.
• Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.
• Scheduled and ad hoc investor presentations to institutional investors and retail brokers.
• Easy access to information through the Company’s website (https://www.thirdagehealth.co.nz).
• Access to management and the Board via a dedicated email address, investors@thirdagehealth.co.nz.

Recommendation 8.3
“Quoted equity security holders have the right to vote on major decisions which may change the nature of the
issuer in which they are invested.”

The Company complies with his recommendation. Shareholders are actively encouraged to attend the Annual
Shareholders’ Meeting and may raise matters for discussion at this event and may vote on major decisions that
affect the Company. Voting is by poll, upholding the ‘one share, one vote’ philosophy.

In accordance with the Companies Act 1993, the Company’s Constitution and the NZX Main Board Listing
Rules, the Company refers major decisions that may change the nature of the Company to shareholders for
approval. All shareholders are given the option to elect to receive electronic communications from the
Company. In addition to shareholders, the Company has a wide range of stakeholders and maintains open
channels of communication for all audiences, including brokers, the investing community, regulators, staff,
customers and suppliers.

Recommendation 8.4
“If seeking additional equity capital, issuers of quoted securities should offer further equity securities to existing
equity security holders of the same class on a pro rata basis and no less favourable before further equities are
offered to other investors.”




                                                                                                                   68
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate Governance

In the event that the Company will seek additional equity capital, the Company will seek to offer further equity
securities to existing equity security holders of the same class on a pro rata basis and no less favourable before
further equities are offered to other investors.

Recommendation 8.5
“The board should ensure that the notices of annual or special meetings of quoted equity security holders is
posted on the issuer’s website as soon as possible and at least 20 working days prior to the meeting.”

The Company has complied with this recommendation.




                                                                                                               69
Third Age Health Services Limited
Shareholder and statutory information


1. Additional information required under the NZX Listing Rules

Twenty largest registered shareholders as of 31 May 2022
The Company has one class of equities, Ordinary Shares listed on the NZX Main Board under the ticker code
TAH.

The following table shows the names and holdings of the 20 largest registered holdings of listed ordinary
shares of the Company on 31 May 2022.

 Shareholders                                                                        Shares held at   % of listed
                                                                                      31 May 2022        capital
 Bevan John Walsh                                                                        4,329,617      43.51%
 Michael Haskell & Associates Limited                                                    2,557,123      25.70%
 Timothy Grant Livingstone & Robert Peter Webber <W. W. Flaunty Family A/C>                820,500        8.25%
 New Zealand Depository Nominee <1 A/C>                                                    336,956        3.39%
 Diane Lynn Budres                                                                         248,392        2.50%
 Terence De Silva                                                                          200,500        2.02%
 Lenore Deirdre Bauer                                                                      156,500        1.57%
 Brian Hezelton Walsh                                                                      126,379        1.27%
 Jiahuan Fu                                                                                114,490        1.15%
 FNZ Custodians Limited                                                                    101,480        1.02%
 JSRF Limited                                                                               81,506        0.82%
 Custodial Services Limited <4 A/C>                                                         41,000        0.41%
 Bruce John Mccullagh                                                                       37,000        0.37%
 Dellow Nominees Limited                                                                    33,400        0.34%
 Gore Holdings Limited                                                                      25,000        0.25%
 John Franich & Sarah Franich <Franich Family A/C>                                          25,000        0.25%
 Norah Kathleen Barlow & Robert Noel Barlow <Kensington A/C>                                24,490        0.25%
 Dean Neil Edgerton & Nicole Tonnile Edgerton & William Desmond Edgerton <Edgerton          24,000        0.24%
 Family A/C>
 Arthur Smethurst & Brenda Smethurst & Leigh Smethurst <Excalibur A/C>                      23,000        0.23%
 Brett Hiirini Shepherd                                                                     20,000        0.20%


                                                                                         9,326,333       93.73%



The total number of voting securities of the Company at 31 March 2022 was 10 million ordinary shares of
which 9,950,000 are listed on the NZX and 50,000 are held on Trust registered to Bevan John Walsh & T A Wai
<Third Age Health (ESOP Holding) A/C> for The Employee Share Trust. The Employee Share Trust grants
options to acquire ordinary shares to Third Age Health employees and their associated entities.




                                                                                                               70
Third Age Health Services Limited
Shareholder and statutory information

Spread of shareholders as at 31 May 2022
The following table is the spread of listed shareholders as of 31 May 2022


 Shareholder size                                             Number of Holders           Total Shares listed       % of listed capital
 1-1,000                                                                     90                      46,792                       0.5%
 1,001-5,000                                                                 64                     194,871                       2.0%
 5,001-10,000                                                                23                     194,121                       2.0%
 10,001-50,000                                                               22                     440,773                       4.4%
 50,001-100,000                                                               1                      81,506                       0.8%
 Greater than 100,000                                                        10                   8,991,937                      90.4%

                                                                                210                 9,950,000                   100.0%


Shareholding of Directors as of 31 March 2022
 Director                                                                                                    2022                2021
                                                                                                            Shares              Shares
 Bevan John Walsh                                                                                        4,329,617           4,332,731
 John Samuel Ronny Fernandes                                                                                91,168              91,168
 Norah Kathleen Barlow                                                                                      24,490              24,490
 Wayne Geoffrey Williams (appointed 10 June 2021)                                                                -                   -
 Diane Lynn Budres (appointed 14 September 2021)                                                           248,392             248,392


Michael Haskell resigned as a director on 23 May 2021. On 31 March 2021 he held 3,372,711 shares. He
remains a Substantial Shareholder.


2. Additional information required under the Financial Markets Conduct Act
   2013

Substantial Security Holders
Information on Substantial Security Holders is provided pursuant to section 293 of the Financial Markets
Conduct Act 2013 (the “Act”) and details the Substantial Security Holders in the Company and their relevant
interests in the Company’s shares as of 31 March 2022. A person has a substantial holding for the purposes of
the Act if the person has a relevant interest in quoted voting products that comprise 5% or more of a class of
quoted voting products of the listed issuer.

 Investor name                                                                                          Shares held        % of issued
                                                                                                  at 31 March 2022             capital
 Bevan John Walsh                                                                                          4,329,617            43.51%
 Michael Haskell & Associates Limited                                                                      3,051,258            30.67%

 Lenore Deirdre Bauer
   Beneficial ownership1                                                                                   1,514,972
   Direct ownership                                                                                          156,500
                                                                                                           1,671,472            16.80%

1.   This relates to an informal agreement relating to the beneficial ownership of a share of the shares held by Bevan John Walsh, the
     exercise of voting rights attaching to those Share, and any acquisition or disposal of those Shares




                                                                                                                                         71
Third Age Health Services Limited
Shareholder and statutory information

3. Additional information required under the Companies Act 1993

Directors’ remuneration and other benefits
The names of the directors of the Company who held office and the details of their remuneration and value of
other benefits received for services to Third Age Health Services Limited for the year ended 31 March 2022
were:

                                                                                     Board Fees    Audit Committee
                                                                                                             Fees


                                                                                              $                    $
 Bevan John Walsh                                                                        12,000                    -
 John Samuel Ronny Fernandes                                                             35,000                5,000
 Norah Kathleen Barlow                                                                   35,000                2,500
 Wayne Geoffrey Williams (appointed 10 June 2021)                                        26,833                2,500
 Diane Lynn Budres (appointed 14 September 2021)                                          7,000                    -

                                                                                        115,833               10,000

The amounts to Norah Barlow and Wayne Williams remained unpaid as of 31 March 2022.

Former CEO, Michael Haskell resigned as a director on 23 May 2021. Michael Haskell resigned as CEO on 30
September 2021, his remuneration is disclosed in note 25.3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements.



Interests register
Directors have given notices disclosing interests pursuant to section 140(1) of the Companies Act 1993.
Particulars of entries recorded in the Company’s Interests Register during the financial year ended 31 March
2022 are set out in the following table.

 Director                               Nature of disclosure

 Bevan John Walsh                   1   Bevan Walsh is a major shareholder of The Company TAH and Third Age
                                        Digital Health Limited (TADH). Bevan Walsh resigned as a director of TADH on
                                        20 December 2021. The Company is owned money from TADH. Details of the
                                        loan are provided in note 16 of the Consolidated Financial Statements.


                                    2   Indemnified to the extent allowed by the Companies Act 1993 and the
                                        company constitution.

                                    3   Directors and Officers insurance cover provided by the Company



 John Samuel Ronny Fernandes        1   Indemnified to the extent allowed by the Companies Act 1993 and the
                                        company constitution.

                                    2   9,662 Shares (0.10%) in the Company, held as registered and beneficial owner

                                    3   81,506 Shares (0.82%) in the Company held by JSRF Limited, in which John
                                        Fernandes has a relevant interest as sole director and shareholder.




                                                                                                                   72
Third Age Health Services Limited
Shareholder and statutory information

 Director                                 Nature of disclosure
                                      4   JSRF Limited (a company owned 100% by John Fernandes) holds an option to
                                          purchase a further 100,000 Shares (1.03%) held by another shareholder (who
                                          is not a director or senior manager) at $2.15 per Share. That option can be
                                          exercised in part or in full at any time until 30 June 2024.


                                      5   Directors and Officers insurance cover provided by the Company



 Norah Kathleen Barlow                1   Norah Barlow holds a position as CEO of a client of the Company

                                      2   24,490 (0.25%) shares in the Company held by Norah Kathleen Barlow and
                                          Robert Noel Barlow in their capacities as trustees of a family trust associated
                                          with Norah Barlow

                                      3   Indemnified to the extent allowed by the Companies Act 1993 and the
                                          company constitution.

                                      4   Directors and Officers insurance cover provided by the Company



 Wayne Geoffrey Williams              1   Indemnified to the extent allowed by the Companies Act 1993 and the
 (appointed 10 June 2021)                 company constitution.

                                      2   Directors and Officers insurance cover provided by the Company




 Diane Lynn Budres (appointed 14      1   Indemnified to the extent allowed by the Companies Act 1993 and the
 September 2021)                          company constitution.

                                      2   Directors and Officers insurance cover provided by the Company



 Michael Bruce Haskell (resigned as   1   Michael Haskell (the former Company CEO) provides services to the Company
 a Director on 23 May 2021)               under a commercially negotiated contractor arrangement.

                                      2   Michael Haskell is a shareholder of both the Company and Third Age Digital
                                          Health Limited (TADH). The Company is owned money from TADH. Details of
                                          the loan are provided in note 16 of the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                      3   Indemnified to the extent allowed by the Companies Act 1993 and the
                                          company constitution.

                                      4   Directors and Officers insurance cover provided by the Company




Indemnity and insurance
The Company has entered into deeds of indemnity in favour of all its directors. The Company has insured all its
directors against liabilities and costs in accordance with section 162(5) of the Companies Act 1993.




                                                                                                                            73
Third Age Health Services Limited
Shareholder and statutory information

Employees’ remuneration
The number of employees or former employees, not being Directors of the Group, who received remuneration
and other benefits in their capacity as employees, the value of which exceeds $100,000 is set out below:

                                                                  2022                            2021
                                                                Number                          Number
 $160,000 - $169,999                                                 1                               -



Amount payable to auditors
The amount payable to our auditor is $56,650 (2021: $46,760).



Donations
The Company made no donations during the year ended 31 March 2022.




                                                                                                      74
Third Age Health Services Limited
Corporate directory



     Registered office
     536 Kennedy Road
     Greenmeadows Napier

     New Zealand Company number
     3189884

     Directors
     Bevan John Walsh (Chairman, Non-independent)
     John Samuel Ronny Fernandes (Independent)
     Norah Kathleen Barlow (Independent)
     Wayne Geoffrey Williams (Independent), appointed 10 June 2021
     Diane Lynn Budres (Non-Independent), appointed 14 September 2021

     Auditors
     Ernst & Young
     EY Building, 2 Takutai Square
     Britomart
     Auckland 1010
     New Zealand

     Registry
     Link Market Services Securities Registrar
     Level 11, Deloitte Centre
     80 Queen Street Auckland 1010

     www.linkmarketservices.co.nz
     Phone:(09) 375 5998
     Email: enquiries@linkmarketservices.co.nz

     Legal advisors
     DLA Piper New Zealand
     50-64 Customhouse Quay
     Wellington 6140
     New Zealand
     www.dlapiper.com/en/newzealand/




                                                                        75
Third Age Health Services Ltd
P O Box 303 387, North Harbour
         Auckland 0751
     thirdagehealth.co.nz
