Following the change in PFI and its subsidiaries’ balance date from 31 December to 30 June, during the course of this presentation, PFI’s
FY25 results have been compared to the unaudited results for the twelve-month period from 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024, which we will
refer to as the prior comparable period, or ‘pcp’, which comprises the periods H2 2023 and FP24, unless otherwise noted. This differs from
the financial statements, which present FP24 as the comparative period for FY25, in accordance with applicable accounting standards.

                                                                                                                                             4
5
Anthony Beverley will be retiring as a
Director of PFI at the conclusion of
this Annual Meeting.




                                         6
average annual
total return
since inception
with all dividends
reinvested




                     7
8
▲       ▲




    ▲   ▲




▲       ▲




            10
◄► June 2024: 91   ◄► June 2024: 126   ▲ June 2024: $99.7m   ▲ June 2024: 98.6%   ▲ June 2024: 5.07 years


                                                                                                            11
12
All significant new buildings to target   Increase solar installations across the   Install full LED lighting at 80% of
 minimum 5 Green Star certification       portfolio to 1.4MW by the end of FY27       tenancies by the end of FY28




                                                                                                                          13
14
15
16
*Indicative design only

                          17
18
*All statistics as at 30 September 2025   19
20
That Angela Bull, who retires and is eligible for election,
be elected as a Director of the Company.




                                                              23
That Carolyn Steele, who retires and is eligible for election,
be elected as a Director of the Company.




                                                                 24
That Dean Bracewell, who retires and is eligible for election,
be elected as a Director of the Company.




                                                                 25
That the Directors are authorised to fix the fees and
expenses of the auditors, PricewaterhouseCoopers.




                                                        26
That the Directors are authorised to fix the remuneration of the
Directors of the Company from the close of this meeting as per the
table shown in the Explanatory Notes of the Notice of Meeting.




                                                                     27
The information included in this presentation is provided as at 21 October 2025.

Property for Industry Limited (PFI) does not guarantee the repayment of capital or the performance referred to in this presentation.

Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance.

The presentation includes a number of forward looking statements. Forward looking statements, by their nature, involve inherent risks an uncertainties. Many of
those risks and uncertainties are matters which are beyond PFI’s control and could cause actual results to differ from those predicted. Variations could either be
materially positive or materially negative.

Our results are reported under NZ IFRS. This presentation includes non-GAAP financial measures which are not prepared in accordance with NZ IFRS. The non-
GAAP financial measures used in this presentation may include Funds From Operations (FFO) and Adjusted Funds From Operations (AFFO). FFO and AFFO are
common property investor metrics and therefore we believe they provide useful information to readers to assist in the understanding of our financial performance,
financial position and returns. They should not, however, be viewed in isolation, nor considered as a substitute for measures reported in accordance with NZ IFRS.
Non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other entities.

While every care has been taken in the preparation of this presentation, PFI makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of any
statement in it including, without limitation, any forecasts.

This presentation has been prepared for the purpose of providing general information, without taking account of any particular investor’s objectives, financial
situation or needs. An investor should, before making any investment decisions, consider the appropriateness of the information in this presentation, and seek
professional advice, having regard to the investor’s objectives, financial situation and needs.

This presentation is solely for the use of the party to whom it is provided.


                                                                                                                                                                     30
