(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                                   Stock Code：6699




      2025                          ANNUAL
                                    REPORT
CONTENTS
2    Corporate Information

4    Chairman’s Letter

6    Chief Executive Officer’s Letter

9    Results Highlights

10   Management Discussion and Analysis

21   Non-IFRS Measures

23   Directors and Senior Management

27   Report of the Directors

63   Corporate Governance Report

83   Definition

86   Independent Auditor’s Report

93   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

94   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

96   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

98   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

99   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
CORPORATE INFORMATION
Board of Directors                                         Authorized Representatives

Executive Directors                                        Mr. HUANG Kun
                                                           Mr. LEE Leong Yin (FCG, HKFCG) (appointed with effect
Mr. FENG Dai (Chairman) (re-designated from                from May 15, 2025 )
non-executive Director with effect from April 23, 2026)
                                                           Mr. ZHU Lingbo (resigned with effect from May 15, 2025 )
Mr. HU Jiezhang (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. HUANG Kun
Ms. DONG Li
                                                           Auditor
Mr. SONG Xin (resigned with effect from April 23, 2026)
                                                           PricewaterhouseCoopers
Independent Non-executive Directors                        Certified Public Accountants
                                                           Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
Mr. HAN Xiaojing                                           22/F, Prince’s Building
Mr. SHI Zi                                                 Central
Mr. ZHOU Hao                                               Hong Kong

Audit Committee                                            Registered Office
Mr. ZHOU Hao (Chairman)
                                                           Maples Corporate Services Limited
Mr. HAN Xiaojing
                                                           PO Box 309, Ugland House
Mr. SHI Zi
                                                           Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
Remuneration Committee                                     Cayman Islands


Mr. HAN Xiaojing (Chairman)                                The Cayman Islands Principal Share
Mr. HU Jiezhang                                            Registrar and Transfer Office
Mr. HUANG Kun
Mr. SHI Zi                                                 Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
Mr. ZHOU Hao                                               Boundary Hall, Cricket Square
                                                           PO Box 1093, Grand Cayman
Nomination Committee                                       KY1-1102 Cayman Islands

Mr. FENG Dai (Chairman)
                                                           Corporate Headquarters
Ms. DONG Li (appointed as a member of Nomination
Committee with effect from June 24, 2025)
Mr. HAN Xiaojing                                           6/F-7/F, Building No. 7, KIC Business Center
Mr. SHI Zi                                                 No. 500 Zhengli Road
Mr. ZHOU Hao                                               Yangpu District
Mr. SONG Xin (ceased as a member of Nomination             Shanghai, PRC
Committee with effect from June 24, 2025)
                                                           Principal Banks
Company Secretary
                                                           China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Mr. LEE Leong Yin (FCG, HKFCG) (appointed with effect      China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited
from May 15, 2025 )                                        BNP Paribas
Mr. ZHU Lingbo (resigned with effect from May 15, 2025 )
                                                           Citibank




2   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                CORPORATE INFORMATION



Hong Kong Legal Adviser                    Company’s Website

Baker & McKenzie                           www.angelalign.com
14/F, One Taikoo Place
979 King’s Road                            Stock Short Name
Quarry Bay
Hong Kong                                  Angelalign

Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong   Stock Code

Room 1920, 19/F                            6699
Lee Garden One
33 Hysan Avenue, Causeway Bay
Hong Kong

Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar

Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong




                                                                  Annual Report 2025   3
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
                                                        I learned that the lead inventor and co-founder, B.K.
                                                        Wang, was a leading orthodontist, university ortho
                                                        chair and mentor. Wang had invented not just the
                                                        Angel system but also a bracket and wire system.
                                                        He was also a humanitarian activist who organized
                                                        fluoride treatment for many rural communities.

                                                        Our chief ortho went on to explain. “Other aligners
                                                        are tech-focused. It’s always exciting for them
                                                        to talk about shiny new stuff,” he said. “But our
                                                        founders demand clinically predictable outcomes
                                                        and stability, while being easy to use. That makes
                                                        life much harder for us and kind of boring for our
                                                        investors.”

                                                        So, I asked: “How’s the company going to survive? ”

                                                        He looked at me with expectant eyes and said, “I
                                                        don’t know. That’s why you’re here.”

    FENG Dai                                            Twenty-three years since its founding, Angel is
    Chairman of the Board                               still on this same path. I’ve been in med-tech my
                                                        whole career and I had never dealt with anything as
                                                        complex as a high-end aligner supplier. It requires
                                                        an Olympic-level dream team, with each operating
Fourteen years ago, I walked into a small, stuffy       module being best in class: treatment planning,
office with old cubicles and stained carpets. Angel’s   custom manufacturing, bio-mechanics R&D,
chief orthodontist cheerily showed me a book            software algorithms, clinical support, specialist
of cases that featured seriously gnarled teeth,         sales and order-to-delivery.
excessively receding or protruding jaws.
                                                        But it’s even harder than that. Recently I realized
I wondered aloud: “Can’t you focus on easier            that aligner development is a slow iterative learning
cosmetic cases first – and have some sales? ”           system. It can’t be built by a genius or just by
                                                        throwing money at it. The product and service need
The orthodontist whispered in response: “Look,          to get a little bit better every day over a long period.
I also want easier work and quick sales. But            Only by doing real cases and having demanding
our aligner system was created by a group of            clinical feedback, does the system become
orthodontic professors to treat complex cases.          industrial quality, with capabilities reflecting the
They say anyone can do simple cases.”                   type of cases and customers served. Our system
                                                        now reflects a capability of majority difficult
                                                        tooth movements and very clinically demanding
                                                        customers, as a result of doing over two million
                                                        such cases.




4   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                 CHAIRMAN’S LETTER



We are so fortunate to have been positioned just right from the beginning. Angel was built by
orthodontists for orthodontists with a focus on clinical excellence. Our people, culture, products, and
operating modules are finely tuned to achieve this goal together. Orthodontists rely on us for clinically
meaningful treatments instead of just aesthetic fixes. Half of our cases are in the demanding category of
younger patients.

Treating a lot of cases is still not enough to lead in innovation. The organization must be open and
collaborative because most innovations in aligners don’t originate with the “smart people” at the top or
from R&D investments. They come from customers, sales reps, engineers, clinical support teams, and
treatment technicians. For Angel, it’s our thousands of motivated
people in these roles, inspired by our management team, that have
made us a leader in innovation, and successful in 60 countries.

After a long illness, Professor B.K. Wang passed away in 2022. We
will always honor his role in building doctor community, innovating
orthodontic technologies and spreading humanitarianism. These
embody Angel’s values.

Even when he was bedridden, B.K. thought a lot about Angel. He
scrawled huge words for me that filled an entire page as if yelling: “You
CareCapital guys make Angel amazing! Enduring! ” That sheet sits on
my desk to remind me every day. And that’s exactly what we’re doing.




Dai Feng
Chairman of the Board
Angelalign Technology Inc.




                                                                               Annual Report 2025       5
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S LETTER
                                                            The clear aligner industry has grown steadily. An
                                                            experienced orthodontist in the United States told me
                                                            that he expects aligners will account for 60%-to-70%
                                                            of cases in his practice. A French orthodontist with two
                                                            decades of experience described aligner treatment
                                                            as “the direction of the orthodontic industry.” These
                                                            perspectives reinforce our view that clear aligners are
                                                            still in the early stages of long-term structural adoption
                                                            globally. Yet orthodontists are cautious about selecting
                                                            the brands they use. As a result, orthodontists tend to
                                                            rely on a small number of providers with established
                                                            clinical track records.

                                                            This reflects a fundamental characteristic of the aligner
                                                            industry — it is a compounding system.

                                                            Aligners’ value is not determined by short-term customer
                                                            satisfaction or pricing strategies but by the stability
                                                            and predictability of long-term treatment outcomes.
                                                            Differences in product and service capabilities
                                                            accumulate over the course of a treatment, which often
    HU Jiezhang                                             lasts one-to-two years. Orthodontists rely on past-case
    Executive Director, Chief Executive Officer,            experiences and peer recommendations when selecting
    Chief Technology Officer                                new brands.

                                                            As a result, Angel has chosen a demanding path to
Dear customers, shareholders, and colleagues,               establish its reputation in the marketplace. Over two
                                                            decades, we have built and maintained foundational
I would like to thank you for your continued trust and      capabilities that include localized service as part of
support over the past year and for being part of Angel’s    its delivery systems around the world. We also offer
journey as we reach new milestones together. In 2025,       comprehensive clinical support and a clinically driven
we continued to strengthen our position as a clinically     innovation process for new products and services. We
driven clear aligner company, expanding globally            believe this clinically driven and localized approach
while deepening our capabilities in serving our doctor      is fundamentally different from a standardized,
customers.                                                  technology-led model.

In 2025, we continued to receive strong positive feedback
from our customers around the world. Angel recently
surpassed two million total cases. This important
achievement is a testament to our long-term capabilities
and the respect orthodontists have for our products and
services. We feel confident about our strategic direction
and prospects.




6   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                          CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S LETTER



When we started to expand beyond mainland China three years ago, Angel launched in several markets simultaneously.
We set up local teams and support systems in four major regions: EMEA (Europe, Middle East & Africa), North
America, APAC (Asia Pacific) and South America. We also established treatment planning centers in Brazil and
Southeast Asia. In addition, we expanded our Brazil manufacturing facility to include Angel branded products and are
building our U.S. manufacturing facility.

These sites allow us to stay close to the needs of our customers and patients. We are constantly getting feedback
that allows us to validate and improve our products and services and build an ever-stronger reputation among
orthodontists. This strategy requires big, long-term investment and disciplined execution. But we believe that only the
well-validated products and services can succeed in global competition.

We do not apply a standardized service model everywhere. We tailor our approach to local clinical cultures, treatment
philosophies, and decision-making processes. For example, some European experts expect treatment plans to
follow their protocols. So, we offer to train our treatment planning teams. Many U.S. orthodontists prefer in-depth
discussions about complex cases so they can refine treatment strategies through multiple iterations. So, we do that,
too. This kind of localized understanding has helped make us a trusted clinical partner in the diverse markets we
serve around the world.

We also have developed a differentiated support system in China. In Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities, we continue to deepen
our professional services and systematic capabilities by helping doctors improve efficiency and clinical performance.
In broader Tier 3 and Tier 4 markets, we are committed to making service more available, expanding clinical support
and improving commercial teams. This means that we maintain a consistent focus on case evaluation, treatment
planning, patient communication, and careful treatment management. Our goal is to help clinicians finish each case
well.

Through long-term collaboration with doctors, we have continuously applied real clinical needs to build sustainable
competitive advantages. “Clinical-first” is our DNA. Clinical outcomes improve when doctors have more support.
That’s what we provide. We have found that innovation finds its true value when technological capabilities are
combined with localized clinical support.

Take the angelButton™ as an example. The product was devised to address a demonstrated clinical need. Today, after
six years of refinement, the angelButton™ has significantly improved orthodontic stability and usability. More than
100 million buttons have been shipped globally. They have become a widely adopted tool in daily clinical practice.

We also are combining cutting-edge technologies with traditional orthodontic methods. Our technology is embedded
into our clinical support and manufacturing ecosystem. For example, the iOrtho platform is updated frequently to
continuously integrate computational capabilities with clinical expertise. This improves diagnosis, treatment planning
efficiency and quality control.

Underlying all of this is our long-standing core value: putting the customer first. This is the principle that guides our
product development, operational decisions, and long-term strategy. It also drives us to take responsible actions
when the industry changes.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2025           7
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S LETTER



Currently, some aligner brands have scaled back or exited markets. Doctors have increasingly turned to leading
suppliers with proven long-term reliability. For Angel, this presents both an opportunity and a responsibility for us. We
are committed to delivering reliable products and services to earn the trust of doctors and patients. At the same time,
we are constantly looking for ways to support doctors when treatments are disrupted by supplier issues.

Our open and inclusive culture and our collaborative organizational model have opened the way for Angel to serve
customers in more than 60 countries. Cross-regional and cross-functional collaboration continues to improve,
integrating R&D, clinical support, and commercial, and operational resources. This organizational strength is an
important competitive advantage.

We are firmly committed to delivering customer value. We will continue to strengthen our clinical support services
and R&D capabilities, expand treatment indications, and improve the overall experience for doctors and patients.
We will further enhance production capacity and treatment design infrastructure to improve the resilience of our
supply chain. We will continue to invest in IT, compliance systems and global data security, while strengthening our
intellectual property protections to support long-term growth.

We believe that long-term success in this industry is built through consistent execution, discipline, and trust from
doctors. Small continuous improvements, compounded, go a long way. Angel will continue to innovate, invest with
discipline, and work alongside doctors and partners to create sustainable development of the global orthodontic
industry by helping clinicians achieve better outcomes.




Fox Hu
Executive Director, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technology Officer
Angelalign Technology Inc.




8   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                              RESULTS HIGHLIGHTS
2025 marked a year of continued worldwide growth and improving operating leverage for the Group. Global markets
(ex-Chinese mainland) delivered strong growth from customers who value clinical excellence, while the Chinese
mainland market saw a further consolidation of the company’s market leadership across all customer segments.

•      Our total clear aligner case volume increased by 48.1%, from approximately 359,400 in FY2024 to approximately
       532,400 in FY2025.

       (i)    In global markets (ex-Chinese mainland), case volume increased by 82.1% to approximately 256,200 in
              FY2025, reflecting increasing adoption by orthodontists who prioritize clinical excellence and appreciate
              strong clinical outcomes and customer service.

       (ii)   In the Chinese mainland market case volume increased by 26.3% to approximately 276,200 in FY2025,
              driven by market share gains across product and customer segments, particularly in lower-tier markets and
              for adolescent/pediatric customers in Chinese mainland.

•      Our revenue increased by 37.8% from USD268.8 million in FY2024 to USD370.3 million in FY2025.

       (i)    In global markets (ex-Chinese mainland), our revenue increased by 102.5% from USD80.5 million to
              USD163.0 million in FY2025.

       (ii)   In Chinese mainland market, our revenue increased by 10.1% from USD188.2 million to USD207.3 million in
              FY2025.

•      Our gross profit increased by 38.5% from USD168.2 million in FY2024 to USD232.9 million in FY2025. Our gross
       profit margin for FY2025 was 62.9%, remaining stable compared with 62.6% for FY2024.

•      Our adjusted segment operating results for FY2025 were as follows:

       (i)    Our adjusted segment loss in global markets (ex-Chinese mainland) narrowed from USD29.7 million in
              FY2024 to USD10.5 million in FY2025, benefiting from the realization of operating leverage from the Group’s
              established global professional sales network, world-class service and clinical support infrastructure , as
              well as delays in the ramp-up costs of certain non-China manufacturing facilities.(1)

       (ii)   Our adjusted segment profit in Chinese mainland market reached USD51.3 million in FY2025, compared to
              USD36.6 million in FY2024, as our Chinese mainland business continued to deliver steady revenue growth
              and benefited from economy of scale at the Group level, as administrative and research and development
              investments are shared across the Group’s global operations.(1)

•      Our net profit increased by 163.0% from USD10.0 million for FY2024 to USD26.3 million for FY2025. The improved
       profitability was supported by increasing revenue and operating leverage from the Group’s global infrastructure,
       and the timing of certain operating and legal expenses during the year.

•      Our adjusted net profit increased by 63.0% from USD26.9 million for FY2024 to USD43.8 million for FY2025.(2)

•      The Board has resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of HKD0.48 per Share and a special
       dividend of HKD4.99 per Share for the year ended December 31, 2025.

Note

(1). Adjusted segment profit/loss and adjusted segment profit margin is defined as segment profit/loss and segment profit margin
     with adjustments of respective share-based payments. Please refer to pages 21 of this report for more details.

(2). Adjusted net profit is defined as net profit with adjustments of share-based payments, unrealized fair value losses recognized
     in profit or loss in relation to unlisted equity investment, and net foreign exchange losses. Please refer to page 22 of this report
     for more details.


                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025               9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS*
Business Review

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s open and inclusive culture enabled an organization structure that
successfully integrated its global commercial talents, R&D, and operational resources to meet customers’ clinical
needs. As a result, the Company was able to to deliver localized solutions that address diverse clinical cultures and
regulatory requirements across over 60 countries. To date, the Group has established professional clinical support
and sales teams across EMEA, North America, APAC, South America and China, with very positive customer feedback.
The global supply chain is being strengthen, including treatment planning centers in Brazil and Southeast Asia, and
manufacturing facilities in the U.S. and Brazil, as works in progress.

 These foundational capabilities supported the complex services of a premium aligner business, and enabled
 continued progress in worldwide growth in 2025, with total case volume reaching 532,400, representing a year-on-
 year increase of 48.1%. Growth was primarily driven by heightened professional recognition among premium global
 orthodontists and consolidation of market share leadership in Chinese mainland, particularly in lower-tier markets.
 As it scaled, the Group began to realize greater operating efficiency from investments made in global sales, services
 and centralized functions in prior years. Looking ahead, professional reputation and focus on clinical excellence is
 expected to enable Angel Aligner’s continued growth.

1. Expanding Global Footprint while Solidifying the China Core

     Global Markets (ex-Chinese mainland): Clinical confidence by top-tier orthodontists in top cities, driving
     word-of-mouth referrals.

     In 2025, the Group achieved robust growth, with case volume increasing 82.1% year-on-year to approximately
     256,200 cases. This was driven by strong clinical experiences by top orthodontists in leading global cities,
     including New York, London, Paris, Tokyo, Madrid, Sydney, Los Angeles, Boston, Cologne, and São Paulo,
     spreading the reputation of the Group’s clear aligner solutions.

     •    Organizational synergy and talent advantage: Grounded in Angel’s open and inclusive culture, we have
          brought together a distinguished global network of Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs). By balancing centralized
          strategic oversight with local empowerment, we have built an organization that is responsive to the local
          clinical requirements of our diverse markets.

     •    Operational and service excellence: We are committed to predictable service delivery and achieved
          strong Net Promoter Scores (NPS). By continuously improving our clinical execution, we converted clinician
          satisfaction into referrals, which is our core growth engine.

     •    Enhancing brand equity: we have earned the trust of doctors through our focus on clinical excellence and
          dedicated customer care. Angel Aligner was also certified as a “Great Place to Work” in multiple European
          countries, underscoring our attractiveness as an employer of choice. We remain committed to sustainability
          and social responsibility, including launching aligner recycling programs in various regions.




*    Products and technologies mentioned in this section are available in certain countries and regions.




10   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



    Chinese mainland market: Consolidating market share leadership, especially in lower-tier cities, by
    expanding product portfolios and clinical services

    In 2025, we extended market leadership in China, especially in lower-tier cities. By deepening our focus on third-
    and fourth-tier cities, combined with expanding product portfolios and enhancing clinical services, total case
    volume reached approximately 276,200 cases, a solid year-on-year increase of 26.3%.

    •   Lower-tier market focus: Our sales and clinical support teams have deeply covered third- and fourth-tier
        cities. By expanding our product portfolios, providing systematic training and professional clinical support,
        we have empowered doctors in handling diverse cases, facilitating the standardized adoption of clear
        aligner therapy across a broader geographical footprint.

    •   Leadership in early intervention: We continued to champion the philosophy of early intervention to drive
        industry standardization. The case volume proportion of “Angel Aligner KiD” continued to rise, with its search
        index ranked first in its category on the major social media platform.

    •   Reinforcing brand credibility: We proactively took on the responsibility of supporting doctors in lower-tier
        markets who were impacted by the quality issues of other small and medium-sized brands. Our “Angelcare
        Initiative” has been central to this effort, providing both affordable solutions and clinical guidance to
        ensure their patients’ treatment journeys remain uncompromised. This ongoing commitment continuously
        reinforces our brand’s credibility.

2. Offering Clinically-Driven Clear Aligner Solutions

    We maintain an orthodontist-centric innovation model, aligning product development closely with evolving
    clinical needs. Guided by Angel’s open and inclusive culture, we synergize inhouse engineering expertise with
    global KOL insights to build a dynamic innovation ecosystem. These efforts support the Group’s continued
    product expansion across treatment indications and patient segments in both global markets (ex-Chinese
    mainland) and Chinese mainland market.

    •   Expanding the indication for adult orthodontics: In selected markets, we introduced specialized tools
        such as the Angel Scissors-bite Turbo and Angel Enhanced Curve Turbo. These tools leverage physiological
        occlusal forces to simplify the workflow for complex cases, enhancing clinical efficiency and treatment
        outcomes through more precise control of tooth movement.

    •   Driving breakthroughs in early intervention philosophy and technology: Addressing the unique growth
        patterns of children in the mixed dentition stage, we provide doctors with a comprehensive toolkit. Our
        pioneered fluoride-coated aligner effectively prevents caries during orthodontic treatment. It has won
        continuous praise from doctors and parents since its launch in the Chinese mainland market. Furthermore,
        leading experts have published articles in Orthotown and Orthodontic Practice , sharing clinical case studies
        on the application of Angel Aligner KiD in complex cases.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025         11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     •    Cultivating a global orthodontic community: In 2025, we hosted over 500 professional education events
          worldwide. Notable highlights include the 2nd “Angel Aligner European Academic Forum”, the “Angel Ascend”
          customized education series in the U.S., and “Angel Aligner Innovation International Forum” in Chinese
          mainland. Through these initiatives, we have successfully built a bridge connecting doctors globally, driving
          the dissemination and adoption of cutting-edge treatment approaches and technologies.

3. Cultivating a Robust Digital Workflow to Drive End-to-End Efficiency Breakthroughs

     Clear aligner treatment is fundamentally a mass-customized, end-to-end digital process. Leveraging our long-
     standing expertise in building a mature digital ecosystem, we integrate advanced technologies to balance high-
     quality operations with personalized clinical requirements. We believe continuous digital iteration secures a
     leading productivity advantage, driving efficiency breakthroughs across our entire workflow.

     •    Empowering precision care and elevating the treatment experience: For doctors, we launched the Case
          Gallery in select markets to facilitate peer-to-peer insight sharing and introduced Virtual Root 2.0 for
          precise 3D root-bone assessment in complex cases. To enhance the patient experience, we rolled out the
          myAngelSmile App in select markets, providing personalized treatment scheduling, while integrating remote
          monitoring solutions into iOrtho platform for streamlined and efficient follow-ups.

     •    Advancing treatment design and manufacturing efficiency: By integrating advanced computer
          technologies with long-standing clinical protocols, we have achieved consistent improvement in treatment
          planning efficiency. This advancement enhances practice productivity and delivers more predictable patient
          outcomes, creating a win-win-win value proposition for doctors, patients, and our internal operational
          efficiency. Meanwhile, the application of cutting-edge technology across all aligner manufacturing
          processes has led to a steady increase in our use of automation.

     •    Lean operations and organizational synergy: We leverage advanced technologies to drive operational
          efficiency. For instance, in Chinese mainland, our upgraded CRM system has successfully eliminated
          departmental silos, ensuring seamless coordination among sales, clinical, and customer service teams
          to provide doctors with an integrated service experience. Additionally, the newly launched “Angel Smart
          Assistant” answers natural language queries for treatment plan consultations and information retrieval.
          This innovation elevates the doctors’ experience while driving operational efficiency across our sales and
          customer service teams.




12   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



4. Innovation Through Clinical Challenges: Evolving into a Premier Global R&D Platform for the
   Orthodontic Profession

    Driven by real-world clinical pain points, we translate continuous R&D investment and deep clinical insights into
    cutting-edge technology trends. We fully incorporate feedback from global orthodontists to develop innovative
    solutions that deliver both clinical value and market competitiveness.

    •   Global academic-industry collaboration: We have established close partnerships with over 40 renowned
        universities across Europe, the Americas, APAC and China, integrating digital orthodontic technologies into
        the global professional education system. In North America, we collaborated with experts from West Virginia
        University on early interceptive orthodontic clinical research. In Chinese mainland, we partner with top-
        tier institutions such as the Ninth People’s Hospital (SJTU), Wuhan University, and West China Hospital of
        Stomatology to drive the clinical translation of research outcomes.

    •   Forward-looking technological positioning: We actively track cutting-edge technologies and, on occasion,
        secure our future through strategic investments. During the Reporting Period, we completed a strategic
        investment in the direct 3D printing field, gaining in-depth insights into industry trends and building
        sustainable technological advantages through research collaborations.

    •   Intellectual property (“IP”) and compliance development: IP development is a core priority for our global
        expansion. We have continuously invested resources to strengthen our legal and risk control framework, and
        enhanced our capabilities in IP application, maintenance and enforcement globally through increased legal
        expenditure. Meanwhile, certain intellectual property-related matters remained at preliminary procedural
        stages during FY2025, resulting in a relatively limited financial impact within the reporting period.

5. Building a Diversified and Resilient Supply Chain Amid Geopolitical Risks

    Against the complex and volatile global geopolitical landscape, we have taken proactive and prudent measures
    to develop a diversified global supply network, enhancing supply chain resilience, and strengthening the security
    foundation for global operations.

    •   Treatment planning centers: Our treatment planning centers in Brazil and Southeast Asia have expanded.
        Recruitment and training milestones were achieved on schedule, with design quality consistently meeting
        our high standards. These centers are now providing high-quality clinical design support to the U.S. market.

    •   Clear aligner production facilities: Our manufacturing facility in Brazil is now manufacturing Angel branded
        clear aligners, laying a solid production base for business expansion in South America. Meanwhile, we are
        building a small-scale aligner manufacturing operation to explore automated production pathways in our
        US manufacturing facility.

    •   Global data compliance framework: The company upholds the highest standards for patient privacy and
        data security. We have proactively engaged professional third-party consultants, law firms and auditors
        to conduct data compliance assessments, ensuring full alignment with global data protection regulations,
        including U.S. HIPAA, EU GDPR, as well as China’s PIPL and DSL.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025         13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Outlook

The global clear aligner industry continues to benefit from long-term structural growth as aligner treatment adoption
increases worldwide. While macroeconomic and regulatory environments remain dynamic, we believe the Group is
well positioned to capture these opportunities through continued product innovation, clinical capabilities and global
operational expansion. We will capture market opportunities through disciplined and efficient execution, and address
the diverse clinical needs of doctors worldwide through continuous product innovation, high-standard medical
design, and reliable manufacturing and delivery capabilities. As we expand our global footprint, we remain focused on
several strategic priorities that support our long-term growth and operational resilience:

•    Strengthen R&D capabilities to continue innovating clear aligner treatment solutions, expanding indications, and
     improving treatment outcomes;

•    Increase investment in IT, legal and operational teams and infrastructure to ensure full compliance with the data
     security and privacy regulations in major jurisdictions;

•    Enhance legal capabilities and allocate additional resources to further strengthen IP compliance, IP innovation,
     and to vigorously defend our IP rights;

•    Optimize clinical capabilities to improve our users’ experience and satisfaction, further building out our global
     sales, training and customer support teams and infrastructure;

•    Expand production capacity and improve production efficiency to meet growing market demand, in particular,
     setting up and operating our global treatment planning centers and manufacturing sites to ensure resilience and
     reliability of our supply chain;

•    Expand our sales network, reinforce brand recognition, and increase market influence among KOLs and the
     academics.

We will continue to monitor developments in the global macroeconomic environment, regulatory policies and
geopolitical landscape, including potential impacts from healthcare policy changes in Chinese mainland, international
trade dynamics and evolving data protection regulations. These factors could lead to a decline in orthodontic
treatment volumes, which might adversely impact our performance. Therefore, we will monitor these global dynamics
and assess their potential impact on our business. We will develop timely strategies to address these uncertainties
and challenges to ensure sustainable growth of our business.




14   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Financial Review

The following discussions are based on the financial information and notes set out in other sections of this report and
should be read in conjunction with them.

Revenue

Our revenue increased by 37.8% from USD268.8 million for FY2024 to USD370.3 million for FY2025. The following
table sets forth a breakdown of our revenue, both in absolute amounts and as a percentage of total revenue, by
business line for the years indicated.

                                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                                      2025                           2024
                                                              USD’000               %        USD’000               %
Clear aligner treatment solutions                             198,251             53.5       179,625             66.8
Sales of clear aligners                                       154,384             41.7        74,008             27.6
Sales of other products                                        15,508              4.2        12,729              4.7
Other services                                                  2,138              0.6         2,425              0.9
Total                                                         370,281           100.0        268,787           100.0


•   Clear aligner treatment solutions . Revenue generated from clear aligner treatment solutions mainly represents
    the revenue generated from provision of clear aligner treatment solutions services to our clients in the Chinese
    mainland market. Our revenue generated from the provision of clear aligner treatment solutions increased by
    10.4% from USD179.6 million in FY2024 to USD198.3 million in FY2025, primarily due to the growth in case
    volume in the Chinese mainland market with our continued market share gains in lower-tier markets and early
    treatment segment, particularly in lower-tier markets, partially offset by the decline in the average selling price
    of clear aligners resulting from changes in product mix. Our revenue is also affected by the frequency of delivery
    of clear aligners and the number of sets contained in each delivered batch, which are typically dependent on the
    product line involved and the complexity of the relevant treatment plan, subject to a number of factors, such as
    specific demand of our dental professionals and our production capacity in the Reporting Period.

•   Sales of clear aligners . Revenue generated from sales of clear aligners mainly represents the revenue generated
    from sales of clear aligners to our clients in the global markets (ex-Chinese mainland). Our revenue generated
    from sales of clear aligners increased significantly by 108.6% from USD74.0 million in FY2024 to USD154.4
    million in FY2025, mainly attribute to the substantial growth in case volume with the increased adoption by
    orthodontists who prioritize clinical excellence and appreciate strong clinical outcomes and customer service
    across the global markets (ex-Chinese mainland).

•   Sales of other products . Revenue generated from sales of other products mainly represents the revenue
    generated from the sales of MOOELI, oral consumer goods and other products. Our revenue generated from sales
    of other products increased by 22.0% from USD12.7 million in FY2024 to USD15.5 million in FY2025, primarily
    due to the sales increase in oral consumer goods.

•   Other services . Revenue generated from other services primarily represented service fees generated by our
    dental clinic for the provision of orthodontics and cosmetic dentistry services and other dental services to
    patients. Our revenue generated from other services decreased by 12.5% from USD2.4 million in FY2024 to
    USD2.1 million in FY2025.


                                                                                          Annual Report 2025            15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Cost of revenue

Our cost of revenue increased by 36.6% from USD100.6 million in FY2024 to USD137.4 million in FY2025, which was
generally in line with the development of our business.

Gross profit and gross profit margin

Our gross profit increased by 38.5% from USD168.2 million in FY2024 to USD232.9 million in FY2025. The gross profit
margin for FY2025 was 62.9%, as compared with 62.6% for FY2024.

Selling and marketing expenses

Our selling and marketing expenses increased by 15.7% from USD105.0 million in FY2024 to USD121.5 million in
FY2025. The selling and marketing expenses ratio, which is selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of
total revenue, has decreased from 39.1% in FY2024 to 32.8% in FY2025, primarily attributable to the realization of
operating leverage through the Group’s established global sales network.

Administrative expenses

Our administrative expenses increased by 13.0% from USD46.2 million in FY2024 to USD52.2 million in FY2025. The
administrative expenses ratio, which is administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue, has decreased from
17.2% in FY2024 to 14.1% in FY2025, reflecting the improved operating efficiency during the Reporting Period as the
Group continued to leverage shared administrative functions across a larger global business base.

Research and development expenses

Our research and development expenses were USD27.6 million in FY2025, as compared with USD21.3 million in
FY2024, reflecting the Group’s continued investment in research and development to expand treatment capabilities,
support new product solutions and strengthen clinical innovation across global markets (ex-Chinese mainland).

Net impairment losses on financial assets

We recorded net impairment losses on financial assets of USD8.2 million in FY2025, as compared with USD0.2 million
in FY2024, primarily due to the increase in provision for loss allowances on trade receivables and other receivables as
a result of deteriorating financial condition of certain counterparties.

Other income

We recorded other income of USD12.6 million in FY2025, as compared with USD12.5 million in FY2024, primarily due
to the increase on interest on term deposits with initial terms over three months.




16   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Other losses – net

We had other losses – net of USD5.4 million in FY2025, as compared with other losses – net of USD1.6 million in
FY2024, primarily due to the decrease of the fair value of certain financial assets.

We have purchased and disposed some wealth management products during the Reporting Period, the profits of
which were also recorded in other (losses)/gains – net. None of the purchase or sale of wealth management products
during the Reporting Period is large enough to constitute notifiable transactions as defined under Chapter 14 of the
Listing Rules.

Finance income

Our finance income decreased by 47.1% from USD7.0 million in FY2024 to USD3.7 million in FY2025, primarily due
to the decrease in interest income on bank deposits as we purchased more term deposits products with initial terms
over three months, the interest on which was recorded in other income.

Finance costs

Our finance costs increase by 13.3% from USD1.5 million in FY2024 to USD1.7 million in FY2025, primarily due to
increase in interest expenses on bank borrowings.

Share of results of investments accounted for using the equity method

We recorded a share of loss of investment accounted for using the equity method of USD0.8 million in FY2025,
as compared with a loss of USD0.1 million in FY2024, primarily reflecting the loss collected from our investments
accounted for using the equity method.

Profit before income tax

As a result of the foregoing, we recorded profit before tax of USD31.7 million in FY2025, compared to USD11.7 million
in FY2024.

Income tax expense

Our income tax expense was USD5.4 million in FY2025, as compared with USD1.7 million in FY2024, primarily due to
the increase in profit before income tax.

Profit for the year

As a result of the foregoing, our net profit increased by 163.0% from USD10.0 million in FY2024 to USD26.3 million in
FY2025. The net profit margin for FY2025 was 7.1%, as compared with 3.7% for FY2024.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025         17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Liquidity, capital resources and capital structure

In FY2025, our primary use of cash was to fund our working capital requirements and other recurring expenses. We
financed our capital expenditures and working capital requirements primarily through cash generated from our
operating activities and the proceeds from the Global Offering.

We have continued to maintain a healthy and sound financial position and have followed a set of funding and treasury
policies to manage our capital resources and mitigate potential risks involved. Our current assets reached USD500.8
million as at December 31, 2025, as compared to USD491.7 million as at December 31, 2024.

Cash and cash equivalents and term deposits with initial terms over three months

Our cash and cash equivalents primarily consisted of cash at banks. Meanwhile, to enhance our treasury
management efficiency while satisfying the needs of our daily operation, we purchased several term deposits
products with initial terms over three months with higher yields during the Reporting Period. The total of our cash and
cash equivalents and term deposits reached USD444.9 million as at December 31, 2025.

The following table sets forth our cash flows for the years indicated.

                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                                           2025                 2024
                                                                                       USD’000              USD’000
Net cash generated from operating activities                                             78,567                16,917
Net cash used in investing activities                                                  (156,112)            (138,825)
Net cash used in financing activities                                                   (26,415)              (28,460)
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                              (103,960)            (150,368)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                      227,103              379,734
Exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents                                      3,563                (2,263)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                        126,706              227,103


Exposure to exchange rate fluctuation

Our businesses are principally conducted in RMB, USD, EUR and Brazilian Real (“BRL”). The majority of our assets
are denominated in USD and RMB. We are mainly subject to foreign exchange risks arising from translation exposure
and commercial transactions made under foreign currencies. We do not have other significant exposure to foreign
exchange risks.

We recognized net foreign exchange gain of USD0.8 million in FY2025, as compared to net foreign exchange gain of
USD2.9 million in FY2024. In addition, in FY2025, we recorded exchange differences on translation of the Company
of USD0.8 million as other comprehensive income, as compared with USD2.9 million in FY2024, primarily due to the
exchange rate fluctuation.

We have not implemented any hedging arrangements. We are managing our foreign exchange risks by closely
monitoring the movements of the foreign currency rates, and will make certain arrangements to hedge the risks when
necessary according to our treasury management strategy. Cash repatriation from the PRC is subject to the rules
and regulations of foreign exchange control promulgated by the PRC government. We did not have other significant
exposure to foreign exchange risk.


18   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Capital expenditure

In FY2025, our total capital expenditure amounted to USD28.2 million, which primarily consisted of the cash paid for
the purchase of property, plant and equipment in our manufacturing facilities.

Capital commitments

Our capital commitments primarily consisted of acquisitions of property, plant and equipment and intangible asset.
The following table sets forth a summary of our capital commitments as of the dates indicated.

                                                                                         As at December 31,
                                                                                             2025                 2024
                                                                                        USD’000               USD’000
Property, plant and equipment                                                               2,578                1,788
Intangible asset                                                                            1,276                  521
Total                                                                                       3,854                2,309


Contingent liabilities

As at December 31, 2025, we did not have any material contingent liabilities. Please refer to Note 36 to the financial
information for further details of the contingencies.

Future plans for material investments and capital assets

Save as disclosed in this report, as at December 31, 2025, we did not have other substantial future plans for material
investments and capital assets.

Material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries and affiliated companies

Save as disclosed in this report, in FY2025, we did not have any other material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries
and affiliated companies.

Significant investments and acquisition of capital assets

On August 25, 2025, Wuxi EA, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, has entered into an investment agreement
with Shanghai Maxflex and its then existing shareholders, including entities controlled by CareCapital Group, the
Group and other shareholders of Shanghai Maxflex who are independent third parties pursuant to which Wuxi
EA has conditionally agreed to subscribe for 5% of the enlarged registered share capital of Shanghai Maxflex at
a consideration of RMB10.0 million in cash. Upon the completion of the Investment, the Group will be beneficially
interested in 9.7% equity interest in Shanghai Maxflex. For details, please refer to the announcements of the
Company dated August 25, 2025 and September 2, 2025.

Save as disclosed in this report, in FY2025, we did not make any significant investments nor made any significant
acquisition of capital assets.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2025            19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Charge on the Group’s assets

As at December 31, 2025, we had pledged certain property, plant and equipment in Brazil with a net carrying value of
BRL28.0 million, equivalent to USD5.1 million for the banking facilities granted to Aditek to finance its daily working
capital and capital expenditure plans.

Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2025, we had no other charges on our assets.

Bank borrowings and gearing ratio

As at December 31, 2025, our bank borrowings amounted to USD2.5 million, all of which consisted of bank borrowings
made by Aditek (denominated in BRL). The gearing ratio as at December 31, 2025 is 0.5%, which represents the
percentage of bank borrowings to total equity.

Key financial indicators

The following table sets forth certain of our key financial ratios as of the dates and for the years indicated.

                                                                                                     As at/for the year ended
                                                                                                          December 31,
                                                                                                          2025                   2024
Profitability ratios
Gross profit margin(1)                                                                                   62.9%                  62.6%
Net profit margin(2)                                                                                      7.1%                   3.7%
Adjusted net profit margin(3)                                                                            11.8%                  10.0%

Liquidity ratios
Current ratio(4)                                                                                            3.0                   3.8


 (1)   The calculation of gross profit margin is based on gross profit divided by revenue for the year indicated and multiplied by
       100.0%.


 (2)   The calculation of net profit margin is based on net profit divided by revenue for the year indicated and multiplied by 100.0%.


 (3)   The calculation of adjusted net profit margin, a non-IFRS measure, is based on adjusted net profit divided by revenue for the
       year indicated and multiplied by 100.0%.


 (4)   The calculation of current ratio is based on current assets divided by current liabilities.




20     Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                    NON-IFRS MEASURES
To supplement our condensed consolidated financial statements which are presented in accordance with the IFRS,
we use adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net profit as additional financial measures, which are not required by or
presented in accordance with the IFRS. To help the users of the financial statements to have a better understanding
on the operating results of the Company, we define: (1) adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA (which is profit before income
tax plus depreciation of property, plant and equipment, depreciation of right-of-use assets, and amortization of
intangible assets, less interest income recorded as finance income) for the year with adjustments of certain items
which are not considered indicative of our operating performance including share-based payments, unrealized fair
value losses recognized in profit or loss in relation to unlisted equity investment, and net foreign exchange losses,
and (2) adjusted net profit as profit for the year adjusted by certain items which are not considered indicative of
our operating performance, including share-based payments, amortization of intangible assets related to certain
acquisitions, unrealized fair value losses recognized in profit or loss in relation to unlisted equity investment, and net
foreign exchange losses.

We believe that these non-IFRS measures facilitate comparisons of operating performance from period to period and
company to company by eliminating potential impacts of items that our management does not consider indicative of
our operating performance.

The following table reconciles our adjusted segment profit for the years indicated.

                                                                   Year ended                      Year ended
                                                                December 31, 2025               December 31, 2024
                                                                                Global                          Global
                                                                              markets                         markets
                                                               Chinese            (ex-         Chinese             (ex-
                                                              mainland        Chinese         mainland        Chinese
                                                                market       mainland)          market       mainland)
                                                               USD’000         USD’000         USD’000         USD’000
Segment profit/(loss)                                            46,394         (14,757)         26,846         (31,155)
Add:
Share-based payments                                               4,912          4,221           9,789           1,501
Adjusted segment profit/(loss)                                   51,306         (10,536)         36,635         (29,654)




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025            21
NON-IFRS MEASURES



The following table reconciles our adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net profit for the years indicated.

                                                                                    Year ended          Year ended
                                                                                  December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                       USD’000            USD’000
Profit for the year                                                                      26,327             10,016
Add:
Income tax expenses                                                                       5,365              1,651
Profit before income tax                                                                 31,692             11,667
Add:
(Finance income-net)                                                                     (1,946)             (5,458)
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                            10,857               8,859
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                       5,167               4,661
Amortization of intangible assets                                                         2,403               2,139
EBITDA                                                                                   48,173             21,868
Add:
Share-based payments                                                                      9,133             11,290
Unrealized fair value losses recognized in profit or
  loss in relation to unlisted equity investment                                          6,580              1,663
Net foreign exchange losses                                                                 754              2,922
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                          64,640             37,743

Profit for the year                                                                      26,327             10,016
Add:
Share-based payments                                                                      9,133             11,290
Unrealized fair value losses recognized in profit or
  loss in relation to unlisted equity investment                                          6,580              1,663
Amortization in relation to acquisition                                                     976                964
Net foreign exchange losses                                                                 754              2,922
Adjusted net profit                                                                      43,770             26,855




22   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                         DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Directors

Executive directors

Mr. FENG Dai (馮岱), aged 50, is our chairman of the Board and re-designated and appointed as an executive Director
with effect from April 23, 2026. Mr. Feng is primarily responsible for strategy, corporate governance, risk management
and business development of our Group. Mr. Feng joined our Group in May 2012.

Since 2015, Mr. Feng has been a co-founder of CareCapital Advisors, an investor and strategy advisor in oral health
innovations, overseeing a portfolio of technology companies, and advising entrepreneurs as well as academic and
industry leaders. He also serves as a member of the Board of Fellows of the Harvard School of Dental Medicine, as the
Co-Chairman of the International Orthodontic Foundation, and from 2018 to 2023 as a director of the Board of The
Forsyth Institute, a leading oral health research organization in Boston. He also served as an independent director
for WuXi AppTec Co., Ltd. (無錫藥明康德新藥開發股份有限公司) (stock codes: 2359.HK; 603259.SH) from December
2018 to January 2025 and Sling Group Holdings Limited (stock code: 8285.HK) from December 2017 to August 2024,
respectively. He was employed from 2004 to 2014 at Warburg Pincus, a private equity partnership, and served as
its partner for healthcare venture and growth investing in Asia. He was previously employed at Goldman Sachs, an
investment bank, in various years between 1997 and 2004.

Mr. Feng graduated from Harvard University with a bachelor’s degree in engineering sciences in 1997.

Mr. HU Jiezhang (胡杰章), aged 51, is our executive Director, chief executive officer and chief technology officer, and
is primarily responsible for the overall strategic planning and daily operations of our Group, including promoting
the development of our digital technology. Mr. Hu joined our Group and was appointed as a non-executive Director
in December 2020, and was re-designated and appointed as an executive Director, a member of the Remuneration
Committee and the chief executive officer with effect from July 2023.

Mr. Hu has served as a venture partner and managing director of CareCapital Advisors Limited, an investor and
strategic advisor in oral health, overseeing a portfolio of technology and clinical companies worldwide, and guiding
oral heath entrepreneurs and leaders since January 2018. Mr. Hu currently serves as non-executive chairman of
Shanghai CareCapital Dental Devices Co., Ltd., a leading distribution group of dental products based out of China.
Prior to that, Mr. Hu was a vice president at Zoom Commerce Ltd. from June 2016 to January 2018. Mr. Hu also
served as a vice president at Beyondsoft Corporation, a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code:
002649), from December 2012 to May 2016. Mr. Hu also worked for several other companies, including served as a
vice president at Achievo Information Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. from May 2007 to November 2012, as a general
manager at Guangzhou Jie’ao Computer Technology Co., Ltd. from February 2003 to April 2007, and as a technical
director at Zoom Commerce Ltd. from November 1999 to January 2003.

Mr. Hu graduated from Nanjing University with a bachelor’s degree in applied physics in July 1995.

Mr. HUANG Kun (黃琨), aged 43, is our executive Director and the president of global business (ex-Chinese mainland),
and is primarily responsible for the internationalization strategies and global business operation and expansion of our
Group. Mr. Huang joined our Group 11 years ago in January 2015 and was appointed as a non-executive Director in
November 2018 and a member of the Remuneration Committee in June 2021, and was re-designated and appointed
as an executive Director and the president of global business (ex-Chinese mainland) with effect from September
2023. Currently, he also serves as a director of certain of our subsidiaries, including Wuxi EA, Shanghai EA Medical
Instruments Co., Ltd. and Angelalign Technology Pte. Ltd.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025          23
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Since 2015, Mr. Huang has been a co-founder of CareCapital Advisors, an investor and strategic advisor in oral health,
overseeing a portfolio of technology and clinical companies worldwide, and guiding oral heath entrepreneurs and
leaders. Mr. Huang also serves as the co-chairman of the board of International Orthodontics Foundation Limited, a
not-for-profit research and education organization devoted to improving orthodontic care worldwide, and a director
of Purgo Biologics, a bone regenerative materials company based in Seoul. Prior to that, Mr. Huang served as a vice
president of Warburg Pincus, a private equity partnership, from July 2011 to March 2015 and as a senior investment
manager of Orchid Asia Investment Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. from June 2007 to June 2011.

Mr. Huang graduated from Tsinghua University with a bachelor’s degree in finance in July 2005.

Ms. DONG Li (董莉), aged 55, is an executive Director and the chief financial officer of the Company. Ms. Dong was
first appointed as an independent non-executive Director in May 2021. She was subsequently re-designated as an
executive Director and appointed as the chief financial officer with effect from April 2023. She has also served as a
member of the Nomination Committee since June 2025.

 Ms. Dong currently serves as an independent non-executive director of Yixin Group Limited, a company listed on the
 Stock Exchange (stock code: 2858), a position she has held since November 2017. She also serves as an independent
 non-executive director of Bestsenic (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Science and Technology Innovation
 Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688608), since October 2025. Previously, Ms. Dong served as an
 independent non-executive director of Telink Semiconductor (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Science
 and Technology Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688591), from January 2021 to
 December 2023. She also served as an independent non-executive director of 58.com Inc., a company formerly listed
 on the New York Stock Exchange (ticker: WUBA), from April 2020 to September 2020. Prior to joining the Company, Ms.
 Dong served as chief financial officer and executive director of RDA Microelectronics, Inc., a company formerly listed
 on NASDAQ (ticker: RDA), from November 2007 to July 2015. Earlier in her career, she held various finance positions
 at Hewlett-Packard in China from 1992 to 2005, with her final role being Finance Operations Manager of Hewlett-
 Packard Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.

 Ms. Dong obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics from Nanjing University of Science and Technology in July 1992.
 She further obtained a master of business administration (MBA) degree from China Europe International Business
 School in April 2004. She is an accountant certified by the Ministry of Finance of the PRC since October 1994.

Independent non-executive directors

Mr. HAN Xiaojing (韓小京), aged 71, is our independent non-executive Director, and is primarily responsible for
supervising and providing independent opinion to our Board. Mr. Han has been appointed as our independent
non-executive Director since May 2021. Mr. Han has been appointed as the chairman of the Remuneration Committee
and a member of the Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee, respectively, effective from June 16, 2021.

Mr. Han is the founding partner of Commerce & Finance Law Offices and has been an attorney there since May 1992.
Mr. Han is admitted to practicing law in the PRC and has more than 30 years of experience in the legal profession.
Mr. Han has also been an independent non-executive director at Sino-Ocean Group Holding Limited, a real estate
company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3377), Far East Horizon Limited, a company listed on the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 3360) and Vital Mobile Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code:
6133), since June 2007, March 2011 and June 2019, respectively. He served as a supervisor at Ping An Bank Company
Limited, a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000001), from October 2020 to January 2026.




24   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Mr. Han graduated from Hubei Finance College (currently known as Zhongnan University of Economics and Law) with
a bachelor’s degree in law in July 1982. He further obtained a master’s degree in law from China University of Political
Science and Law in July 1985.

Mr. SHI Zi (石子), aged 56, is our independent non-executive Director, and is primarily responsible for supervising and
providing independent opinion to our Board. Mr. Shi has been appointed as our independent non-executive Director
since May 2021. Mr. Shi has been appointed as a member of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and
the Nomination Committee, respectively, effective from June 16, 2021.

Mr. Shi has been the executive director and general manager of Shenzhen Qianhai E-Cloud Technology Company
Limited since January 2015. He also worked as a senior partner at Junsan Capital Management Company Limited
from September 2009 to September 2014 and a vice president of the group at SF Express (Group) Company Limited
from July 2007 to November 2009. Prior to that, Mr. Shi served as the director of the information technology
department and the director of factory affairs at Hitachi Global Storage Technologies (Shenzhen) Company Limited
(formerly known as Shenzhen IBM Technology Products Company Limited) from January 1999 to July 2007.

Mr. Shi graduated from Tsinghua University with a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering in July 1993. He further
obtained a master’s degree in business administration from Tsinghua Shenzhen International Graduate School in July
2006.

Mr. ZHOU Hao (周浩), aged 49, is our independent non-executive Director, and is primarily responsible for
supervising and providing independent opinion to our Board. Mr. Zhou has been appointed as our independent
non-executive Director, the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of each of the Nomination Committee
and Remuneration Committee since April 2023.

Mr. Zhou has served as an independent non-executive director of WuXi XDC Cayman Inc., a company listed on the
Stock Exchange (stock code: 2268) since November 2023, an independent non-executive director of Bairong Inc.,
a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6608) since March 2021, and an independent non-executive
director of Meitu, Inc., a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1357) since November 2016.

From June 2011 to September 2019, Mr. Zhou was the chief financial officer of 58.com Inc., (NYSE: WUBA), a company
that operates online marketplace serving local merchants and consumers in the PRC, and was subsequently
re-designated as the head of international business in September 2019 and the chief strategic officer in April 2020.
In November 2020, he was redesignated as the chief strategy officer of Anjuke, the housing subsidiary of 58.com Inc.
and served the role until March 2023. Prior to that, in September 2010, Mr. Zhou joined CITIC Pharmaceutical Co Ltd.,
a pharmaceutical service provider that supplies medicine and related consumables to hospitals as the chief financial
officer. From May 2009 to September 2010, Mr. Zhou was the vice president of finance and the chief financial officer
at Wuxi PharmaTech (Cayman) Inc., (NYSE: WX). Before then, in January 2007, Mr. Zhou joined General Electric (China)
Co., Ltd. as a financial manager.

Mr. Zhou received his bachelor’s degree from Shanghai International Studies University in July 1998.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025          25
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Senior Management

Mr. FENG Dai (馮岱), aged 50, is our chairman of the Board and an executive Director. Please refer to “Directors and
Senior Management – Directors” for his biographical details.

Mr. HU Jiezhang (胡杰章), aged 51, is our executive Director, chief executive officer and chief technology officer.
Please refer to “Directors and Senior Management – Directors” for his biographical details.

Mr. HUANG Kun (黃琨), aged 43, is our executive Director and the president of global business (ex-Mainland China).
Please refer to “Directors and Senior Management – Directors” for his biographical details.

Ms. DONG Li (董莉), aged 55, is our executive Director and chief financial officer. Please refer to “Directors and Senior
Management – Directors” for her biographical details.

Mr. Richard Hirschland, aged 64, is our senior vice president and global chief commercial officer, and is primarily
responsible for commercial operations of our Group outside of China. Mr. Hirschland participated in our business
operation as an advisor since January 2023, and joined our Group in August 2024.

Mr. Hirschland has more than 25 years of experience in global commercial operations in oral healthcare industries.
Prior to joining our Group, from January 2019 to June 2020, Mr. Hirschland worked as vice-president and general
manager, imaging business unit at Envista (NYSE: NVST), a company focusing on oral healthcare related services
and solutions, which spun off from Danaher Corporation (NYSE: DHR), a conglomerate with a focus on biotechnology,
diagnostics, and life sciences businesses. From 2016 to 2019, and from 2020 to 2023 Mr. Hirschland served as a
senior advisor to CareCapital and Carlyle, which are global private equity firms, working on oral healthcare related
projects. From 2007 to 2015, Mr. Hirschland served as the president of the Carestream Dental Division of Carestream
Health, Inc., a global business comprised of digital equipment, practice management software and consumables.
Prior to that, from 1983 to 2007, Mr. Hirschland worked in a number of areas including the dental business for
Eastman Kodak Company, with his last position being a corporate vice president.

Mr. Hirschland graduated from Cornell University with a bachelor’s degree in operations research in May 1983, and
obtained a master’s degree in engineering from Cornell University in August 1993.

Mr. SONG Xin (宋鑫), aged 39, is our chief strategy officer. Mr. Song joined our Group in August 2011, and has served
as an executive Director from April 2021 to April 2026. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Song had served as a regional
manager at Guizhou Tongjitang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. from March 2009 to July 2011.

Mr. Song graduated from Henan University of Technology with his bachelor’s degree in bio-technology in July 2008,
and graduated from Fudan University with an EMBA degree in July 2024.

Company Secretary

Mr. LEE Leong Yin (李亮賢) was appointed as the company secretary of the Company since May 2025. Mr. Lee is
currently a senior manager in the Company Secretarial Services Department of Tricor Services Limited, a global
professional services provider specializing in integrated business, corporate and investor services. Mr. Lee has over
15 years of experience in the corporate secretarial field. Mr. Lee has been providing professional corporate service
to Hong Kong listed companies as well as multinational, private and offshore companies. Mr. Lee is a Chartered
Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional and a Fellow of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute
and The Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom.


26   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
The Board is pleased to present this Directors’ Report together with the consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the year ended December 31, 2025.

Principal Activities

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on November 29, 2018, as an exempted company with limited
liability under the Cayman Companies Act. The Company is an investment holding company. The Group is a global
service provider of clear aligner technology, production and sales. The Company was listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange on June 16, 2021 with stock code 6699.

The activities and particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are set out in Note 38 to the consolidated
financial statements. An analysis of the Group’s revenue and operating profit for the year ended December 31, 2025
by principal activities is set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report and
Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements. There were no significant changes in the nature of the Company’s
principal activities during the Reporting Period.

Business Review and Results and Future Development

A review of the business of the Group during the Reporting Period is provided in the section headed “Management
Discussion and Analysis – Business Review” of this annual report. An analysis of the Group’s performance during the
Reporting Period is provided in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis – Financial Review” of this
annual report.

The results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report.

The future development in the Company’s business is provided in the sections headed “Management Discussion and
Analysis – Business Review” and “Management Discussion and Analysis – Outlook” of this annual report.

Principal Risks and Uncertainties Facing the Group

We are subject to market risks brought by, among others, uncertainties of the economic outlook, evolving regulations
and policies. Please refer to the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis – Outlook” for more
information.

Major Customers and Suppliers

For the Reporting Period,

(i)    the Group’s largest supplier accounted for 15.2% (2024: 11.1%) of its total purchases, and the five largest
       suppliers accounted for 51.8% of its total purchases (2024: 35.0%); and

(ii)   the Group’s largest customer accounted for 2.2% (2024: 2.5%) of its total sales, and the five largest customers
       accounted for 9.5% of its total sales (2024: 11.1%).




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025         27
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Save as one of our five largest customers, which is an entity controlled by CareCapital Group and one of our five
largest suppliers, which is an associate（as defined under Listing Rules）of one of our substantial shareholders, none
of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholders of the Company (which, to the best knowledge of
the Directors, own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) had any interest in the Group’s five largest
customers and suppliers for 2025.

Key Relationships with its Employees, Customers and Suppliers

For details of relationship with the employees, customers and suppliers, please refer to the “Major Customers and
Suppliers” and “Employee, Training and Remuneration Policies” section in this annual report and 2025 Environmental,
Social and Governance Report dated April 24, 2026.

Property, Plant and Equipment

Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in
Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.

Share Capital

During the Reporting Period, the Company has issued Shares underlying the restricted share units granted under the
Post-IPO RSU Scheme of the Company.

Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 21 to the
consolidated financial statements.

Debentures

The Company did not issue any debentures during the Reporting Period.

Distributable Reserves

The Company’s reserves available for distribution to its Shareholders as of December 31, 2025 amounted to USD
397.2 million. Movement in the Company’s reserves for the year ended December 31, 2025 is set out in Note 38 to the
consolidated financial statements of the Group included in this annual report.

Equity-Linked Agreements

Save as disclosed in the section headed “Share Award Schemes” below, no equity-linked agreements that will or may
result in the Company issuing shares or that require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or may result
in the Company issuing shares were entered into by the Company during the Reporting Period or subsisted at the end
of the Reporting Period.

Directors and Senior Management

The Directors and senior management during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this Directors’ Report were:




28   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                   REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Executive Directors

Mr. FENG Dai (Chairman) (re-designated from non-executive Director with effect from April 23, 2026)
Mr. HU Jiezhang
Mr. HUANG Kun
Ms. DONG Li
Mr. SONG Xin (resigned as an executive director with effect from April 23, 2026)

Independent non-executive Directors

Mr. HAN Xiaojing
Mr. SHI Zi
Mr. ZHOU Hao

Senior management

Mr. FENG Dai
Mr. HU Jiezhang
Mr. HUANG Kun
Ms. DONG Li
Mr. Richard Hirschland
Mr. SONG Xin (resigned as an executive director with effect from April 23, 2026)

Biographical Details of Directors and senior management are set out in “Director and Senior Management” of this
report.

From the date of the Company’s 2025 interim report on September 22, 2025 to the date of this annual report, save as
disclosed in “Director and Senior Management” of this annual report, there were no changes to information which are
required to be disclosed by Directors pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.

Directors’ Service Contracts

Our executive Directors, Mr. FENG Dai, Mr. HU Jiezhang, Mr. HUANG Kun, and Ms. DONG Li, have entered into
service contracts with our Company with effect on April 23, 2026, July 31, 2023, September 1, 2023 and April 3, 2026,
respectively. We have issued letters of appointment to our independent non-executive Directors, Mr. ZHOU Hao, Mr.
HAN Xiaojing and Mr. SHI Zhi, with effect on April 11, 2026, March 19, 2024 and March 19, 2024, respectively. The
service contracts with each of our executive Directors and the letters of appointment with each of our independent
non-executive Directors are for a fixed term of three years commencing from the date on which the service contract
and/or letter of appointment was taken into effect. The service contracts and the letters of appointment are subject
to termination in accordance with their respective terms. The service contracts and the letters of appointment may be
renewed in accordance with the Articles of Association and the applicable Listing Rules.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025         29
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors has a service contract and/or the letter of appointment with members
of the Group that is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than
statutory compensation).

Directors’ Interest in Competing Business

Save as disclosed in the section headed “Relationship with our Controlling Shareholders – Non-competition
Undertaking” in the Prospectus, none of the Directors were interested in any business which competes or is likely to
compete with the businesses of the Group during the Reporting Period.

Significant Contracts

Save as disclosed in Note 39 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group included in this annual report,
none of the Directors or their respective connected entities (as defined in the Listing Rules) had a material interest,
either directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to the business of the Group
subsisting during or at the end of the Reporting Period to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party.

During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in the section headed “Report of the Directors – Continuing Connected
Transactions” in this annual report and the announcements of the Company dated February 19, 2025, April 22, 2025,
April 29, 2025, June 24, 2025, August 25, 2025 and September 2, 2025, the Group has not entered into any contract of
significance with the controlling shareholders of the Company or any of their respective subsidiaries.

Continuing Connected Transactions

Among the related party transactions disclosed in Note 35 to the consolidated financial statements, the following
transactions constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Rule 14A.31 of the Listing Rules
and are required to be disclosed in this annual report in accordance with Rule 14A.71 of the Listing Rules.

The Company confirmed that for the related party transactions falling under the definition of “connected transaction”
or “continuing connected transaction” (as the case may be) in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules during the Reporting
Period, it had complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. We set
out below the information required to be disclosed in compliance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules during the
Reporting Period.

Clear aligners purchase and sales framework agreement

On October 24, 2023, Wuxi EA and CC Dental entered into a clear aligners purchase and sales framework agreement
(the “2024-2026 Clear Aligners Purchase and Sales Framework Agreement”) for a term of three years commencing
from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2026. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated October 24,
2023 and the circular of the Company dated December 1, 2023 for details.




30   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Fees charged by the Group with all the distributors (including independent distributors) for purchases of its clear
aligners and oral care products and services shall be primarily determined based on the general guide on sales price
of such goods as provided by the Group from time to time to the distributors (including independent distributors). The
Group, on annual basis, will first determine the general guide sales price with the distributors (including independent
distributors) based on arm’s length negotiations after taking into account of primarily (i) the estimated gross profit
of its products and services for such year and the estimated market demand in such year; (ii) the total sales volume
the counterparty agreed to purchase from the Group; and (iii) the estimated industry position and sales capacity
of the Group. The Company then applies the same pricing policy and form of distributorship agreement for all its
transactions with CC Dental Group as other distributors (including independent distributors). The Company may
adjust the sales price to certain distributors (including independent distributors) based on the type of relevant
end customers of such distributors to facilitate the marketing and promotion of the Company’s brand name and
products. The sales prices with CC Dental Group are in line with the pricing policy and general guide sales price
with other distributors, and the Company has not provided any special discount to CC Dental Group. The Group
settled payment directly with CC Dental Group for the goods purchase price and CC Dental Group paid the Group
on a monthly basis or instantly. Specific price and payment will be made according to the respective contracts as
further entered into between CC Dental Group and the Group under the 2024-2026 Clear Aligners Purchase and Sales
Framework Agreement, which shall be generally the same as the contracts between the Group and other independent
distributors.

The annual caps for the transactions under the 2024-2026 Clear Aligners Purchase and Sales Framework Agreement
shall be RMB222.0 million, RMB260.0 million and RMB291.0 million for the years of 2024, 2025 and 2026,
respectively.

CC Dental Group is controlled by CareCapital Group, the controlling shareholder of the Company. Mr. FENG Dai,
the chairman and an executive Director of the Company, is the ultimate controlling person of CareCapital Group.
Accordingly, CC Dental Group is a connected person of the Company under Rule 14A.07 of the Listing Rules and the
transactions with CC Dental Group constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A
of the Listing Rules.

The 2025 annual cap under the 2024-2026 Clear Aligners Purchase and Sales Framework Agreement was RMB260.0
million. The actual aggregate transaction amount incurred in accordance with the 2024-2026 Clear Aligners Purchase
and Sales Framework Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2025 was RMB140.5 million.

Maxflex Product Purchase Cooperation Framework Agreement

On February 19, 2025, Wuxi EA, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a product purchase
cooperation framework agreement (the “Maxflex Product Purchase Cooperation Framework Agreement”) with
Shanghai Maxflex, an associate (as defined under the Listing Rules) of CareCapital Group, pursuant to which Wuxi EA
shall purchase from Shanghai Maxflex certain raw materials for the production of clear aligners. The Maxflex Product
Purchase Cooperation Framework Agreement has a term commencing on February 19, 2025 to December 31, 2027.
Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated February 19, 2025 for details.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025          31
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



The purchase price of the raw materials shall be determined by Wuxi EA and Shanghai Maxflex through fair
negotiations on an arm’s length basis comprehensively with reference to the prevailing market competition
conditions. In particular, such price shall be as competitive as prices provided by Shanghai Maxflex to other third-
party buyers. The Group shall only purchase raw materials from Shanghai Maxflex at comparable market prices not
higher than those offered to such other third-party buyers. Comparable market prices refer to the prices arrived at
with reference to those charged or quoted by at least two independent third parties offering the same or similar raw
materials with a comparable scale of raw material sales in areas where such materials were then sold under normal
trading conditions.

The specific purchase price and settlement arrangement will be subject to the relevant terms of the respective
contracts as further entered into between Wuxi EA and Shanghai Maxflex under the Maxflex Product Purchase
Cooperation Framework Agreement, which shall generally be in line with the business practice between Shanghai
Maxflex and its other third-party buyers.

The annual caps for the transactions under the Maxflex Product Purchase Cooperation Framework Agreement shall
be RMB30.0 million, RMB42.0 million and RMB58.8 million for the years of 2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively.

Shanghai Maxflex is directly and indirectly owned by the CareCapital Group, the controlling Shareholder of the
Company, as to 30%. As such, Shanghai Maxflex is a connected person of the Company under Rule 14A.07 of the
Listing Rules, and the transactions contemplated under the Maxflex Product Purchase Cooperation Framework
Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The 2025 annual cap under the Maxflex Product Purchase Cooperation Framework Agreement was RMB30.0 million.
The actual aggregate transaction amount incurred in accordance with the Maxflex Product Purchase Cooperation
Framework Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2025 was RMB15.0 million.

Kaihao Product Purchase Cooperation Framework Agreement

On June 24, 2025, Wuxi EA, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a product purchase cooperation
framework agreement with Shanghai Kaihao (the “Kaihao Product Purchase Cooperation Framework Agreement”),
an associate (as defined under the Listing Rules) of Ms. Li Huamin, a substantial Shareholder of the Company. The
Kaihao Product Purchase Cooperation Framework Agreement has a term commencing on July 1, 2025 to December
31, 2026. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated June 24, 2025 for details.

Pursuant to the Kaihao Product Purchase Cooperation Framework Agreement, Wuxi EA shall purchase from Shanghai
Kaihao certain raw materials for the production of clear aligners in accordance with the written contracts as shall be
further entered into between Shanghai Kaihao and Wuxi EA from time to time.

The purchase price of the raw materials shall be determined through fair negotiations on an arm’s length basis by
Wuxi EA and Shanghai Kaihao with reference to the prevailing market competition conditions comprehensively. In
particular, such price shall be based on the market guideline price given to other third-party buyers by Shanghai
Kaihao and shall not be less favorable than the prices or conditions offered by Shanghai Kaihao to other third-
party buyers. Shanghai Kaihao is entitled to adjust the purchase price according to the market conditions, if there is
adjustment, Shanghai Kaihao and Wuxi EA shall negotiate to reach consensus. The Group shall only purchase raw
materials from Shanghai Kaihao at comparable market prices not higher than those offered to such other third-party
buyers. Comparable market prices refer to the prices arrived at with reference to those charged or quoted by at least
two independent third parties offering the same or similar raw materials with a comparable scale of raw material
sales in areas where such materials were then sold under normal trading conditions.


32   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



The specific purchase price and settlement arrangement will be subject to the relevant terms of the respective
contracts as further entered into between Wuxi EA and Shanghai Kaihao under the Product Purchase Cooperation
Framework Agreement, which shall generally be in line with the business practice between Shanghai Kaihao and its
other third-party buyers.

The annual caps for the transactions under the Kaihao Product Purchase Cooperation Framework Agreement shall be
RMB35.0 million for the six months ended December 31, 2025 and RMB65.0 million for the year ending December 31,
2026, respectively.

Shanghai Kaihao is owned as to 40.0% by Ms. Li, a substantial Shareholder of the Company. As such, Shanghai
Kaihao is a connected person of the Company under Rule 14A.07 of the Listing Rules, and the transactions
contemplated under the Kaihao Product Purchase Cooperation Framework Agreement constitute continuing
connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The cap for the six months ended December 31, 2025 under the Kaihao Product Purchase Cooperation Framework
Agreement was RMB35.0 million. The actual aggregate transaction amount incurred in accordance with the Kaihao
Product Purchase Cooperation Framework Agreement for the six months ending December 31, 2025 was RMB24.6
million.

Annual review by independent non-executive Directors and the auditor

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions mentioned above
pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules and confirmed that the aforesaid continuing connected transactions:

(i)    were entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(ii)   were on normal commercial terms or better to the Group; and

(iii) were in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in
      the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

The auditor of the Company has been engaged to report on the continuing connected transactions of the Company in
accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other
Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter
on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued an unqualified letter containing their conclusions in respect of
the aforesaid continuing connected transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. In respect of the
aforesaid continuing connected transactions, the auditor of the Company has confirmed that:

(i)    nothing has come to their attention that cause them to believe that the aforesaid continuing connected
       transactions have not been approved by the Board;

(ii)   for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention
       that causes them to believe that such transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the
       pricing policies of the Group;




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025         33
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



(iii) nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the aforesaid continuing connected
      transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements
      governing the aforesaid continuing connected transactions; and

(iv) with respect to the aggregate actual transaction amount of each of the aforesaid continuing connected
     transactions, nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that such actual transaction
     amounts have exceeded the relevant annual caps.

Internal control measures

The Company has adopted the following internal control and corporate governance measures to closely monitor
connected transactions and ensure future compliance with the Listing Rules:

(i)    the Company has adopted and implemented a management system on connected transactions and the Board
       and various internal departments of the Company are responsible for the control and daily management in
       respect of the continuing connected transactions;

(ii)   the Board and various internal departments of the Company are jointly responsible for evaluating the terms
       of the continuing connected transactions, in particular, the fairness of the pricing policies and annual caps (if
       applicable) under each transaction;

(iii) the Board and various internal departments of the Company are regularly monitoring the connected transactions
      and the management of the Company will regularly review the pricing policies to ensure the connected
      transactions to be performed in accordance with the relevant agreements;

(iv) the Company has adopted and implemented a distributor management policy on managing all its distributors,
     which governs the entire process of engaging and changing distributors and relevant arrangements, pursuant to
     which, all the distributors are subject to the same requirements such as qualification, compliance, settlement,
     performance review process. The Company has also adopted internal policy managing the sales prices with the
     distributors (including distributors who are connected persons of the Company), which requires the Company
     to apply the same pricing policy and guide price to all its distributors and to determine its general sales guide
     on annual basis. The management and internal business department are primarily responsible for determining
     the sales prices with all the distributors and monitoring the implementation of the distributor management and
     pricing policy;

(v)    the Company has engaged independent auditor which will, and the independent non-executive Directors also
       will, conduct annual review on the connected transactions to ensure that the transactions contemplated
       thereunder have been conducted pursuant to the requirements of the Listing Rules and have fulfilled the
       relevant disclosure requirements; and

(vi) the Company will continue to comply with the relevant requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules for
     the continuing connected transactions, and comply with the conditions prescribed under the wavier submitted
     to the Stock Exchange in connection with the continuing connected transactions in this regard.




34     Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Other Connected Transactions

During the Reporting Period, the Company made other connected transactions falling under the definition of
“connected transaction” in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules and are required to be disclosed in this annual report in
accordance with Rule 14A.71 of the Listing Rules as follows:

Investment in a connected entity

On August 25, 2025, Wuxi EA, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, has entered into an investment agreement
with Shanghai Maxflex and its then existing shareholders, including entities controlled by CareCapital Group and
the Group, pursuant to which Wuxi EA has conditionally agreed to subscribe for 5% of the enlarged registered share
capital of Shanghai Maxflex at a consideration of RMB10.0 million in cash. Upon the completion of the investment,
the Group was beneficially interested in approximately 9.7% equity interest in Shanghai Maxflex.

CareCapital Group, the Controlling Shareholder of the Company, directly and indirectly owns as to over 30% equity
interest in Shanghai Maxflex as of the date of the investment. As such, Shanghai Maxflex is a connected person
of the Company under Rule 14A.07 of the Listing Rules, and the transactions contemplated under the investment
agreement constitute connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated August 25, 2025 and September 2, 2025.

Management Contracts

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.

Remuneration of Directors and Five Individuals with Highest Emoluments

Details of the emoluments of the Directors and five highest paid individuals are set out in Notes 39 and 8 to the
consolidated financial statements.

None of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and there were no emoluments paid by the Group
to any of the Directors or other individuals as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for
loss of office.

Employees, Training and Remuneration Policies

As of December 31, 2025, we had 4,312 employees. The staff costs including Directors’ emoluments and share-based
payment expenses were approximately USD 166.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2025.

Our employees’ compensation includes basic salary, performance-based cash bonuses, incentive shares and other
incentives. We determine our employees’ compensation based on each employee’s performance, qualifications,
position and seniority.

We recognize the importance of keeping the Directors updated with the latest information of duties and obligations of
a director of a company whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange and the general regulatory and environmental
requirements for such listed company. To meet this goal, we are committed to the continuing education and
development of our Directors and employees.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025          35
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



The Directors and senior management receive remuneration from the Company in the form of fees, salaries,
contributions to pension schemes, discretionary bonuses, allowances and other benefits in kind. The Board has
established the Remuneration Committee to review and recommend the remuneration and compensation packages
of the Directors and senior management of the Company, and the Board, with the advice from the Remuneration
Committee, will review and determine the remuneration and compensation packages taking into account salaries
paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities of the Directors and senior management and
performance of the Group.

In accordance with the labour laws and regulations in China and other countries we operated in, our local corporate
entities have respectively established labour relationships with the local employees and, where applicable, entered
into labour contracts with our employees covering matters such as wages, bonuses, employee benefits, workplace
safety, confidentiality obligations, non-competition and grounds for termination. In compliance with applicable
regulations, we participate in various employee social security plans that are organized by applicable local municipal
and provincial governments, including housing, pension, medical, work-related injury and unemployment benefit
plans.

To incentivize the employees and promote the long-term growth of the Company, we have also conditionally adopted
the Pre-IPO Share Award Schemes, the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Post-IPO RSU Scheme to provide
equity incentive to our employees, Directors and senior management. Please refer to “Report of the Directors – Share
Award Schemes” in this annual report for details.

 We provide pre-employment and regular continuing management and technical training to our employees, which we
 believe are effective in equipping them with the skill set and work ethics that we require.

 We believe that we maintain a good working relationship with our employees and we had not experienced any material
 labor disputes or any difficulty in recruiting staff for our operations during the Reporting Period.

Environmental Policies and Performance

It is our corporate and social responsibility in promoting a sustainable and environmental-friendly environment. We
strive to minimize our environmental impact and to build our corporation in a sustainable way.

We are subject to environmental protection and occupational health and safety laws and regulations in China and
other countries we operated in. In 2025, we complied with the relevant environmental and occupational health and
safety laws and regulations in China and other countries we operated in all material aspects and we did not have any
incidents or complaints that had a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition.

The Company has prepared an environmental, social and governance report in accordance with Appendix C2 of the
Listing Rules. Please refer to our 2025 Environmental, Social and Governance Report dated April 24, 2026.

The Group’s Subsidiaries and Facilities

A summary of the corporate information and the particulars of our subsidiaries are set out in Note 37 to the
consolidated financial statements.




36   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



As of December 31, 2025, we owned the land use rights of one parcel of land with a site area of approximately 68,883.3
square meters. As of the same date, we operated our businesses through 6 owned properties with a total gross floor
area of approximately 474.48 square meters, and 27 leased properties with a total gross floor area of approximately
38,641.4 square meters. All such properties have been used for non-property activities as defined under Rule 5.01(2)
of the Listing Rules and are primarily used as office premises, manufacturing facilities and research and development
center for our business operations.

Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in the Shares, Underlying
Shares and Debentures

As of December 31, 2025, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the interests and short positions of the Directors
and chief executive of the Company in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of
its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required (i) to be notified to the
Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short
positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (ii) pursuant to Section
352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (iii) to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                Number of            percentage of
Name of Director/Chief Executive               Nature of Interest                             Shares held(1)             Interest(1)

Mr. FENG Dai(2)                                Interest in controlled corporation            87,168,400 (L)                  51.04%
Mr. HUANG Kun(3)                               Interest in controlled corporation               717,200 (L)                   0.42%
                                                                                                500,000 (S)                   0.29%
Mr. SONG Xin(4)                                Interest in controlled corporation             1,415,300 (L)                   0.83%
                                               Beneficial owner                                 492,810 (L)                   0.29%
Ms. DONG Li(5)                                 Beneficial owner                               1,440,771 (L)                   0.84%


The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares and the letter “S” denotes the person’s short position in the Shares.

(1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 170,772,622 Shares in issue as of December 31, 2025, without taking into
      account any Shares that may be issued under the Share Award Schemes.

(2)   CareCapital Orthotech Limited is wholly-owned by CareCapital EA, Inc., which is in turn owned by CareCapital Dental Holdings
      Limited and CareCapital Moonstone Holdings Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CareCapital Dental Holdings Limited.
      CareCapital Dental Holdings Limited is controlled by CareCapital Management Group LLC, which is wholly-owned by Mr. FENG
      Dai, the ultimate controlling person of CareCapital Group. As such, Mr. Feng is deemed to be interested in all the shareholding
      of the Company held by CareCapital Orthotech Limited, and such interest represents a deemed interest arising from the voting
      rights attached to the relevant shares. Please refer to the disclosure of interest filings in respect of the Company’s securities
      by such person on April 22, 2024, May 20, 2024, June 26, 2024 and September 24, 2024 for details.

(3)   Noble Affluent Limited is wholly-owned by Mr. HUANG Kun, and thus Mr. Huang is deemed to be interested in all the
      shareholding of the Company held by Noble Affluent Limited. Please refer to the disclosure of interest filings in respect of the
      Company’s securities by such person on May 13, 2024 and December 13, 2024 for details.

(4)   Ascend Benefit Limited is wholly-owned by Mr. SONG Xin, and thus Mr. Song is deemed to be interested in all the shareholding
      of the Company held by Ascend Benefit Limited. Please refer to disclosure of interest filings in respect of the Company’s
      securities by such person on November 24, 2025 for details. Mr. Song resigned as an executive Director with effect from April
      23, 2026.

(5)   Please refer to the disclosure of interest filings in respect of the Company’s securities by Ms. Dong on November 24, 2025 for
      details.


                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025                37
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2025, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had or was
deemed to have any interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or
any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would be required to be notified
to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and
short positions which they were taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions of the SFO); or which would be
required to be recorded in the register to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or which would
be required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.

Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying Shares
(Other than Directors and Chief Executive)

As of December 31, 2025, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the following persons, other than Directors or
chief executive of the Company, had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which fall to be
disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO as recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

Long Positions in the Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                   Number of        percentage of
Name                                        Capacity/Nature of interest              Shares             Interest(1)

CareCapital Orthotech Limited(2)            Beneficial Owner                    87,168,400 (L)            51.04%
CareCapital EA, Inc.(2)                     Interest in controlled              87,168,400 (L)            51.04%
                                              corporation
CareCapital Moonstone Holdings Limited(2)   Interest in controlled              87,168,400 (L)            51.04%
                                              corporation
CareCapital Dental Holdings Limited(2)      Interest in controlled              87,168,400 (L)            51.04%
                                              corporation
CareCapital Management Group LLC(2)         Interest in controlled              87,168,400 (L)            51.04%
                                              corporation
Ms. LI Huamin (3)                           Founder of a discretionary         21,158,362 (L)             12.39%
                                              trust                            15,443,605 (S)              9.04%
                                            Beneficial Owner                        6,002 (L)             0.004%
Shore Lead Limited(3)                       Interest in controlled             21,158,362 (L)             12.39%
                                              corporation                      15,443,605 (S)              9.04%
Sky Honour Enterprises Limited(3)           Beneficial Owner                   21,158,362 (L)             12.39%
                                                                               15,443,605 (S)              9.04%
JPMorgan Chase & Co.                        Interest in controlled             19,139,532 (L)             11.21%
                                              corporation                      11,824,088 (S)              6.92%
                                            Investment manager                  2,364,000 (L)              1.38%
                                                                                    4,340 (S)             0.003%
                                            Person having a security                1,200 (L)             0.001%
                                              interest in shares
                                            Approved lending agent                 635,106 (P)              0.37%
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.               Interest in controlled               8,569,399 (L)              5.02%
                                              corporation                        4,690,465 (S)              2.75%




38   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares; the letter “S” denotes the person’s short position in the Shares; and
the letter “P” denotes the Shares held by a lending agent on behalf of its clients that are available for lending.


(1)   The calculation is based on the total number of 170,772,622 Shares in issue as of December 31, 2025, without taking into
      account any Shares that may be issued under the Share Award Schemes.


(2)   See “Report of the Directors – Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in the Shares, Underlying Shares
      and Debentures” in this annual report for more information.


(3)   Sky Honour Enterprises Limited is controlled by Shore Lead Limited, a company wholly-owned by Ms. LI Huamin. Ms. LI is the
      founder and settlor of her family trust. As such, Ms. Li is deemed to be interested in all the shareholding of the Company held
      by Sky Honour Enterprises Limited. Please refer to the disclosure of interest filings in respect of the Company’s securities by
      such persons on March 3, 2025, July 25, 2025 and August 19, 2025 for details.


Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2025, the Directors and the chief executive of the Company are not
aware of any other person, other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company, who had an interest or short
position in the Shares or underlying Shares which would be required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which would be required to be recorded in
the register to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.

Directors’ Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures

Save as disclosed in this annual report during and at the end of the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any
of its subsidiaries was a party to any arrangement that would enable the Directors or any of their respective spouses
or children under the age of 18 to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of the shares in, or debentures of, the
Company or any other body corporate.

Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities

During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of
the listed securities of the Company during the Reporting Period, including sale of treasury shares (as defined in the
Listing Rules).

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company did not hold any treasury shares (including any treasury shares
held or deposited in CCASS (as defined in the Listing Rules)).




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025             39
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Share Award Schemes

Pre-IPO Share Award Schemes

The Shareholders have adopted and approved the Share Award Scheme I, Share Award Scheme II and Share Award
Scheme III on December 21, 2020, as amended.

Summary of major terms of the Pre-IPO Share Award Schemes are as follows:

(i)   Purposes of Pre-IPO Share Award Schemes

      The purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Award Schemes is to, among others, motivate senior managers, core
      employees and other participants through the establishment of an incentive mechanism for sharing interests
      and risks among shareholders, senior managers and core employees, to provide such employees with the
      opportunity to participate in the growth and profitability of the Group, and to attract and retain talented
      personnel for the realization of the Group’s long-term development goals.

(ii) Participants of Pre-IPO Share Award Schemes

      The participants of Share Award Scheme I are senior management and core employees of the Group, determined
      by a committee or person as authorized by the Board (the “ESOP Committee”) in its sole discretion with reference
      to the employee’s working performance, contribution to the Company and other factors.

      The participants of Share Award Scheme II and Share Award Scheme III – Pool A shall be determined by the ESOP
      Committee and shall: (i) be a senior manager, director of a department or core employee of the Company or its
      subsidiaries; (ii) have positive contribution to the Company with outstanding working performance; and (iii) be
      currently working for the Company or its subsidiaries with a signed employment contract.

      The participants of Share Award Scheme III – Pool B shall be determined by the Board and shall be employees,
      executives, officers or directors (including independent non-executive directors) of the Company or any of the
      subsidiaries of the Group, any advisors, consultants, agents, suppliers, customers, distributors or such other
      persons who, in the sole opinion of the Board, will contribute or have contributed to the Group.

(iii) Maximum number of Shares available for issue under the Pre-IPO Share Award Schemes

      The aggregate numbers of Shares for all the restricted share units (the “RSU”) as the awards (the “Awards”)
      pursuant to the Share Award Scheme I, Share Award Scheme II and Share Award Scheme III – Pool A are
      19,069,300 Shares, 4,706,400 Shares and 5,289,900 Shares, respectively.

      Unless further approval of the Board, the maximum number of Shares in respect of which options (the “Options”)
      may be granted under the Share Award Scheme III-Pool B shall be the number of shares as determined and
      approved by the Board from time to time (the “Scheme Limit”). As at the date (the “Offer Date”) of offering any
      proposed Options, the maximum number of Shares in respect of which Options may be granted is such number
      of Shares less the aggregate of the following Shares as at that Offer Date: (a) the number of Shares which have
      been issued and allotted pursuant to the exercise of any Options; and (b) the number of cancelled Shares.




40    Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                        REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



(iv) Limit for each participant

     Under the Pre-IPO Share Award Schemes, there is no specific limit on the maximum number of Awards and
     Options which may be granted to a single eligible participant.

(v) Remaining life of the Pre-IPO Share Award Schemes

     Each of the Pre-IPO Share Award Schemes shall be valid and effective for a period of ten (10) years commencing
     on the respective adoption date of each scheme and has a remaining life of approximately five years.

(vi) Exercise of Options

     Under the Share Award Scheme III – Pool B, the Option may be exercisable during the period to be notified by the
     Board to the grantee provided that such period of time shall not exceed a period of ten years commencing on
     the date upon which such Option is deemed to be granted and accepted. The exercise price of such Options was
     US$1.2 per Share. Such exercise price was determined based on the grantee’s work experience, responsibilities,
     and remuneration package and the Company’s financial performance and potential growth.

(vii) Vesting condition

     Under the Share Award Scheme I, the incentive Shares shall be subject to a lock-up period commencing from
     the date of grant of the Awards to the date that is the later of (i) expiry of the mandatory lock-up period under
     applicable laws and regulations or (ii) the date of initial public offering of the Shares. Upon and after expiry of the
     lock-up period, in compliance with relevant laws, regulations and regulatory documents, the disposal of Shares
     by each Participant shall be subject to certain further restrictions: (i) within one year, the number of disposed
     Shares shall not exceed 50% of the total number of incentive Shares held by him or her under the Share Award
     Scheme I; (ii) within two years, the number of disposed Shares shall not exceed 80% of the total number of
     incentive Shares held by him or her under the Share Award Scheme I; and (iii) after two years, all the incentive
     Shares held by him or her under the Share Award Scheme I are free to be disposed of.

     The Awards under the Share Award Scheme II and the Share Award Scheme III – Pool A shall be subject to a
     vesting period of four (4) years starting from the date of grant.

     Under the Share Award Scheme III – Pool B, the Company granted Options for 300,000 Shares as underlying
     Shares on October 9, 2020 and such Options shall vest in the following schedule: (i) 20% upon the Listing and (ii)
     each 20% on the last day of each year commencing from October 1, 2020.

(viii) Subscription price

     No consideration is paid for grant of the Awards under the Share Award Scheme I, Share Award Scheme II and the
     Share Award Scheme III – Pool A. Such purchase prices were determined with reference to, among other things,
     the contributions made by the grantees, the purpose of the share award schemes, and prevailing compensation
     and pre-IPO share award schemes of similar positions in the market. No consideration is paid for grant of the
     Options for 300,000 Shares as underlying Shares under the Share Award Scheme III – Pool B.

For more information on the Pre-IPO Share Award Schemes, please refer to “Appendix IV Statutory and General
Information – D. Share Award Schemes” in the Prospectus.

Details of Awards and Options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Award Schemes are set out below:



                                                                                             Annual Report 2025           41
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Share Award Scheme I, Share Award Scheme II and Share Award Scheme III – Pool A

All the Awards had been granted before the Listing and are fully vested under the Share Award Scheme I, the Share
Award Scheme II and the Share Award Scheme III – Pool A. No further Awards have been or will be granted under the
Share Award Scheme I, the Share Award Scheme II and the Share Award Scheme III – Pool A after the Listing.

Share Award Scheme III – Pool B

Under the Share Award Scheme III – Pool B, Options were granted to a senior management of the Company (who is
not a Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or their respective associates) with rights to
subscribe for an aggregate of 300,000 new Shares upon exercise of such Options. No consideration is paid for grant of
such Options.

Under the Share Award Scheme III – Pool B, all Options granted had been fully vested and exercised. No further
Options have been or will be granted under the Share Award Scheme III – Pool B after the Listing.

As of the date of this annual report, all the Shares underlying the aforementioned Awards and Options have been
issued. No further Awards and Options may be granted under the Pre-IPO Share Award Schemes after the Listing.

Post-IPO Share Option Scheme

The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was conditionally approved and adopted by the Shareholders on May 20, 2021
and amended on June 29, 2023, June 28, 2024 and August 25, 2025. The terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
are subject to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

Summary of major terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme are as follows:

(i)   Purposes of Post-IPO Share Option Scheme

      The purpose of this Post-IPO Share Option Scheme is to attract, retain and motivate employees, Directors and
      such other participant, and to provide a means of compensating them through the grant of options pursuant to
      the terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme (the “Options”) for their contribution to the growth and profits of
      our Group, and to allow such employees, Directors and other persons to participate in the growth and profitability
      of our Group.

(ii) Participants of Post-IPO Share Option Scheme

      Participants of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme included employees or directors of any member of the Group.




42    Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



(iii) Maximum number of Shares available for issue under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme

    The maximum number of Shares underlying all the Options that may be granted under the Post-IPO Share Option
    Scheme is 10,145,867 Shares (the “Post-IPO Share Option Scheme Limit”), representing 5.94% of the aggregate
    Shares in issue as at December 31, 2025. As of the date of this annual report, there are 10,135,490 Shares
    available for issue under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, representing 5.9% of the issued share capital of the
    Company as of the date of this annual report.

    The Shares which may be issued in respect of all Options and Awards to be granted under the Post-IPO Share
    Option Scheme and the Post-IPO RSU Scheme of the Company (including Options or Awards have been cancelled
    but excluding those lapsed in accordance with the terms of the respective share schemes) shall not exceed
    13,527,822 Shares.

    The Company may seek approval of the Shareholders in general meeting for refreshing the Post-IPO Share Option
    Scheme Limit every three years and the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme Limit as refreshed shall not exceed 6% of
    the total number of Shares in issue as at May 23, 2024.

    As at January 1, 2025 and December 31, 2025, there were 6,099,471 and 4,820,036 Shares available for future
    grant under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, respectively.

(iv) Limit for each participant

    Where any grant of Options to a substantial Shareholder or an independent non-executive Director or any of their
    respective associates would result in the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all Options and Awards
    granted to such person in the relevant period representing in aggregate over 0.1% (or such other percentage as
    may from time to time be specified by the Stock Exchange) of the Shares in issue, such further grant of options
    and/or awards, as the case may be, must be approved by the Shareholders in such manner as required under the
    Listing Rules.

    The total number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all the Options and Awards granted to an
    individual participant under all share schemes of the Group in any twelve months period up to and including the
    date of such grant shall not exceed 1% of the issued Shares of the Company from time to time (the “Individual
    Limit”). Any further grant to a participant which would result in the Shares issued and to be issued exceeding the
    Individual Limit shall be subject to the Shareholders’ approval in general meeting with such participant and his or
    her close associates (or his or her associate if the Participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting.

(v) Grant and acceptance of Options

    The Board shall, subject to and in accordance with the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Listing Rules, be
    entitled to, at any time on any business day during the period of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, grant an
    Option to any eligible participant whom the Board may in its absolute discretion select, based on such conditions
    as it may think fit, including, without limitation, any minimum period for which an Option must be held before it
    can be exercised and/or any performance targets which must be achieved before an Option can be exercised.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025          43
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



(vi) Vesting of Options

     Options may be vested over such period(s) as determined by the Board (or any duly authorized committee or
     person by the Board) in its absolute discretion. The periods over which the Options will vest shall not be less than
     12 months or such other minimum vesting periods prescribed from time to time by any laws, regulations or rules
     to which the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme may be subject, including the Listing Rules or regulations of any
     stock exchange on which the Shares may be listed and quoted. Furthermore, the Shares to be issued and allotted
     to a Grantee pursuant to the exercise of any Option under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme may or may not, at
     the discretion of the Board (or any duly authorized committee or person by the Board), be subject to any retention
     period.

     The vesting period of Options granted to employee participants may, at the discretion of the Board (or any
     duly authorized committee or person by the Board), be shorter under the following circumstances: (i) grants
     of “make-whole” share options or awards to new joiners to replace the share awards they forfeited when
     leaving their previous employers, (ii) grant to a participant whose employment is terminated due to death or
     disability or occurrence of any out of control event; (iii) grants of options or awards with performance-based
     vesting conditions in lieu of time-based vesting criteria; (iv) grants that are made in batches during a year for
     administrative and compliance reason (may include share awards that should have been granted earlier but had
     to wait for a subsequent batch); (v) grant of options or awards with a mixed or accelerated vesting schedule such
     as where the awards may vest evenly over a period of 12 months; and (vi) grants of options or awards with a total
     vesting and holding period of more than 12 months.

(vii) Exercise of Options

     An Option may be exercised after vesting in accordance with the terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
     at any time during the period to be determined by our Board at its absolute discretion and notified by our Board
     to each participant who was granted the Options and in any event, such period shall not be longer than ten
     years from the date upon which any particular Option is granted in accordance with the Post-IPO Share Option
     Scheme.

(viii) Exercise price of Options

     The exercise price shall be such price as determined by the Board in its absolute discretion at the time of the
     grant of the relevant Option (and shall be stated in the letter containing the offer of the grant of the Option), but
     in any case the exercise price shall not be less than the higher of (a) the closing price of the Shares as stated in
     the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the date of grant, which must be a business day; and (b) the
     average closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange for the five (5)
     business days immediately preceding the date of grant.

(ix) Remaining life of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme

     The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme will be valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing on May 20,
     2021 and has a remaining life of approximately five years.




44   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



For further information of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, please refer to the circular of the Company dated April
23, 2024 and the announcement of the Company dated August 25, 2025.

Details of Options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme during the Reporting Period are set out below:

                                                                                                                                                    Closing
                                                                                                                                                   price of
                                                                                                                                                the Shares
Category/           Number                                                                                                     Fair Value     immediately
Name of           of Options                                                                 Exercise Performance              of Options        before the
Grantee             Granted Grant Date      Vesting Period             Exercise Period          Price Target                    Granted(1)      grant date

Directors, chief executive or substantial Shareholders of the Company, or their respective associates
Mr. SONG Xin          217,811 November 24, • 50% shall vest on            Ten years from the HK$64.50 No performance        HK$14.0 million      HK$62.25
  (former                          2025            April 30, 2026; and      date of grant of            target is required.
  Executive                                        50% shall vest on        Options
  Director and                                     April 30, 2027
  the chief
  strategy
  officer)
Ms. DONG Li           595,689 November 24, • 40% shall vest on            Ten years from the HK$64.50 No performance        HK$38.4 million      HK$62.25
   (Executive                      2025            April 3, 2026;           date of grant of            target is required.
  Director and                                     20% shall vest on        Options
  the chief                                        April 3, 2027;
  financial                                        20% shall vest on
  officer )                                        April 3, 2028;
                                                   10% shall vest on
                                                   April 3, 2029; and
                                                   10% shall vest on
                                                   April 3, 2030

Other employees
4 employees          308,513 November       •    50% shall vest on     Ten years from the   HK$64.50 No performance        HK$19.9 million       HK$62.25
                               24, 2025          April 30, 2026; and     date of grant of              target is required.
                                                 50% shall vest on       Options
                                                 April 30, 2027




                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025                     45
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



                                                                                                                                            Closing
                                                                                                                                           price of
                                                                                                                                        the Shares
Category/            Number                                                                                             Fair Value    immediately
Name of            of Options                                                             Exercise Performance          of Options       before the
Grantee              Granted Grant Date   Vesting Period             Exercise Period         Price Target                Granted(1)     grant date

2 employees          122,832 June         40,000 Options shall vest: Ten years from the   HK$57.65 The performance HK$7.1 million        HK$55.69
   (including                  24, 2025   • 25% shall vest on          date of grant of              evaluation results
   one senior                                 April 30, 2026;          Options                       of the grantee for
   management                             • 25% shall vest on                                        the year before
   of the Group)                              April 30, 2027;                                        vesting shall be
                                          • 25% shall vest on                                        higher than a
                                              April 30, 2028; and                                    specific level as
                                          • 25% shall vest on                                        determined by the
                                              April 30, 2029.                                        Board.

                                          82,832 Options shall vest:
                                          • 30% vested on
                                              September 30, 2025;
                                          • 30% shall vest on
                                              September 30, 2026;
                                          • 20% shall vest on
                                              September 30, 2027;
                                              and
                                          • 20% shall vest on
                                              September 30, 2028.
1 employee            34,590 January      • 30% vested on            Ten years from the   HK$52.55 The performance HK$1.8 million        HK$52.05
   (being a                    17, 2025       September 30, 2025;      date of grant of              evaluation results
   senior                                 • 30% shall vest on          Options                       of the grantee for
   management                                 September 30, 2026;                                    the year before
   of the Group)                          • 20% shall vest on                                        vesting shall be
                                              September 30, 2027;                                    higher than a
                                              and                                                    specific level as
                                          • 20% shall vest on                                        determined by the
                                              September 30, 2028.                                    Board.


(1)   The fair value of the Options at the grant date is calculated based on the closing price of the Shares on the grant date, being
      HK$62.65 per Share, HK$57.28 per Share and HK$51.81 per Share, respectively. For details of the accounting standard and
      policy adopted, please refer to Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.


No Options were granted to related entity participant or service provider.




46    Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Movements of the outstanding Options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme during the Reporting Period are set
out below:

                                                                                                                                                                                               Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                                 average
                                                                                             Number of                                                                          Number of         closing
                                                                                              unvested           Granted       Vested    Exercised      Lapsed     Cancelled     unvested        price of
                                                                                           Options as of       during the   during the   during the   during the   during the Options as of   the Shares
Category/                                                                                    January 1,        Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting December 31,          before
Name of Grantee Grant Date Vesting Period              Exercise period      Exercise price         2025           Period       Period       Period       Period       Period          2025      exercise

Directors, chief executive or substantial Shareholders of the Company, or their respective associates
Mr. SONG Xin         April 30, • 33.3% vested on Ten years from the HK$79.00                         375,375           _      124,999            –            –      250,376             –             –
 （former Executive 2024              April 30, 2025;       grant date           per Share
  Director and the                 • 33.3% shall
  chief strategy                     vest on April 30,
  officer)                           2026; and
                                   • the remaining
                                     33.4% shall
                                     vest on April 30,
                                     2027.
                     November 50% shall vest on Ten years from the HK$64.50                                –     217,811            –            –            –           –        217,811             –
                       24, 2025 April 30, 2026;            grant date           per Share
                                     and
                                   50% shall vest on
                                     April 30, 2027




                                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025                             47
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



                                                                                                                                                                                   Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                     average
                                                                                     Number of                                                                      Number of         closing
                                                                                      unvested       Granted       Vested    Exercised      Lapsed     Cancelled     unvested        price of
                                                                                   Options as of   during the   during the   during the   during the   during the Options as of   the Shares
Category/                                                                            January 1,    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting December 31,          before
Name of Grantee Grant Date Vesting Period        Exercise period    Exercise price         2025       Period       Period       Period       Period       Period          2025      exercise
Ms. DONG Li       April 28,  • 25% was          Ten years from the HK$100.06           1,266,485           –      422,161            –            –      844,324             –             –
 (Executive         2023       vested on April grant date            per Share
 Director and the              3, 2024;
 chief financial             • 25% was on
 officer)                      April 3, 2025;
                             • 20% shall
                               vest on April 3,
                               2026;
                             • 10% shall
                               vest on April 3,
                               2027;
                             • 10% shall
                               vest on April 3,
                               2028;
                             • 5% shall vest
                               on April 3,
                               2029; and
                             • the remaining
                               5% shall vest
                               on April 3,
                               2030.
                   November • 40% shall         Ten years from the HK$64.50                   –      595,689            –            –            –           –        595,689             –
                     24, 2025 vest on April 3, grant date            per Share
                               2026;
                             • 20% shall
                               vest on April 3,
                               2027;
                             • 20% shall
                               vest on April 3,
                               2028;
                             • 10% shall
                               vest on April 3,
                               2029; and
                             • 10% shall
                               vest on April 3,
                               2030

Other employees
4 employees     April 28,    Options granted     Ten years from HK$100.06               112,500            –       37,500            –            –       75,000             –             –
                  2023           shall vest in     the grant date per Share
                                 4 tranches of
                                 25%, 25%,
                                 25% and 25%
                                 on April 30,
                                 2024, April 30,
                                 2025, April
                                 30, 2026 and
                                 April 30, 2027,
                                 respectively.
 4 employees       November • 50% shall vest Ten years from the HK$64.50                308,513            –            –            –            –           –        308,513             –
                     24, 2025 on April 30,       grant date       per Share
                                 2026; and
                             • 50% shall vest
                                 on April 30,
                                 2027

48       Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



                                                                                                                                                                                    Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                      average
                                                                                     Number of                                                                      Number of          closing
                                                                                      unvested       Granted       Vested    Exercised      Lapsed     Cancelled     unvested         price of
                                                                                   Options as of   during the   during the   during the   during the   during the Options as of    the Shares
Category/                                                                            January 1,    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting December 31,           before
Name of Grantee Grant Date Vesting Period       Exercise period     Exercise price         2025       Period       Period       Period       Period       Period          2025       exercise

3 employees      April 30,     • 33.3% shall Ten years from the HK$79.00                452,375            –      150,640            –            –           –        301,735              –
                   2024          vest on April    grant date        per Share
                                 30, 2025;
                               • 33.3% shall
                                 vest on April
                                 30, 2026; and
                               • the remaining
                                 33.4% shall
                                 vest on April
                                 30, 2027.
1 employee         July 17, • 25% shall vest Ten years from the HK$58.75                 60,000            –       15,000            –            –           –          45,000             –
                     2024        on April 30,     grant date        per Share
                                 2025;
                               • 25% shall vest
                                 on April 30,
                                 2026;
                               • 25% shall vest
                                 on April 30,
                                 2027; and
                               • the remaining
                                 25% shall vest
                                 on April 30,
                                 2028.
1 employee         January 17, • 30% shall vest Ten years from the HK$52.55                   –       34,590       10,377       10,377            –           –          24,213 HK$48.01-63.00
   (being a senior 2025          on September grant date             per Share
   management of                 30, 2025;
   the Group)                  • 30% shall vest
                                 on September
                                 30, 2026;
                               • 20% shall vest
                                 on September
                                 30, 2027; and
                               • the remaining
                                 20% shall vest
                                 on September
                                 30, 2028.




                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025                              49
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



                                                                                                                                                                                 Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                   average
                                                                                   Number of                                                                      Number of         closing
                                                                                    unvested       Granted       Vested    Exercised      Lapsed     Cancelled     unvested        price of
                                                                                 Options as of   during the   during the   during the   during the   during the Options as of   the Shares
Category/                                                                          January 1,    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting December 31,          before
Name of Grantee Grant Date Vesting Period       Exercise period   Exercise price         2025       Period       Period       Period       Period       Period          2025      exercise

2 employees      June 24,   40,000 Options Ten years from the HK$57.65                      –      122,832       24,849            –            –           –          97,983            –
   (including      2025         shall vest:    grant date       per Share
   one senior               • 25% shall vest
   management of                on April 30,
   the Group)                   2026;
                            • 25% shall vest
                                on April 30,
                                2027;
                            • 25% shall vest
                                on April 30,
                                2028; and
                            • the remaining
                                25% shall vest
                                on April 30,
                                2029.

                            82,832 Options
                                shall vest:
                            • 30% shall vest
                                on September
                                30, 2025;
                            • 30% shall vest
                                on September
                                30, 2026;
                            • 20% shall vest
                                on September
                                30, 2027; and




50     Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Post-IPO RSU Scheme

The Post-IPO RSU Scheme was conditionally approved and adopted by the Shareholders on May 20, 2021 and
amended on June 29, 2023, June 28, 2024 and August 25, 2025. The terms of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme are subject to
Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

Summary of major terms of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme are as follows:

(i)   Purposes of Post-IPO RSU Scheme

      The purpose of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme is to recognize the contributions by grantees and to give incentives
      thereto in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group, and to attract suitable
      personnel for further development of the Group.

(ii) Participants of Post-IPO RSU Scheme

      Participants of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme included employees, directors or officers of any member of the Group.

(iii) Maximum number of Shares available for issue under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme

      The maximum aggregate number of Shares underlying all grants of awards (the “Awards”) pursuant to the
      Post-IPO RSU Scheme will not exceed 3,381,955 Shares (the “Post-IPO RSU Scheme Limit”), representing
      approximately 2.0% of the total issued Shares of the Company as at December 31, 2025. The Company may seek
      separate approval by the Shareholders in general meeting for granting Awards beyond the Post-IPO RSU Scheme
      Limit (as refreshed) provided that the grantee(s) of such Awards must be specifically identified by the Company
      before such approval is sought.

      The Shares which may be issued in respect of all Options and Awards to be granted under the Post-IPO Share
      Option Scheme and the Post-IPO RSU Scheme of the Company (including Options or Awards have been cancelled
      but excluding those lapsed in accordance with the terms of the respective share schemes) shall not exceed
      13,527,822 Shares.

      The Company may seek approval of the Shareholders in general meeting for refreshing the Post-IPO RSU Scheme
      Limit every three years and the Post-IPO RSU Scheme Limit as refreshed shall not exceed 2% of the total number
      of Shares in issue as at May 23, 2024.

      As of the date of this annual report, there are 587,463 Shares available for issue under the Post-IPO RSU
      Scheme, representing 0.3% of the issued share capital of the Company as of the date of this annual report.

      As at January 1, 2025 and December 31, 2025, there were 1,449,977 and 682,011 RSUs available for grant under
      the Post-IPO RSU Scheme respectively.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025         51
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



(iv) Limit for each participant

     Where any grant of Options and/or Awards to a substantial Shareholder or an independent non-executive
     Director or any of their respective associates, or any grant of Awards to a Director (other than an independent
     non-executive Director) or chief executive of the Company or any of their respective associates, which would
     result in the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all Options and/or Awards granted to such person in
     the relevant period representing in aggregate over 0.1% (or such other percentage as may from time to time be
     specified by the Stock Exchange) of the Shares in issue, such further grant of Options and/or Awards, as the case
     may be, must be approved by the Shareholders in such manner as required under the Listing Rules.

     The total number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all the Options and Awards granted to an
     individual participant under all share schemes of the Group in any twelve months period up to and including the
     date of such grant shall not exceed 1% of the issued Shares of the Company from time to time (the “Individual
     Limit”). Any further grant to a participant which would result in the Shares issued and to be issued exceeding the
     Individual Limit shall be subject to the Shareholders’ approval in general meeting with such participant and his or
     her close associates (or his or her associate if the Participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting.

(v) Vesting period of Awards granted

     The Board has the sole discretion to determine the vesting schedule and vesting criteria (if any) for any grant of
     Awards to any grantee, which may also be adjusted and re-determined by the Board from time to time.

     The periods over which the Awards will vest shall not be less than 12 months or such other may exceed any
     minimum vesting periods prescribed from time to time by any laws, regulations or rules to which the Post-IPO
     RSU Scheme may be subject, including the Listing Rules or regulations of any stock exchange on which the
     Shares may be listed and quoted. Furthermore, the Shares to be issued and allotted to a Grantee pursuant to the
     exercise of any Award under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme may or may not, at the discretion of the Board (or any duly
     authorized committee or person by the Board), be subject to any retention period.

     The vesting period of Awards granted to employee participants may, at the discretion of the Board (or any
     duly authorized committee or person by the Board), be shorter under the following circumstances: (i) grants
     of “make-whole” share Options or Awards to new joiners to replace the share awards they forfeited when
     leaving their previous employers, (ii) grant to a participant whose employment is terminated due to death or
     disability or occurrence of any out of control event; (iii) grants of Options or Awards with performance-based
     vesting conditions, in lieu of time-based vesting criteria; (iv) grants that are made in batches during a year for
     administrative and compliance reason (may include share awards that should have been granted earlier but had
     to wait for a subsequent batch); (v) grant of Awards with a mixed or accelerated vesting schedule such as where
     the Awards may vest evenly over a period of 12 months; and (vi) grants of Options or Awards with a total vesting
     and holding period of more than 12 months.

(vi) Exercise period of Awards granted

     An Award may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme at any time during the
     period notified by our Board to each participant who was granted the Awards and in any event, such period shall
     not be longer than ten years from the date upon which any particular Award is granted in accordance with the
     Post-IPO RSU Scheme.




52   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



(vii) Purchase price of Awards granted

        The grantee(s) shall not be required to bear or pay any price or fee for the grant of Awards.

(viii) Remaining life of Post-IPO RSU Scheme

        Subject to the fulfillment of the conditions of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme and the termination clause, this
        Post-IPO RSU Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of ten years commencing on May 20, 2021 and has a
        remaining life of approximately five years.

For further information of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme, please refer to the circular of the Company dated April 23, 2024
and the announcement of the Company dated August 25, 2025.

Details of RSUs granted under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme during the Reporting Period are set out below:

                                                                                                                                                                               Closing
                                                                                                                                                                              price of
                                                                                                                                                                 Fair      the Shares
                                 Number                                                                                                                      Value of    immediately
Category/                        of RSUs            Grant        Vesting                                          Purchase Performance                          RSUs        before the
Name of Grantee                  Granted             Date        Period                                               Price Target                          Granted(1)     grant date

Directors, chief executive or substantial Shareholders of the Company, or their respective associates
nil

Other employees
50 employees                      72,975 March 21, 2025       25,800 RSUs granted shall vest in 4 tranches of          Nil No performance target is     HK$4.6 million      HK$70.16
                                                                 30%, 30%, 20% and 20% on September 30,                      required.
                                                                 2025, September 30, 2026, September 30, 2027
                                                                 and September 30, 2028, respectively.
                                                              47,175 RSUs granted shall vest in 3 tranches of
                                                                 50%, 25% and 25% on the second, the third and
                                                                 the fourth anniversary of the hire date of the
                                                                 respective Grantee, respectively.
231 employees                    736,920 June 24, 2025        All RSUs granted shall vest in 4 tranches of 30%,        Nil The performance evaluation HK$42.2 million       HK$55.69
                                                                 30%, 20% and 20% on September 30, 2025,                     results of the grantees
                                                                 September 30, 2026, September 30, 2027 and                  for the year before
                                                                 September 30, 2028, respectively.                           vesting shall be higher
                                                                                                                             than a specific level as
                                                                                                                             determined by the Board.


(1)     The fair value of the RSUs at the grant date is calculated based on the closing price of the Shares on the grant date, being
        HK$63.01 per Share and HK$57.28 per Share, respectively. For details of the accounting standard and policy adopted, please
        refer to Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.


No RSUs were granted to related entity participant or service provider.




                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025                          53
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Movements of the unvested RSUs under the Post-IPO RSU Scheme during the Reporting Period are set out below:

                                                                                                                                                                                  Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                  Number of         average
                                                                                             Number of                                                              unvested         closing
                                                                                               unvested       Granted       Vested      Lapsed     Cancelled         Awards     price of the
                                                                                            Awards as of    during the   during the   during the   during the           as of        Shares
Category/                                       Purchase                                      January 1,    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December 31,          before
Name of Grantee          Grant Date                 price Vesting Period                           2025        Period       Period       Period       Period            2025         vesting

Directors, chief executive or substantial Shareholders of the Company, or their respective associates
Ms. DONG Li                July 19, 2023                 Nil RSUs shall vest in 7 tranches of         570           –          190            –            –             380           HK$
   (Executive Director                                          25%, 25%, 20%, 10%, 10%,                                                                                        54.82-74.50
  and the chief financial                                       5%, 5% on April 3, 2024, April
  officer)                                                      3, 2025, April 3, 2026, April
                                                                3, 2027, April 3, 2028, April
                                                                3, 2029 and April 3, 2030,
                                                                respectively.

Other employees
120 employees            March 25, 2022               Nil 360,276 RSUs granted shall vest         51,899            –       50,219        1,680            –                -          HK$
                                                            in 4 tranches of 30%, 30%,                                                                                          48.01-63.00
                                                            20% and 20% on September
                                                            30, 2022, 2023, 2024 and
                                                            2025, respectively.
                                                          68,833 RSUs granted shall vest           7,397            –        4,891            –            –           2,506           HK$
                                                            in 3 tranches of 50%, 25% and                                                                                       48.01-63.00
                                                            25% on the second, the third
                                                            and the fourth anniversary of
                                                            the employment date of each
                                                            grantee respectively.
 175 employees           June 12, 2023                Nil 496,858 RSUs shall vest in 4           188,563            –       91,276        7,336            –          89,951           HK$
                                                            tranches of 30%, 30%, 20%                                                                                           48.01-63.00
                                                            and 20% on September
                                                            30, 2023, September 30,
                                                            2024, September 30, 2025
                                                            and September 30, 2026,
                                                            respectively.




54      Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



                                                                                                                                                                         Weighted
                                                                                                                                                         Number of         average
                                                                                    Number of                                                              unvested         closing
                                                                                      unvested      Granted       Vested      Lapsed      Cancelled         Awards     price of the
                                                                                   Awards as of   during the   during the   during the    during the           as of        Shares
Category/                         Purchase                                           January 1,   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting     Reporting    December 31,          before
Name of Grantee   Grant Date          price Vesting Period                                2025       Period       Period       Period        Period            2025         vesting

                                            233,161 RSUs shall vest in 3                91,793            –       45,885        1,051             –          44,857           HK$
                                              tranches of 50%, 25% and                                                                                                 48.01-63.00
                                              25% on the second, the third
                                              and the fourth anniversary of
                                              the employment date of the
                                              respective Grantee, respectively.
                                            41,992 RSUs shall vest in 4 tranches        16,800            –        8,398            –             –           8,402           HK$
                                              of 30%, 30%, 20% and 20% on                                                                                              48.01-63.00
                                              the first, the second, the third
                                              and the fourth anniversary of
                                              the employment date of the
                                              respective Grantee, respectively.
                                            28,764 RSUs shall vest in 4 tranches        20,135            –        8,629            –             –          11,506           HK$
                                              of 30%, 30%, 20% and 20%                                                                                                 48.01-63.00
                                              on the second, the third, the
                                              fourth and the fifth anniversary
                                              of the employment date of the
                                              respective Grantee, respectively.
13 employees      July 19, 2023         Nil 54,800 RSUs shall vest in 4 tranches        17,120            –        8,560            –             –           8,560           HK$
                                              of 30%, 30%, 20%, 20% on                                                                                                 48.01-63.00
                                              September 30, 2023, September
                                              30, 2024, September 30, 2025 and
                                              September 30, 2026, respectively.
3 employees       September 13,         Nil 17,979 RSUs shall vest in 3 tranches         8,991            –        4,494            –             –           4,497           HK$
                    2023                      of 50%, 25% and 25% on the                                                                                               48.01-63.00
                                              second, the third and the fourth
                                              anniversary of the employment
                                              date of the respective Grantee,
                                              respectively.




                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025                           55
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



                                                                                                                                                                      Weighted
                                                                                                                                                      Number of         average
                                                                                  Number of                                                             unvested         closing
                                                                                    unvested      Granted       Vested      Lapsed     Cancelled         Awards     price of the
                                                                                 Awards as of   during the   during the   during the   during the           as of        Shares
Category/                          Purchase                                        January 1,   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    Reporting    December 31,          before
Name of Grantee   Grant Date           price Vesting Period                             2025       Period       Period       Period       Period            2025         vesting

 15 employees     March 20, 2024         Nil 15,550 RSUs shall vest in 4              10,886            –        4,664            –            –           6,222           HK$
                                               tranches of 30%, 30%, 20%                                                                                            48.01-63.00
                                               and 20% on the second, the
                                               third, the fourth and the fifth
                                               anniversary of the hire date
                                               of the respective grantee,
                                               respectively.
                                             127,030 RSUs shall vest in 3            118,310            –       51,458            –            –          66,852           HK$
                                               tranches of 50%, 25% and                                                                                             48.01-63.00
                                               25% on the second, the third
                                               and the fourth anniversary of
                                               the hire date of the respective
                                               grantee, respectively.
 246 employees    July 17, 2024          Nil 680,456 RSUs granted shall vest         472,270            –      196,536       16,670            –         259,064           HK$
                                               in 4 tranches of 30%, 30%,                                                                                           48.01-63.00
                                               20% and 20% on September
                                               30, 2024, September 30,
                                               2025, September 30, 2026
                                               and September 30, 2027,
                                               respectively.
                                             3,905 RSUs granted shall vest in          3,905            –        3,905            –            –               –           HK$
                                               3 tranches of 50%, 25% and                                                                                           48.01-63.00
                                               25% on the second, the third
                                               and the fourth anniversary
                                               of the hire date of the RSU
                                               Grantee, respectively.




56      Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                                                          REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



                                                                                                                                                                     Weighted
                                                                                                                                                     Number of         average
                                                                                Number of                                                              unvested         closing
                                                                                  unvested      Granted       Vested      Lapsed      Cancelled         Awards     price of the
                                                                               Awards as of   during the   during the   during the    during the           as of        Shares
Category/                          Purchase                                      January 1,   Reporting    Reporting    Reporting     Reporting    December 31,          before
Name of Grantee   Grant Date           price Vesting Period                           2025       Period       Period       Period        Period            2025         vesting

50 employees      March 21, 2025         Nil 25,800 RSUs granted shall vest              –       25,800        7,560        1,020             –          17,220           HK$
                                               in 4 tranches of 30%, 30%,                                                                                          48.01-63.00
                                               20% and 20% on September
                                               30, 2025, September 30,
                                               2026, September 30, 2027
                                               and September 30, 2028,
                                               respectively; and
                                             47,175 RSUs granted shall vest              –       47,175        3,072            –             –          44,103           HK$
                                               in 3 tranches of 50%, 25%                                                                                           48.01-63.00
                                               and 25% on the second, third
                                               and fourth anniversary of the
                                               employment date of the RSU
                                               Grantee, respectively
231 employees     June 24, 2025          Nil 736,920 RSUs granted shall vest             –      736,920      220,406        6,750             –         509,764           HK$
                                               in 4 tranches of 30%, 30%,                                                                                          48.01-63.00
                                               20% and 20% on September
                                               30, 2025, September 30,
                                               2026, September 30, 2027
                                               and September 30, 2028,
                                               respectively


The Shares underlying the Awards granted during the Reporting Period are issued Shares held by the trustee of the
Post-IPO RSU Scheme and will be transferred to the Grantees upon vesting. There were no Shares that may be issued
in respect of the Awards granted under all share schemes of the Company during the Reporting Period.

The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the Options and Awards granted under all share schemes of
the Company during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of Shares of the relevant class in
issue for the Reporting Period was 1.2%.

Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies

Save as disclosed in this annual report, during the Reporting Period, we did not have any material acquisitions or
disposals of subsidiaries and affiliated companies.




                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025                           57
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



OTHER INFORMATION

Use of Proceeds

The Shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on June 16, 2021, whereby 16,829,600 new Shares
were issued at the offer price of HKD173.0 each by the Company. On July 8, 2021, the Joint Global Coordinators, on
behalf of the International Underwriters, fully exercised the Over-allotment Option at the offer price of HKD173.0,
pursuant to which the Company issued an addition of 2,524,400 Shares. The aggregate net proceeds from the
Company’s Global Offering, including the net proceeds from the full exercise of the Over-allotment Option and after
deduction of the underwriting fees and other related expenses, was approximately HKD3,139.0 million. The net
proceeds from the Global Offering (adjusted on a pro rata basis based on the actual net proceeds) have been and
will be utilized in that same manner, proportion and the expected timeframe as set out in the Prospectus under the
section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds”. The table below sets out the planned and actual applications of
the net proceeds up to December 31, 2025.

                                                   Net      Unutilized             Utilized      Utilized   Unutilized
                                             proceeds        proceeds            proceeds      proceeds      proceeds
                                                 from            as at              during          up to         as at
                                            the Global   December 31,        the Reporting    December      December
                                              Offering           2024               Period      31, 2025      31, 2025
                                                                         (HKD in millions)

Funding the construction of Chuangmei
  Center                                      1,252.5           666.9                  83.1        668.7         583.8
Strengthening our research and
  development capabilities and funding
  our in-house and collaborative R&D
  initiatives                                   574.4           128.0                128.0         574.4           0.0
Developing a flexible and scalable
  intelligent information technology
  system                                        339.0           106.9                100.4         332.5           6.5
Expanding our in-house sales team and
  providing sales personnel with training
  sessions                                      329.6              0.0                  0.0        329.6           0.0
Funding marketing and branding
  activities                                    301.4              0.0                  0.0        301.4           0.0
Optimizing medical services                     194.6              0.0                  0.0        194.6           0.0
Working capital and other general
  corporate purposes                            147.5              0.0                  0.0        147.5           0.0
Total                                         3,139.0           901.8                311.5       2,548.7         590.3


To the extent that the net proceeds have not been immediately utilized, the balance has been placed with banks.
There has been no change in the intended use of net proceeds as previously disclosed in the Prospectus and the
Group will apply the remaining net proceeds in the manner set out in the Prospectus. However, additional time will be
required to utilize the remaining proceeds due to the impact of the macro-economy in the past few years. Considering
the needs of future development of the Group, we expect the remaining proceeds would be used by the end of 2026.




58      Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Litigation and Compliance
The Group is subject to various regulatory requirements and guidelines issued by regulatory authorities in China and
other countries we operated in. During the Reporting Period, the Group did not commit any material non-compliance
of the laws and regulations, and did not experience any non-compliance incident, which taken as a whole, in the
opinion of the Directors, is likely to have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results
of operations.

Annual General Meeting
The AGM will be held on Tuesday, May 19, 2026. A notice convening the AGM will be published on the website of the
Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the website of the Company (www.angelalign.com) in accordance with the
requirements of the Listing Rules in due course.

Final Dividend and Special Dividend
The Board has resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of HKD0.48 per Share and a special dividend
of HKD4.99 per Share for FY2025 (the “Proposed Dividends”) to the Shareholders whose names appeared on the
register of members of the Company on Thursday, May 28, 2026, subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the
AGM. Once the resolutions in respect of payment of the Proposed Dividend are passed at the AGM, the Proposed
Dividends are expected to be paid on Monday, June 8, 2026. All treasury shares and repurchased shares pending
cancellation, if any, will not receive the Proposed Dividend. The Company will withdraw all repurchased shares from
the Central Clearing and Settlement System, and either re-register them in its own name as treasury shares or cancel
such repurchased shares, in each case before the record date for the Shareholders’ entitlement to the Proposed
Dividends.

The Group is committed to creating enhanced returns for our Shareholders. To enable Shareholders to share the
benefits of the Group’s growth, the Board has adopted a dividend policy which targets a payout ratio of approximately
40% of the Group’s net profit attributable to Shareholders for each financial year, subject to the Board’s assessment
of the Group’s financial performance, cash flow position, capital requirements, and future development plans. The
dividend policy will be reviewed by the Board on a regular basis.

Closure of Register of Members
For determining the entitlement of Shareholders to attend and vote at the AGM, the register of members of the
Company will be closed from Thursday, May 14, 2026 to Tuesday, May 19, 2026, both days inclusive, during which
period, no transfer of Shares will be registered and the record date will be Tuesday, May 19, 2026. In order to be
eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, all share transfer documents accompanied by the corresponding share
certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited,
at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. (Hong Kong
time) on Wednesday, May 13, 2026.

For determining the entitlement of Shareholders to receive the Proposed Dividends, the register of members of the
Company will be closed from Tuesday, May 26, 2026 to Thursday, May 28, 2026, both days inclusive, during which
period no transfer of Shares will be registered and the record date will be Thursday, May 28, 2026. To qualify for the
Proposed Dividends, all share transfer documents accompanied by the corresponding share certificates must be
lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East
Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. (Hong Kong time) on Friday,
May 22, 2026.

Pre-Emptive Rights
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the Cayman Companies Act which
would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2025          59
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Tax Relief and Exemption

The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding
of the Company’s listed securities. If any of the Shareholders is unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing,
holding, disposing of, dealing in, or the exercise of any rights in relation to the Shares, he or she is advised to consult
an expert.

Permitted Indemnity Provisions

The Company has maintained appropriate liability insurance policies for its Directors and senior management during
the Reporting Period. Pursuant to the Articles of Association and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every
Director shall be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by
him/her as a Director in defending any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which judgement is given in his/her
favour, or in which he/she is acquitted.

Public Float

According to the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Board, as
of December 31, 2025, excluding an aggregate of 133,813,509 Shares held by the core connected persons of the
Company, among all the 170,772,622 issued Shares of the Company, the Company had maintained a public float of
21.64% of the total issued share capital of the Company, which complies with the minimum percentage of 19.36% as
prescribed in the conditions imposed in the waiver granted by the Stock Exchange from strict compliance with Rule
8.08(1) of the Listing Rules as required by Rule 13.32B(1) of the Listing Rules.

Audit Committee

As of the date of this annual report, the Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors,
namely, Mr. ZHOU Hao, Mr. HAN Xiaojing and Mr. SHI Zi, and Mr. ZHOU Hao serves as the chairman of the Audit
Committee.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the annual results of the Group for FY2025 and has recommended for the Board’s
approval thereof. The Audit Committee has also reviewed together with the management the accounting principles
and policies adopted by the Group and the consolidated financial statements of the Group for FY2025 and discussed
matters in relation to, among others, risk management, internal control and financial reporting of the Group with
the management and PricewaterhouseCoopers, the independent auditor of the Company. Based on this review and
discussions with the management and the independent auditor of the Company, the Audit Committee was satisfied
that the annual results of the Group were prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards and fairly
present the Group’s financial position and results for FY2025.




60   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Auditor

PricewaterhouseCoopers was appointed as the auditor during the Reporting Period. The consolidated financial
statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers. There
is no change of auditor of the Company since the listing date of the Company.

A resolution for the re-appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as the auditors of the Company will be proposed at
the AGM.

Donation

During the Reporting Period, the Group donated approximately USD0.1 million.

Compliance with Non-Competition Undertakings

On May 20, 2021, Mr. FENG Dai, CareCapital Management Group LLC, CareCapital Dental Holdings Limited,
CareCapital Moonstone Holdings Limited, CareCapital EA, Inc. and CareCapital Orthotech Limited (collectively,
“CareCapital”) entered into the deed of non-competition in favor of our Company (the “Deed of Non-Competition”),
pursuant to which they have each undertaken to our Company that they will not and will use their best reasonable
efforts to procure their close associates (except any member of our Group) not to commence, engage in, participate
in or acquire any business (“Restricted Business”) which competes with our core business of research and
development, manufacture and marketing of clear aligners treatment solutions in China, subject to certain limited
exceptions. For details of the Deed of Non-Competition, please refer to the section headed “Relationship with
Controlling Shareholders – Non-Competition Undertaking” in the Prospectus.

The Company has received a written confirmation from CareCapital in respect of the compliance by them and their
close associates with the terms of the Deed of Non-Competition. CareCapital have confirmed that they have complied
with the undertaking under the Deed of Non-Competition during the Reporting Period.

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the Deed of Non-Competition and assessed whether
CareCapital and their close associates have complied with the terms of the Deed of Non-Competition, and were
satisfied that CareCapital has complied with his/its undertakings under the Deed of Non-Competition during the
Reporting Period.

Corporate Governance

The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance practices. During the Reporting
Period, the Company had complied with all the applicable code provisions of the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 to
the Listing Rules. Detailed information on the corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in
the Corporate Governance Report on pages 63 to 82 of this annual report.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2025         61
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



Events After the Reporting Period

As of the date of this annual report, save as disclosed in this annual report, there has been no significant event since
the end of the Reporting Period that is required to be disclosed by the Company.

Appreciation

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere gratitude to dental professionals, patients and business
partners for their trust in our Company, our staff and management team for their diligence, dedication, loyalty and
integrity, and our Shareholders for their continuous support.

By order of the Board of Directors
Angelalign Technology Inc.

Mr. FENG Dai
Chairman

Hong Kong
March 27, 2026




62   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT
The Board is pleased to present the Corporate Governance Report contained in the Company’s annual report for the
year ended December 31, 2025.

Cultures and Values

A healthy corporate culture across the Company is integral to attain its vision and strategy. It is the Board’s role to
foster a corporate culture and to ensure that the Company’s vision and business strategies are aligned to it.

The Company strives to maintain high standards of business ethics and corporate governance across all its activities
and operations. The Directors and management are all required to act lawfully, ethically and responsibly. Trainings
are conducted from time to time to reinforce the required standards in respect of ethics and integrity.

The Company will continuously review and adjust, if necessary, its business strategies and keep track of the changing
market conditions to ensure prompt and proactive measures will be taken to respond to the changes and meet
the market needs to achieve business objectives, while having due considerations from environment, social and
governance aspects.

Corporate Governance Practices

The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of
Shareholders and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Board believes that good corporate governance
standards are essential in providing a framework for the Company to safeguard the interests of the Shareholders
and to enhance corporate value, formulate its business strategies and policies, and enhance its transparency and
accountability.

The Company has adopted the principles and the code provisions of the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the
Listing Rules as its own code of corporate governance.

During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed below, the Company had complied with all the applicable code
provisions of the CG Code.

The Board

Responsibility

The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, oversees the Group’s strategic decisions and monitors
business and performance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for day-to-day management
and operation of the Group to the senior management of the Group. To oversee particular aspects of the Company’s
affairs, the Board has established three Board committees including the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee
and the Remuneration Committee. The Board has delegated to these Board Committees responsibilities as set out in
their respective terms of reference.

All Directors shall ensure that they carry out their duties in good faith, in compliance with applicable laws and
regulations, and in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders at all times.

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage in respect of liability arising from legal action against the
Directors, and will conduct annual review on such insurance coverage.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025         63
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Board Composition and Diversity

The composition of the Board during the Reporting Period is as follows:

Executive Directors

Mr. FENG Dai (Chairman) (re-designated from non-executive Director with effect from April 23, 2026)
Mr. HU Jiezhang (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. HUANG Kun
Ms. DONG Li
Mr. SONG Xin (resigned as an executive director with effect from April 23, 2026)

Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. HAN Xiaojing
Mr. SHI Zi
Mr. ZHOU Hao

The biographies of the Directors are set out under the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this
annual report.

The independent non-executive Directors have confirmed their independence pursuant to the independence
guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules by written confirmation and the Company considers each of them
to be independent.

We have adopted the Board Diversity Policy which sets out the approach to achieve diversity on our Board in order
to enhance the quality of its performance. The Board Diversity Policy provides that our Company should endeavor
to ensure that our Board members have the appropriate balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives
that are required to support the execution of its business strategy. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, we seek
to achieve Board diversity through the consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to professional
experiences, skills, knowledge, gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity and length of service.
Our Board and Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy from time to time to ensure its continued
effectiveness and monitor and report annually in our corporate governance report about the implementation of the
Board Diversity Policy.

The Nomination Committee and the Board has reviewed the diversity of the Board and the Board Diversity Policy for
the Reporting Period. As of December 31, 2025, the diversity profile of the Board is analyzed as follows: The Directors
have a balanced mix of experiences, including overall management, business development, information technology,
legal, and finance experiences. The Board has also maintained a gender balance with one female Directors and
seven male Directors. Furthermore, the age of the Directors ranges from 39 years old to 71 years old. The education
background of the Directors includes bio-technology, finance, auditing, information technology and business
administration to law, with degrees awarded by education institutions in the PRC, Hong Kong and the United States.




64   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



At present, the Nomination Committee considered that the Board is sufficiently diverse. The Board will consider
setting measurable objectives to implement the Board Diversity Policy and review such objectives from time to time
to ensure their appropriateness and ascertain continuous compliance by the Company with the board diversity
requirement under the Listing Rules.

Save as disclosed in the biographies of the Directors as set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior
Management” of this annual report, none of the Directors has any personal relationship (including financial, business,
family or other material/relevant relationship) with any other Directors or chief executive.

All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business
experience, knowledge and expertise to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. Independent
non-executive Directors are invited to serve on the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the
Nomination Committee.

As regards the code provision under the CG Code requiring directors to disclose the number and nature of offices held
in public companies or organizations and other significant commitments as well as their identity and the time involved
to the issuer, the Directors have agreed to disclose their commitments to the Company in a timely manner.

Gender Diversity

The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The following table sets out the gender ratio in the
workforce of the Group, including the Board and senior management as at the date of this annual report:

                                                                           Female                                Male

Board                                                                       14.3%                              85.7%
Senior management                                                           16.7%                              83.3%
Overall workforce                                                            53%                                47%


The Board was satisfied the gender ratio in the workforce of the Group.

Board Independence Evaluation

The Company recognizes that Board independence is key to good corporate governance. The Company has in place
effective mechanisms that underpin an independent Board and that independent views are available.

The current composition of the Board, comprising more than one third of the Board being independent non-executive
Directors, and the members of the Audit Committee are all independent non-executive Directors, exceeding the
independence requirements under the Listing Rules. The remuneration of independent non-executive Directors are
subject to a regular review to maintain competitiveness and commensurate with their responsibilities and workload.
The independence of each independent non-executive Director is assessed upon his appointment and annually.

Directors are requested to declare their direct or indirect interests, if any, in proposals or transactions to be
considered by the Board at the Board meetings and abstain from voting, where appropriate.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025            65
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Company have established mechanism to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. The
Board and the Board committees have the right to seek the service of independent professional institutions according
to the needs of the exercise of authority, performance of duties or businesses, and the reasonable expenses incurred
thereon shall be borne by the Company.

The independent non-executive Directors have consistently demonstrated strong commitment and the ability to
devote sufficient time to discharge their responsibilities at the Board. The Company has also established channels
through formal and informal means whereby independent non-executive Directors can express their views.

The Board has reviewed the implementation of the mechanisms in relation to the Board independence and considered
it to be effective during the Reporting Period. The Board will continue to review the implementation and effectiveness
of such mechanism on an annual basis.

Induction and Continuous Professional Development

All newly appointed Directors would be provided with necessary induction and information to ensure that they have
a proper understanding of the Company’s operations and businesses as well as their responsibilities under relevant
statutes, laws, rules and regulations. The Company also arranges regular training to provide the Directors with
updates on latest development and changes in the Listing Rules and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements
from time to time. The Directors are also provided with regular updates on the Company’s performance, position and
prospects to enable the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties.

The Company encourages continuous professional development training for all the Directors to develop and refresh
their knowledge and skills. The company secretary of the Company update and provide the Directors with written
training materials in relation to their roles, functions and duties from time to time.




66   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



According to the information provided by the Directors, the training received by the Directors during the Reporting
Period is summarized as follows:

                                                                                                   Scope
                                                                                                 Risk                               Approximate
                                                                                        management                                    number of
                                                              Laws and     Corporate     and Internal   The Group’s    Directors’ training hours
Directors                                                   Regulations   governance          control     business responsibilities   completed

Executive Directors
Mr. FENG Dai (Chairman) (re-designated from non-executive      0.5 hour      0.5 hour        0.5 hour       5 hours       0.5 hour
  Director with effect from April 23, 2026)                     Note B        Note B          Note B       Note A&C        Note B        7 hours
                                                               0.5 hour      0.5 hour        0.5 hour       5 hours       0.5 hour
Mr. HU Jiezhang                                                 Note B        Note B          Note B       Note A&C        Note B        7 hours
                                                               0.5 hour      0.5 hour        0.5 hour       5 hours       0.5 hour
Mr. HUANG Kun                                                   Note B        Note B          Note B       Note A&C        Note B        7 hours
                                                               0.5 hour      0.5 hour        0.5 hour       5 hours       0.5 hour
Mr. SONG Xin (resigned with effect from April 23, 2026)         Note B        Note B          Note B       Note A&C        Note B        7 hours
                                                               0.5 hour      0.5 hour        0.5 hour       5 hours       0.5 hour
Ms. DONG Li                                                     Note B        Note B          Note B       Note A&C        Note B        7 hours

Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                               0.5 hour      0.5 hour        0.5 hour       5 hours       0.5 hour
Mr. HAN Xiaojing                                                Note B        Note B          Note B       Note A&C        Note B        7 hours
                                                               0.5 hour      0.5 hour        0.5 hour       5 hours       0.5 hour
Mr. SHI Zi                                                      Note B        Note B          Note B       Note A&C        Note B        7 hours
                                                               0.5 hour      0.5 hour        0.5 hour       5 hours       0.5 hour
Mr. ZHOU Hao                                                    Note B        Note B          Note B       Note A&C        Note B        7 hours

Note:

Types of Training
A: by self-study
B: training by external provider
C: Seminar

Appointment and Re-Election of Directors

Our executive Directors, Mr. FENG Dai, Mr. HU Jiezhang, Mr. HUANG Kun and Ms. DONG Li, have entered into service
contracts with our Company with effect on April 23, 2026, July 31, 2023, September 30, 2023 and April 3, 2026,
respectively. We have issued letters of appointment to our independent non-executive Directors, Mr. HAN Xiaojing,
Mr. SHI Zi and Mr. ZHOU Hao, with effect on March 19, 2024, March 19, 2024 and April 11, 2026, respectively. The
service contracts with each of our executive Directors and the letters of appointment with each of our independent
non-executive Directors are for an initial fixed term of three years commencing from the date on which the service
contract and/or letter of appointment was taken into effect. The service contracts and the letters of appointment
are subject to termination in accordance with their respective terms. The service contracts and/or the letters of
appointment may be renewed in accordance with the Articles of Association and the applicable Listing Rules.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025                  67
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Board shall have power at any time and from time to time to appoint any person to be a Director, either to fill
a casual vacancy or as an addition to the existing Directors. Any Director so appointed shall hold office only until
first annual general meeting of the Company after his appointment and shall then be eligible for re-election at that
meeting, but shall not be taken into account in determining the number of Directors and which Directors are to retire
by rotation at such meeting.

At every annual general meeting of the Company one-third of the Directors for the time being, or, if their number is
not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but not less than, one-third, shall retire from office by
rotation, provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by
rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall retain office until the close of the meeting at which he
retires and shall be eligible for re-election thereat. The Company at any annual general meeting at which any Directors
retire may fill the vacated office by electing a like number of persons to be Directors.

The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the Articles of
Association. The Board has delegated certain of its responsibilities and authority for selection and nomination
of Directors to the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board’s
composition, and for making recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-election and succession planning
of Directors, and the Board will determine the relevant matters after taking into account of the recommendations.

 The Company has adopted a Director Nomination Policy which is contained in the terms of reference of the
 Nomination Committee that sets out the selection criteria and process in relation to nomination of Directors and aims
 to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company
 and the continuity of the Board and appropriate leadership at Board level.

 The Director Nomination Policy sets out the factors for assessing the suitability and the potential contribution to
 the Board of a proposed candidate, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
 professional experience or diversity needed in the future, and, in the light of this evaluation, prepare a description of
 the role and capabilities required for a particular appointment. In identifying suitable candidates, the Nomination
 Committee shall:

 (i)    use open advertising or the services of external advisors to facilitate the search;

 (ii)   consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds; and

 (iii) consider candidates on merit and against objective criteria, taking care that appointees have enough time
       available to devote to the position.

 During the Reporting Period, the retired and re-elected Director nominated by the Nomination Committee and
 recommended by the Board were subject to a stringent nomination process in accordance with the Director
 Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy, to ensure the Board possesses the necessary skills, experience and
 knowledge in alignment with the Company’s strategy.

 The Nomination Committee will review the Director Nomination Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.




68      Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Nomination Procedures

Subject to the Articles of Association, the following nomination procedures should be followed:

(i)    the Nomination Committee shall review the structure, size, composition (including the skills, knowledge and
       experience) and diversity (including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
       ethnicity, professional experience, required expertise, skills, knowledge and length of service) of the Board
       at least annually and making recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the
       Company’s corporate strategy;

(ii)   the Nomination Committee shall make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment
       of Directors and succession plans for Directors, in particular the chairman and the chief executive officer. The
       Nomination Committee shall make recommendations on appointment of Directors with due regard to the
       diversity policy of the Company and in accordance with the challenges and opportunities faced by the Company;

(iii) the Nomination Committee shall identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and select or
      make recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorship. In identifying
      suitable candidates, the Nomination Committee shall consider candidates on merit and against the objective
      criteria, with due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board;

(iv) the Nomination Committee shall before making any appointment recommendations to the Board, evaluate the
     balance of Directors based on (including but not limited to) gender, age, cultural and educational background,
     professional experience or diversity needed in the future, and, in the light of this evaluation, prepare a description
     of the role and capabilities required for a particular appointment;

(v)    the Board shall deliberate and decide on the appointment based on the recommendation of the Nomination
       Committee;

(vi) appointments of Directors should be confirmed by a letter of appointment or Director service agreement, as
     appropriate, setting out the key terms and conditions of the appointment of Directors;

(vii) pursuant to Rule 13.74 of the Listing Rules, where shareholders are required to vote on electing or re-electing
      Directors, the circular accompanying the notice of the relevant general meeting should include all information of
      the candidates required under Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules;

(viii) a shareholder shall be entitled to serve a notice to the company secretary within the lodgment period of its
       intention to propose a resolution to elect a person as a Director, without recommendation of the Board or
       nomination of the Nomination Committee, other than those candidates set out in the shareholder circular. The
       particulars of the candidates proposed shall be sent to all shareholders for information by a supplementary
       circular;

(ix) a candidate shall be entitled to withdraw his/her candidature at any time before the general meeting by serving a
     notice, in writing, to the company secretary; and

(x)    the Board shall have the final decision on matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to stand for
       election at any general meeting.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025           69
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Attendance Records at the Meetings of the Board and General Meeting

The Company adopts the practice of holding Board meetings regularly, at least four times a year, and at approximately
quarterly intervals. Notices of no less than fourteen days are given for all regular Board meetings to provide all
Directors with an opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for a regular meeting.

For other Board meetings and Board Committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given by the Company.
The agenda and accompanying Board papers are dispatched at least three days before the Board meetings or
Board Committee meetings to ensure that the Directors have sufficient time to review the papers and be adequately
prepared for the meetings. When Directors or committee members are unable to attend a meeting, they will be
advised of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity to make their views known to the Chairman prior to
the meeting. Minutes of meetings shall be kept by the joint company secretary with copies circulated to all Directors
for information and records.

Minutes of the Board meetings and Board Committee meetings are recorded in sufficient detail on the matters
considered by the Board and the Board Committees and the decisions reached, including any concerns raised by the
Directors. Draft minutes of each Board meeting and Board Committee meeting are sent to the Directors for comments
within a reasonable time after the date on which the meeting is held. The minutes of the Board meetings are open for
inspection by all Directors.

During the Reporting Period, the Company held 4 Board meetings and 1 general meeting in total and the attendance
of individual Director at the Board meetings and general meetings are set out in the table below:

                                                  Number of Actual Attendance  Number of Actual Attendance
                                                           at Board Meetings/           at General Meeting/
                                                          Number of Required           Number of Required
Name of Directors                                Attendance at Board Meetings Attendance at General Meeting

Mr. FENG Dai                                                                 4/4                                1/1
Mr. HU Jiezhang                                                              4/4                                1/1
Mr. HUANG Kun                                                                4/4                                1/1
Ms. DONG Li                                                                  4/4                                1/1
Mr. HAN Xiaojing                                                             4/4                                1/1
Mr. SHI Zi                                                                   4/4                                1/1
Mr. ZHOU Hao                                                                 4/4                                1/1
Mr. SONG Xin（resigned with effect from
 April 23, 2026）                                                             4/4                                1/1


Compliance with the Model Code

The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules as the code of conduct
regarding securities transactions by the Directors. Having made specific enquiries of all Directors, each of the
Directors has confirmed that he or she has complied with the requirements as set out in the Model Code during the
Reporting Period.




70   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Delegation by the Board

The Board reserves for its decision on all major matters of the Company, including: approval and monitoring of all
policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, internal control and risk management systems, material transactions
(in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information, appointment of Directors and other
significant financial and operational matters. Directors could have recourse to seek independent professional advice
in performing their duties at the Company’s expense. Directors are encouraged to access and to consult with the
Company’s senior management independently.

The daily management, administration and operation of the Group are delegated to the senior management. The
delegated functions and responsibilities are periodically reviewed by the Board. Approval has to be obtained from the
Board prior to any significant transactions entered into by the management.

Corporate Governance Functions

The Board confirmed that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of the Directors, which
includes:

(i)    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices in compliance with legal and regulatory
       requirements;

(ii)   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior
       management;

(iii) to develop, review and monitor the codes of conduct and compliance manuals applicable to employees and the
      Directors;

(iv) to develop and review the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, make recommendations and
     report on related issues to the Board; and

(v)    to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

Board Committees

Our Company has established three committees under the Board pursuant to the corporate governance practice
requirements under the Listing Rules, including the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination
Committee.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025         71
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Audit Committee

As at the date of this annual report, the Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors,
namely Mr. HAN Xiaojing, Mr. SHI Zi and Mr. ZHOU Hao. Mr. ZHOU Hao, the chairman of the Audit Committee, is
appropriately qualified as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules.

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.
The Audit Committee’s duties and powers include, among others:

(i)    make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment, and/or removal of the external
       auditor, and approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor, and consider any
       questions of resignation or dismissal of that auditor;

(ii)   monitor the integrity of financial statements, annual reports and accounts, interim reports and, if prepared for
       publication, quarterly reports, and to review significant financial reporting judgments contained in them;

(iii) oversee the Company’s financial reporting system, risk management and internal control procedures; and

(iv) perform the Company’s corporate governance functions, including reviewing and monitoring the Company’s
     policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and the training and continuous
     professional development of Directors and senior management.

The Audit Committee has reviewed together with the management the accounting principles and policies adopted
by the Group and the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025. The
Audit Committee considered that the annual results of the Group are in compliance with the applicable accounting
standards, laws and regulations, and the Company has made appropriate disclosures thereof.

During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held 4 meetings to discuss and consider the following: (i) reviewing
the annual financial statements, annual results announcement and annual report of the Group for the year ended
December 31, 2024, (ii) reviewing the interim financial statements, interim results announcement and interim report
of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2025; (iii) recommending to the Board on the appointment of the
auditor of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025 and reviewing the report on the 2025 audit plan;
and (iv) reviewing the Company’s financial reporting process, risk management, internal control system and internal
audit function.

During the Reporting Period, the attendance of the Audit Committee members at the meetings is set out in the table
below:

                                                                                    Number of attendance/required
Name of Audit Committee members                                                                       attendance

Mr. ZHOU Hao (Chairman)                                                                                           4/4
Mr. HAN Xiaojing                                                                                                  4/4
Mr. SHI Zi                                                                                                        4/4




72     Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Nomination Committee

As of the date of this annual report, the Nomination Committee comprises two executive Directors, namely Mr. FENG
Dai and Ms. DONG Li, and three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. HAN Xiaojing, Mr. SHI Zi and Mr.
ZHOU Hao. Mr. FENG Dai, chairman of the Board, is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.

The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
Company. The Nomination Committee’s duties and powers include, among others:

(i)    review the structure, number and composition (including the skills, knowledge, experience and diversity) of the
       Board at least annually, assist the Board in maintaining a board skills matrix and make recommendations on any
       proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s strategy;

(ii)   identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and select or make recommendations to the
       Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

(iii) assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors;

(iv) support the Company’s regular evaluation of the Board’s performance;

(v)    make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession
       planning for Directors, in particular the chairman and the chief executive officer;

(vi) review the Board Diversity Policy and any measurable objectives for implementing such Board Diversity Policy as
     may be adopted by the Board from time to time and to review the progress on achieving the objectives; and

(vii) where the Board proposes a resolution to elect an individual as an independent non-executive Director at the
      general meeting, the reasons why the Board believe he/she should be elected and the reasons why the Board
      consider the individual to be independent should be set out in the circular to Shareholders and/or an explanatory
      statement accompanying the notice of the relevant general meeting.

The Nomination Committee assesses, selects, and recommends candidates for directors to the Board on criteria such
as credibility, success, and experience in the Company’s industry, time available to be invested, benefits of sectors
represented by the candidates, and the diversity the candidates will bring to the Board. The recommendations of the
Nomination Committee will then be put to the Board for decision.

During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee held 1 meeting to discuss and consider (i) the Directors
nomination policy and the structure, number and composition (including the gender, skills, knowledge, experience
diversity) of the Board; (ii) Board Diversity Policy; (iii) the independence of independent non-executive Directors; and (iv)
the retiring and re-election of Directors, etc.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2025           73
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



During the Reporting Period, the attendance of the Nomination Committee members at the meeting is set out in the
table below:

                                                                                        Number of attendance/required
Name of Nomination Committee members                                                                      attendance
Mr. FENG Dai (Chairman)                                                                                                1/1
Ms. DONG Li (appointed with effect from June 24, 2025)                                                                 0/0
Mr. HAN Xiaojing                                                                                                       1/1
Mr. SHI Zi                                                                                                             1/1
Mr. ZHOU Hao                                                                                                           1/1
Mr. SONG Xin (ceased with effect from June 24, 2025)                                                                   1/1

Remuneration Committee

As of the date of this annual report, the Remuneration Committee comprises two executive Directors, namely Mr. HU
Jiezhang and Mr. HUANG Kun, and three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. HAN Xiaojing, Mr. SHI Zi
and Mr. ZHOU Hao. Mr. HAN Xiaojing is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.

The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
Company. The Remuneration Committee’s duties and powers include, among others:

(i)    make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors’ and senior
       management remuneration and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing
       remuneration policy;

(ii)   review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals
       and objectives;

(iii) determine, with delegated responsibility from the Board, the remuneration packages of individual executive
      Directors and senior management, including benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments,
      including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment;

(iv) make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

(v)    consider salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and employment
       conditions elsewhere in the Group, assess performance of executive Directors, approve the terms of executive
       Directors and service contracts;

(vi) review and approve the compensation payable to executive Directors and senior management for any loss or
     termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual terms and is otherwise fair
     and not excessive;

(vii) review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for misconduct to
      ensure that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise reasonable and appropriate;

(viii) ensure that no Director or any of his/her associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) is involved in deciding his/her
       own remuneration; and

(ix) review and approve matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.




74     Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee held 1 meeting to discuss and consider the following: (i)
reviewing and making recommendation to the Board on the remuneration policy and the remuneration packages of
the Directors and senior management; and (ii) reviewing and approving the grant of Awards and Options under the
Post-IPO RSU Scheme and the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.

During the Reporting Period, the attendance of the Remuneration Committee members at the meetings is set out in
the table below:

                                                                                   Number of attendance/required
Name of Remuneration Committee members                                                               attendance
Mr. HAN Xiaojing (Chairman)                                                                                      1/1
Mr. HU Jiezhang                                                                                                  1/1
Mr. HUANG Kun                                                                                                    1/1
Mr. SHI Zi                                                                                                       1/1
Mr. ZHOU Hao                                                                                                     1/1


Material Matters Relating to Share Award Schemes

During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee reviewed and/or approved certain material matters
relating to the Share Award Schemes, including (i) the proposed amendments to the Post-IPO RSU Scheme and the
Post-IPO Share Option Scheme; (ii) the grant and cancellation of Options and the grant of RSUs in 2025. Considering
the purpose of the Share Award Schemes and the Group’s business is undergoing rapid expansion, the Remuneration
Committee believed that the grant and cancellation of Options and the grant of RSUs in 2025 served as important
step to (i) recognize the past contributions of the relevant grantees to the Group’s business performance; (ii)
motivate, retain and secure their long-term commitment to the Group, which is vital to the continual operation,
future development and long-term growth of the Group; and (iii) closely align the interests of the Shareholders, the
Group and the relevant grantees to maximize employee engagement. In addition, as the vesting period for part of
the Options and RSUs granted in 2025 is less than 12 months, the Remuneration Committee is of the view that the
shorter vesting period enables the Company to offer competitive remuneration and reward packages to the Options
and RSU Grantees, on an ad hoc basis, in such circumstances that would be justified and reasonable, which is also
consistent with the Listing Rules and the former practice of the Company and peer companies in the Group’s industry.
Accordingly, the shorter vesting period for part of the Options and RSUs is considered appropriate and aligns with the
purpose of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme.

Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated January 17, 2025, March 21, 2025, June 24, 2025, Augusts
25, 2025 and November 24, 2025 for further details.

Remuneration of Directors and Senior Management

The remuneration of the Directors of the Company during the Reporting Period is set out in Note 39 to the consolidated
financial statements.

The remuneration of senior management of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025 falls under the
following bands:

Band of remuneration                                                                         Number of individuals
Below USD500,000                                                                                                   2
USD500,000 to USD1,000,000                                                                                         2
Above USD1,000,000                                                                                                 2




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025            75
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Directors’ Responsibilities for Financial Reporting

The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for the preparation of the financial statements for the Reporting
Period which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company and the Group and of the Group’s results
and cash flows.

The management has provided the Board with such explanation and information as are necessary to enable the Board
to carry out an informed assessment of the Company’s financial statements, which are put to the Board for approval.

The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant
doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The statement by the auditor regarding their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements of the
Group is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report of this annual report.

Dividend Policy

The Company has adopted a dividend policy. The determination to pay dividends will be made at the discretion of
the Directors, subject to the Listing Rules, and will depend upon, among others, the financial results, cash flow,
business conditions and strategies, future operations and earnings, capital requirements and expenditure plans,
any restrictions on payment of dividends, and other factors that the Directors may consider relevant. The Company
in general meeting may from time to time by ordinary resolution declare dividends in any currency to be paid to the
Shareholders but no dividend shall be declared in excess of the amount recommended by the Board, provided always
that in no circumstances may a dividend be paid if this would result in the Company being unable to pay its debts as
they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

The Group is committed to creating enhanced returns for our Shareholders. To enable Shareholders to share the
benefits of the Group’s growth, the Board has adopted a dividend policy which targets a payout ratio of approximately
40% of the Group’s net profit attributable to Shareholders for each financial year, subject to the Board’s assessment
of the Group’s financial performance, cash flow position, capital requirements, and future development plans. The
dividend policy will be reviewed by the Board on a regular basis.

Risk Management and Internal Control

The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the risk management and internal control systems and reviewing their
effectiveness. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Board has the overall responsibility for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks it is willing
to take in achieving the Company’s strategic objectives, and establishing and maintaining appropriate and effective
risk management and internal control systems. The Board oversees risk management functions directly and also
through the Audit Committee and the senior management, and will assess the effectiveness of the risk management
and internal control systems at least once a year.




76   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



The Audit Committee assists the Board in leading the management, monitoring and overseeing the risk management
and internal control systems. The senior management is responsible for the overall implementation of risk
management and internal control plans and policies determined by the Board and managing the risks in connection
with all of the Company’s business operations. The senior management identifies, assess and take measures against
any significant risks that the Company is facing, and reports to the Board on a periodical basis.

The internal control department oversees and monitors the risk management and internal control systems. It
identifies any material risks and makes recommendations on the improvement and rectification plans and measures
with regard to the identified issues to ensure that the planned remedial measures have been duly implemented.

The internal audit department performs the independent review on the effectiveness of the risk management and
internal control with a risk-based approach and reports the review results to the Audit Committee on periodical basis.

Risk management

The Company has established a risk management system which sets out the roles and responsibilities of each
relevant party as well as the relevant risk management policies and processes. The Company, on a regular basis,
identifies and assesses risk factors that may negatively affect the achievement of its objectives, and formulates
appropriate response measures.

The Company has adopted the following dynamic risk management process in response to the ever-changing risk
landscape:

(i)    Business and functional departments identify, assess, respond to risks in the course of daily operation and
       establish control measures to mitigate risks in a systematic manner.

(ii)   The internal control department establishes internal control framework, provides guidance and advisory,
       oversee, assess and monitor the internal control status, and escalate concerns and communicate results to the
       senior management.

(iii) The internal audit department performs the independent review of the effectiveness of the internal control with a
      risk-based approach, and communicates any findings to the relevant parties and the senior management to take
      proper action plan. All the review results are reported to the Audit Committee periodically.

(iv) The Audit Committee, on behalf of the Board, assesses and determines the nature and level of the risks that
     the Company is willing to take in order to achieve its business objectives and formulates appropriate response
     strategies which includes designating responsible departments for handling each significant risk. The Audit
     Committee provides guidance to the Company’s management to implement effective risk management system
     with supports from the internal audit department.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025         77
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Internal control

The Company has always valued the importance of the internal control systems, and has complied with the
requirements under the CG Code and Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules.

The management of the Company is responsible for the design, implementation and maintenance of the effectiveness
of the internal control systems. The Board, assisted by the Audit Committee, is responsible for monitoring and
overseeing the performance of management over the internal control system to ensure that it is appropriate and
effective.

The Company’s internal control systems clearly define the roles and responsibilities of each party as well as the
authorizations and approvals required for key actions of the Company. Policies and procedures are put in place for the
key business processes. This information is also clearly conveyed to employees of the Company in practice and plays
an important role in the internal control systems. All employees must strictly follow the policies which cover, amongst
other things, financial, legal, data security and operational issues that set the control standards for the management
of each business process.

In addition, the internal audit department supervises the establishment of the risk management and internal control
systems covering key business processes as well as information and data security, set up by the management,
ensures that management has implemented appropriate measures and reports its independent review of risk
management and internal control of the Company to the Audit Committee periodically.

The Group has established the process committee (the “Process Committee”), whose goals are:

 (i)    to drive improvements with a problem-solving approach, enhancing operational efficiency while controlling the
        risks; and

 (ii)   to identify potential risks, ensuring the long-term sustainability of the Group.

 The Process Committee aims to gradually achieve the goals to address the uncertainty of the environment by using
 rigorous processes and rules.




78      Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Review of risk management and internal control

The Audit Committee, on behalf of the Board, continuously reviews the risk management and internal control
systems.

The review process comprises, among other things, of meetings with management of business and functional
departments, internal control department, legal and compliance department, and the external auditors, reviewing the
relevant work reports and information of key performance indicators, independent internal audit review and external
auditors’ assessment on internal control and discussing the major risks with the senior management of the Company.

The Board is of the view that throughout the Reporting Period, the risk management and internal control systems of
the Group are effective and adequate.

In addition, the Board believes that the Company’s accounting and financial reporting functions have been performed
by staff with appropriate qualifications and experience and that such staff receive appropriate and sufficient training
and development. Based on the work report from the Audit Committee, the Board also believes that the Company’s
internal control and internal audit functions are adequate with sufficient resources and budget. The relevant staff
have appropriate qualifications and experience, and receive sufficient training and development to fulfil their duties.

The management has confirmed to the Board and the Audit Committee on the effectiveness of the risk management
and internal control systems for the Reporting Period.

The Board, as supported by the Audit Committee as well as the management report and the internal audit findings by
the internal auditor, reviewed the risk management and internal control systems, including the financial, operational
and compliance controls, for the Reporting Period, and considered that such systems are effective and adequate. The
annual review also covered the financial reporting and internal audit function and staff qualifications, experiences
and relevant resources, as well as those relating to the Company’s ESG performance and reporting.

Arrangements are put in place to facilitate employees of the Company to raise, in confidence, concerns about possible
improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the Company.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025         79
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Inside Information

The Company has also implemented proper procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination
of inside information, including, among others, establishing a policy on the disclosure of inside information to
ensure that all current and prospective investors of the Company, market participants and the public are provided
with appropriate information relating to the Group in a timely and simultaneous manner. The policy has been
communicated to all relevant staff and related training has also been provided to them.

Whistle-blowing Mechanism

A whistle-blowing mechanism has been set up to encourage and allow employees to raise concerns about possible
improprieties in matters of financial reporting, compliance, and other malpractices at the earliest opportunity. The
Audit Committee has the overall responsibility for the management of the mechanism and has delegated day-to-day
responsibility of overseeing and implementing such policy to the management of the Group. If any employee believes
reasonably and in good faith that malpractice exists in the workplace, he/she should report to the management or
Audit Committee by email immediately. All reports are treated confidentially and the Group makes every effort to keep
the employee’s identity confidential.

Anti-corruption Training

To strengthen understanding of relevant applicable laws and regulations, training regarding ethical business conduct
covering topics such as integrity and discipline, confidentiality and conflict of interest is provided to our employees.

Auditor’s Remuneration

The auditor’s approximate remuneration in respect of the audit and non-audit services provided to the Company for
the Reporting Period is as follows:

                                                                                                              Amount
Type of services                                                                                            (USD’000)

Audit services                                                                                                    799
Non-audit services                                                                                                141
Total                                                                                                             940




80   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Company Secretary

Mr. ZHU Lingbo resigned as the company secretary of the Company and Mr. LEE Leong Yin was appointed as the
company secretary of the Company, with effect from May 15, 2025. Mr. Lee is a senior manager in the Company
Secretarial Services Department of Tricor Services Limited. The primary corporate contact person for Mr. Lee at the
Company is Ms. DONG Li, an executive Director and chief financial officer of the Company.

During the Reporting Period, Mr. Lee had undertaken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in
compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

Communication with Shareholders and Investor Relationship

The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor
relations and understanding of the Group’s business, performance, and strategies. The Company also recognizes the
importance of timely and non-selective disclosure of information on the Company for the Shareholders and investors
to make informed investment decisions.

The annual general meeting provide opportunity for Shareholders to communicate directly with the Directors. The
chairman of the Company and the chairmen of the Board Committees of the Company will attend the annual general
meeting to answer Shareholders’ questions. The auditor will also attend the annual general meeting to answer
questions about the conduct of the audit, the preparation and content of the auditor’s report, the accounting policies,
and auditor’s independence.

To promote effective communication and to build an inter-relationship and communication channel between the
Company and the Shareholders, the Company adopts a Shareholders’ communication policy and maintains a website
at www.angelalign.com, where the up-to-date information on the Company’s business operations and developments,
financial information, corporate governance practices, and other information are available for public access. The
Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ communication policy and the results
were satisfactory.

Shareholders’ Rights

To safeguard the Shareholders’ interests and rights, a separate resolution will be proposed for each issue at general
meetings, including the election of individual directors.

All resolutions put forward at general meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and the poll
results will be posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange in a timely manner after each general
meeting.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025         81
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting and Putting Forward Proposals

Any one or more Shareholder(s) of the Company holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than
one-tenth of voting rights, on a one vote per share basis of the Company carrying the right of voting at general
meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition deposited at the principal office of
the Company in Hong Kong or, in the event the Company ceases to have such a principal office, the registered office
of the Company, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be convened by the Company for the transaction of
any business specified in such requisition and add the resolutions to the meeting agenda; and such meeting shall be
held within 21 days after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to
convene such meeting to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionist(s) himself/herself (themselves) or any of
them representing more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them may do so in the same manner provided
that any meeting so convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the date of deposit of the
requisition, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board to
convene such general meeting shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

As regards proposing a person for election as a Director, the procedures are available on the website of the Company.

Enquiries to the Board

Shareholders who intend to put forward their enquiries about the Company to the Board may send their enquiries
to the Office of the Board at the Company’s headquarters through telephone at +86 (21) 5656 1919 and email at
investors@angelalign.com.

Amendments to Constitutional Document

Save as disclosed below, there has been no change in the Articles of Association during the Reporting Period and up
to the date of this annual report.

On March 3, 2026, the Board proposes (a) to make certain amendments (the “Proposed Amendments”) to the second
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company currently in effect (the “Existing
M&A”) for the purposes of, among other things, (i) enabling the Company to allow the Shareholders to have the
option to attend and participate at general meetings of the Company virtually; (ii) enabling the Company to pay any
dividend, interest or other sum payable in cash to any Shareholder by wire transfer; (iii) bringing the Existing M&A in
line with the latest regulatory requirements; and (iv) incorporating certain minor consequential and housekeeping
amendments; and (b) to adopt the third amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the
Company (the “Amended M&A”) incorporating and consolidating all the Proposed Amendments, in substitution for,
and to the exclusion of, the Existing M&A.The proposed adoption of the Amended M&A is subject to the passing of the
special resolution approving the adoption of the Amended M&A by the Shareholders at the annual general meeting.
For details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated March 3, 2026.




82   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                           DEFINITION
“AGM”                             the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on Tuesday, May 19, 2026 or
                                  any adjournment thereof

“Articles of Association”         the articles of association of the Company, as amended from time to time

“Audit Committee”                 the audit committee of the Board

“Board Committees”                collectively, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the
                                  Nomination Committee

“Board of Directors” or “Board”   the board of directors of our Company

“CareCapital Group”               Mr. FENG Dai and the entities controlled by him directly or indirectly for holding
                                  interests in the Company under the trade name of CareCapital, including
                                  CareCapital Management Group LLC, CareCapital Dental Holdings Limited,
                                  CareCapital Moonstone Holdings Limited, CareCapital EA, Inc. and CareCapital
                                  Orthotech Limited

“CareCapital Holdings”            CareCapital Dental Holdings Limited, a limited liability company incorporated
                                  under the laws of Cayman Islands on April 15, 2015 and a controlling shareholder

“Cayman Companies Act”            the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as amended, supplemented,
                                  or otherwise modified from time to time

“CC Dental”                       Shanghai CareCapital Dental Devices Co., Ltd. (上海松佰牙科器械有限公司)

“CC Dental Group”                 CC Dental and its subsidiaries and associates

“CG Code”                         the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules

“China,” “Mainland China” or      People’s Republic of China, excluding, for the purposes of this annual report and
  “PRC”                           for geographical reference only and except where the context requires otherwise,
                                  Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan

“Company,” “our Company,”         Angelalign Technology Inc. (時代天使科技有限公司), an exempted company
  “Angelalign,” “Group,”          incorporated under the laws of Cayman Islands with limited liability on November
  “our Group,” “we” or “us”       29, 2018, and, except where the context indicated otherwise, all of its subsidiaries,
                                  or with respect to the period before our Company became the holding company of
                                  our current subsidiaries, the business operated by our present subsidiaries or their
                                  predecessors (as the case may be)

“controlling shareholder(s)”      has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025          83
DEFINITION



“Director(s)”                     the director(s) of our Company

“Global Offering”                 the Hong Kong public offering and the international offering of the Company

“HKD” or “HK$”                    Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                       the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“IFRS”                            International Financial Reporting Standards

“IPO”                             initial public offering

“Listing”                         the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange

“Listing Rules”                   the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                  Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time

“Model Code”                      the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained
                                  in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Nomination Committee”            the nomination committee of the Board

“Post-IPO RSU Scheme”             the post-IPO RSU scheme as adopted by the Company on May 20, 2021, as
                                  amended from time to time

“Post-IPO Share Award             collectively, the post-IPO RSU scheme and the post-IPO share option scheme as
  Schemes”                        adopted by the Company on May 20, 2021, as amended from time to time

“Post-IPO Share Option            the post-IPO Share Option Scheme as adopted by the Company on May 20, 2021,
  Scheme”                         as amended from time to time

“Pre-IPO Share Award              collectively, the share award scheme I, the share award scheme II and the share
  Schemes”                        award scheme III as adopted by the Company in December 2020, as amended from
                                  time to time

“Prospectus”                      the prospectus of the Company dated June 3, 2021

“R&D”                             research and development

“Remuneration Committee”          the remuneration committee of the Board




84   Angelalign Technology Inc.
                                                                                                    DEFINITION



“Reporting Period”             the year ended December 31, 2025

“RMB”                          the lawful currency of the PRC

“SFO”                          the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong, as
                               amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Shanghai EA”                  Shanghai EA Medical Instruments Co., Ltd. (上海時代天使醫療器械有限公
                               司), a company incorporated under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on
                               September 5, 2011 and an wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Shanghai Maxflex”             Shanghai Maxflex Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (上海馬可菲斯醫療技術有限公司),
                               a company incorporated under the laws of the PRC with limited liability and owned
                               by the CareCapital Group as to 30%

“Shanghai Kaihao”              Shanghai Kaihao Technology Co., Ltd. (上海愷皓科技有限公司), a company
                               incorporated under the laws of the PRC with limited liability and owned as to 59.0%
                               by Shanghai Kuohong Information Technology Co., Ltd. (上海闊鴻信息科技有限公司)
                               and 40.0% indirectly by Ms. Li Huamin

“Share(s)”                     ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with a par value of US$0.0001
                               each

“Share Award Schemes”          the Pre-IPO Share Award Schemes and the Post-IPO Share Award Schemes

“Shareholder(s)”               holder(s) of our Share(s)

“Stock Exchange”               The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Substantial Shareholder(s)”   has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“United States”                the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject
                               to its jurisdiction

“USD” or “US$”                 US dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“Wuxi EA”                      Wuxi EA Medical Instruments Technologies Limited (無錫時代天使醫療器械科技有
                               限公司), a company incorporated under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on
                               February 10, 2010 and an wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025       85
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

To the shareholders of Angelalign Technology Inc.
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Opinion

What we have audited

The consolidated financial statements of Angelalign Technology Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”),
which are set out on pages 93 to 188, comprise:

•    the consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2025;

•    the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•    the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

 •   the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other
     explanatory information.

Our opinion

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
 the Group as at December 31, 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
 the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and have been properly prepared in compliance
 with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

 Basis for Opinion

 We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under
 those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
 Statements section of our report.

 We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence

 We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants as issued by the
 Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of
 public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




86   Angelalign Technology Inc.
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.

Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

•   Measurement of revenue from rendering of clear aligner treatment solutions

•   Allocation of contract prices to different performance obligations of revenue from sales of clear aligners

Key Audit Matter                                            How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
Measurement of revenue from rendering of clear aligner
treatment solutions

Refer to Note 2.2.9(a), 4(a) and Note 5 to the consolidated To address this key audit matter, we performed audit
financial statements.                                       procedures as follows:

For the year ended December 31, 2025, revenue of (i)             Understood, evaluated and tested on sample basis
the Group from rendering of clear aligner treatment              the key internal controls over the recognition of
solutions amounted to USD198,251,000, representing               revenue from rendering of clear aligner treatment
approximately 54% of the Group’s total revenue.                  solutions and assessed the inherent risk of
                                                                 material misstatement by considering the degree
Revenue from rendering of clear aligner treatment                of estimation uncertainty and other inherent risk
solutions is recognized over time by reference to the            factors.
progress towards complete satisfaction of respective
performance obligations during the reporting period. (ii)        Assessed the reasonableness of management’s
The progress towards complete satisfaction of the                judgements and estimates used to determine the
performance obligation is measured using output method           value of deliverables transferred to customer and
by reference to the value of deliverables transferred (i.e.      the estimated total number of clear aligners applied
treatment planning service provided and clear aligners           in the output method with reference to the terms
delivered) to customers to date relative to the remaining        of contracts with customers, standalone contract
value of deliverables promised under each contract.              prices of treatment planning service and clear
                                                                 aligners in each contract, historical experience
                                                                 and actual number of clear aligners delivered for
                                                                 completed cases.

                                                            (iii) Tested the actual number of clear aligners delivered
                                                                  for the completed cases on sample basis by tracing
                                                                  to the sales contracts and delivery notes to test the
                                                                  reliability of historical data used.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025         87
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

Key Audit Matters (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                                            How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
Measurement of revenue from rendering of clear aligner
treatment solutions (Continued)

The value of deliverables is determined with reference (iv)      Compared the total number of clear aligners
to the standalone contract price of treatment planning           actually delivered for completed cases against
service and clear aligners and the estimated total number        management’s prior estimations to assess the
of clear aligners to be provided under each contract, which      reasonableness of management’s historical
is estimated based on the historical number of clear             estimation on the estimated total number of clear
aligners delivered for completed cases.                          aligners to be delivered.

Significant management’s judgements and estimation (v) Tested, on sample basis, the treatment planning
are required in determining the accuracy of the progress          service provided and number of clear aligners
towards complete satisfaction of the performance                  delivered to customers in the year by tracing to the
obligation of each contract at the reporting date, including      supporting documents, such as the sales contracts,
value of deliverables transferred to customer and                 customers’ acceptance records and delivery notes.
estimated total number of clear aligners promised in each
contract, which are subject to high degree of estimation (vi) Checked the mathematical accuracy of the
uncertainty. Therefore, measurement of revenue                    calculation of the progress towards complete
from rendering of clear aligner treatment solutions is            satisfaction of the performance obligation.
considered a key audit matter.
                                                             Based on the results of the work performed above, we
                                                             found management’s judgements and estimates involved
                                                             in measurement of revenue from rendering of clear
                                                             aligner treatment solutions were supported by available
                                                             evidences.




88   Angelalign Technology Inc.
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

Key Audit Matters (Continued)

Key Audit Matter                                             How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
Allocation of contract prices to different performance
obligations of revenue from sales of clear aligners

Refer to Note 2.2.9(b), 4(a) and Note 5 to the consolidated To address this key audit matter, we performed audit
financial statements.                                       procedures as follows:

For the year ended December 31, 2025, revenue of the (i)            Understood, evaluated and tested on sample basis
Group from sales of clear aligners with multiple distinct           the key internal controls over the recognition of
performance obligations amounted to USD154,384,000                  revenue from sales of clear aligners with multiple
representing approximately 42% of the Group’s total                 distinct performance obligations and assessed
revenue.                                                            the inherent risk of material misstatement by
                                                                    considering the degree of estimation uncertainty
The Group enters into sales contracts that consist of               and other inherent risk factors.
multiple distinct performance obligations: initial aligners
and the options of additional aligners. Certain performance (ii)    Assessed the reasonableness of management’s
obligations of the sales contract are not delivered in              judgements and estimates used to determine
one reporting period. The management determines the                 the allocation of contract prices to individual
allocation of contract prices to individual performance             performance obligations with reference to the terms
obligation with reference to the terms of contracts with            of contracts with customers, the historical exercise
customers, the historical exercise of options and number            of options and number of clear aligners delivered in
of clear aligners delivered in each performance obligation.         each performance obligation.

Significant management’s judgements and estimation (iii)            Tested the historical exercise of options and
are required in determining the accuracy of allocation of           actual number of clear aligners delivered in each
contract prices to each distinct performance obligation             performance obligation on sample basis by tracing
including significant assumptions related to exercise of            to the sales contracts and delivery notes to test the
options and estimated number of clear aligners in each              reliability of historical data used.
performance obligation, which are subject to high degree
of estimation uncertainty. Therefore, allocation of contract (iv)   Checked the mathematical accuracy of the
prices to different performance obligations of revenue              calculation of the allocation of contract prices to
from sales of clear aligners is considered a key audit              different performance obligations.
matter.
                                                             (v)    Compared the allocation of contract prices to
                                                                    individual performance obligations against
                                                                    management’s prior estimations to assess the
                                                                    reasonableness of management’s historical
                                                                    estimation on the allocation.

                                                             Based on the results of the work performed above, we
                                                             found management’s judgements and estimates involved
                                                             in allocation of contract prices to different performance
                                                             obligations of revenue from sales of clear aligners were
                                                             supported by available evidences.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025         89
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

Other Information

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of
the information included in Angelalign Technology Inc. 2025 annual report (the “annual report”) other than the
consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. We have obtained some of the other information
including the corporate information, the results highlights, management discussion and analysis, directors and
senior management, report of the directors, corporate governance report prior to the date of this auditor’s report. The
remaining other information, including chairman’s letter and chief executive officer’s letter and the other sections to
be included in the annual report, is expected to be made available to us after that date.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s
report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that
fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

When we read the remaining other information to be included in the annual report, if we conclude that there is a
material misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to Audit Committee and take appropriate
action considering our legal rights and obligations.




90   Angelalign Technology Inc.
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

Responsibilities of Directors and the Audit Committee for the Consolidated Financial Statements

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation
of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level
of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
    fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
    sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
    resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
    omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
    appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
    Group’s internal control.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025          91
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
     related disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
     the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
     significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
     exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
     financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based
     on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may
     cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
     the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
     events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
     information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
     consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work
     performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

 We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
 audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
 our audit.

 We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
 regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
 thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

 From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
 significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
 matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
 the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
 report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
 benefits of such communication.

 The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is CHAN, Hong Wing (Practising
 Certificate Number: P07746).

PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong, March 27, 2026




92   Angelalign Technology Inc.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                             Year ended        Year ended
                                                                           December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                   2025              2024
                                                                 Note          USD’000           USD’000
 Revenue                                                           5            370,281            268,787
 Cost of revenue                                                   7           (137,392)          (100,559)
 Gross profit                                                                   232,889            168,228
 Selling and marketing expenses                                    7           (121,462)          (105,004)
 Administrative expenses                                           7            (52,152)            (46,210)
 Research and development expenses                                 7            (27,638)            (21,323)
 Net impairment losses on financial assets                       3.1 (b)         (8,182)                (150)
 Other income                                                      6             12,595              12,451
 Other expenses                                                    6               (135)                (143)
 Other losses – net                                                6             (5,352)              (1,568)
 Operating profit                                                                30,563              6,281
 Finance income                                                    9              3,689              7,000
 Finance costs                                                     9             (1,743)            (1,542)
 Finance income – net                                              9              1,946              5,458
 Share of results of investments accounted for using
   the equity method                                               20              (817)                (72)
 Profit before income tax                                                        31,692             11,667
 Income tax expense                                                10            (5,365)             (1,651)
 Profit for the year                                                             26,327             10,016
 Profit attributable to
 – Owners of the Company                                                         28,437             12,114
 – Non-controlling interests                                                     (2,110)             (2,098)
 Other comprehensive income
 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss                           26,327             10,016
 Exchange differences on translation of the Company and of
    subsidiaries attributable non-controlling interests                            (673)             1,101

 Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss
 Exchange differences on translation of subsidiaries                              6,198             (7,170)
                                                                                  5,525             (6,069)

 Total comprehensive income for the year                                         31,852              3,947
 Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
 – Owners of the Company                                                         33,173              7,866
 – Non-controlling interests                                                     (1,321)            (3,919)
                                                                                 31,852              3,947
 Earnings per share for profit attributable to owners of
   the Company (expressed in USD per share)
 – Basic                                                           11              0.17                0.07
 – Diluted                                                         11              0.17                0.07


The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.


                                                                                 Annual Report 2025           93
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                                         As at          As at
                                                                   December 31,   December 31,
                                                                          2025          2024
                                                            Note       USD’000        USD’000
ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                               12           94,760         75,295
Right-of-use assets                                         13           16,927         17,924
Intangible assets                                           14           18,746         18,365
Investments accounted for using the equity method           20           13,101          5,237
Deferred tax assets                                         31            7,640          7,491
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       19           42,505         38,615
Term deposits with initial terms over three months          17           59,245         14,345
Trade and other receivables and prepayments                 16           10,694          9,167
                                                                        263,618       186,439
Current assets
Inventories                                                 18           16,976        18,360
Trade and other receivables and prepayments                 16           54,709        36,384
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       19           42,934        97,778
Restricted cash                                             17              510            99
Term deposits with initial terms over three months          17          258,992       111,948
Cash and cash equivalents                                   17          126,706       227,103
                                                                        500,827       491,672
 Total assets                                                           764,445       678,111

 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
 Equity attributable to owners of the Company
 Share capital                                              21               17             17
 Share premium                                              21          397,185       415,426
 Shares held for employee share scheme                      21                *              *
 Other reserves                                             22              807        (17,835)
 Retained earnings                                          24          101,333         76,495
                                                                        499,342       474,103
 Non-controlling interests                                                4,818          6,139
 Total equity                                                           504,160       480,242


 *   The balance represents an amount less than USD1,000.




94   Angelalign Technology Inc.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)

                                                                                     As at                As at
                                                                               December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                    Note           USD’000              USD’000

 LIABILITIES
 Non-current liabilities
 Contract liabilities                                               28                43,568              21,168
 Lease liabilities                                                  29                 8,686               6,959
 Deferred income                                                    30                 3,862               4,240
 Deferred tax liabilities                                           31                 2,342               2,553
 Bank borrowings                                                    26                   738                 488
 Other non-current liabilities                                      27                32,965              34,368
                                                                                      92,161              69,776
 Current liabilities
 Bank borrowings                                                    26                 1,779               2,860
 Trade and other payables                                           25                82,665              63,432
 Contract liabilities                                               28                76,298              56,672
 Current income tax liabilities                                                        2,282                 953
 Lease liabilities                                                  29                 5,100               4,176
                                                                                     168,124             128,093
 Total liabilities                                                                   260,285             197,869
 Total equity and liabilities                                                        764,445             678,111


The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

The financial statements on pages 93 to 188 were approved by the Board of Directors on March 27, 2026 and were
signed on its behalf.




Mr. Hu Jiezhang                                          Ms. Dong Li

Director                                                 Director




                                                                                       Annual Report 2025           95
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

                                                                               Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                        Shares
                                                                                       held for
                                                                                     employee                                                       Non-
                                                               Share       Share         share            Other        Retained               controlling      Total
                                                              capital   premium       scheme           reserves        earnings      Total      interests     equity
                                                 Note        USD’000    USD’000       USD’000          USD’000         USD’000     USD’000       USD’000    USD’000

     Balance at January 1, 2025                                   17    415,426               *         (17,835)         76,495    474,103         6,139    480,242
     Comprehensive income
       Profit for the year                                         –          –              –               –           28,437     28,437        (2,110)    26,327
       Other comprehensive income
         – Currency translation differences                        –          –              –            4,736              –       4,736           789      5,525
     Total comprehensive income for the
       year                                                        –          –              –            4,736          28,437     33,173        (1,321)    31,852
     Transactions with owners in their
       capacity as owners
       Changes in put option liabilities in
         respect of non-controlling interests      27              –          –              –            1,203              –       1,203             –      1,203
       New shares issued for options
         exercised                              21(a)(i)           *         99              –              (29)             –         70              –         70
       Shares issued for restricted share
         award scheme                           21(a)(ii)          –          –               *              –               –           *             –           *
       Equity-settled share-based payment
         transactions                             23               –           –             –            9,133               –      9,133             –       9,133
       Appropriation to statutory reserves        22               –           –             –            3,599          (3,599)         –             –           –
       Dividends declared                       21(a)(iii)         –     (18,340)            –                –               –    (18,340)            –     (18,340)
     Total transactions with owners in their
       capacity as owners                                          *     (18,241)             *         13,906           (3,599)    (7,934)            –      (7,934)
     Balance at December 31, 2025                                 17    397,185               *            807         101,333     499,342         4,818    504,160


 *        The balance represents an amount less than USD1,000.




96        Angelalign Technology Inc.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (CONTINUED)

                                                                                  Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                          Shares
                                                                                          held for
                                                                                        employee                                                        Non-
                                                              Share       Share             share            Other        Retained                controlling      Total
                                                             capital   premium           scheme           reserves        earnings      Total       interests     equity
                                                Note        USD’000    USD’000           USD’000          USD’000         USD’000     USD’000        USD’000    USD’000
    Balance at January 1, 2024 (Restated)                        17    439,086                   *         (35,577)        67,546      471,072       10,058     481,130
    Comprehensive income
      Profit for the year                                         –          –                  –                –         12,114       12,114        (2,098)    10,016
      Other comprehensive income
        – Currency translation differences                        –          –                  –           (4,248)             –       (4,248)       (1,821)     (6,069)
    Total comprehensive income for the
      year                                                        –          –                  –           (4,248)        12,114        7,866        (3,919)     3,947
    Transactions with owners in their
      capacity as owners
      Changes in put option liabilities in
        respect of non-controlling interests      27              –          –                  –            7,698              –        7,698             –      7,698
      New shares issued for options
        exercised                              21(a)(i)           *         307                 –             (163)             –          144             –         144
      Repurchase and cancellation of shares    21(a)(iv)          *        (130)                –                –              –         (130)            –        (130)
      Shares issued for restricted share
        award scheme                           21(a)(ii)          –          –                   *               –              –            *             –           *
      Equity-settled share-based payment
        transactions                             23               –           –                 –           11,290               –      11,290             –      11,290
      Appropriation to statutory reserves        22               –           –                 –            3,165          (3,165)          –             –           –
      Dividends declared                       21(a)(iii)         –     (23,837)                –                –               –     (23,837)            –     (23,837)
    Total transactions with owners in their
      capacity as owners                                          *     (23,660)                 *          21,990          (3,165)     (4,835)            –      (4,835)
    Balance at December 31, 2024                                 17    415,426                   *         (17,835)        76,495      474,103         6,139    480,242


*        The balance represents an amount less than USD1,000.


The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025                   97
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                                    Year ended       Year ended
                                                                                  December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                          Note        USD’000          USD’000

     Cash flows from operating activities
     Cash generated from operations                                       33(a)         82,875               24,175
     Income tax paid                                                                    (4,308)               (7,258)
     Net cash generated from operating activities                                       78,567               16,917
     Cash flows from investing activities
     Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                        (26,945)           (27,436)
     Purchases of intangible assets                                                     (1,235)              (855)
     Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment              33(a)          1,780                589
     Proceeds from disposal of right-of-use assets                                       1,702                  –
     Purchases of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    19         (551,531)         (602,921)
     Proceeds from disposals of financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss                                              19          595,887           607,895
     Purchase of term deposit with initial terms over three months                    (651,755)         (383,802)
     Proceeds from term deposit with initial terms over three months                   459,492           258,757
     Consideration paid for the acquisition of subsidiaries,
       net of cash acquired                                                                  –                  (514)
     Investment in an associate                                            20                –                  (706)
     Investment in a joint venture                                         20           (8,406)               (2,111)
     Proceeds from disposal of a joint venture                                               –                    21
     Loans provided to third parties                                                         –                (3,891)
     Proceeds of loans repaid by employees                                                 417                   964
     Interest received                                                                  24,482               15,185
     Net cash used in investing activities                                            (156,112)         (138,825)
     Cash flows from financing activities
     Proceeds from new shares issued for options exercised                                  70                144
     Payments for shares bought back                                      21(a)              –               (130)
     Dividend paid                                                                     (18,340)          (23,837)
     Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                      77,604            49,888
     Repayments of bank borrowings                                                     (78,945)          (48,422)
     Borrowing interest paid                                                            (1,360)              (746)
     Principal elements of lease payments                                               (4,835)            (4,698)
     Interest paid of lease liabilities                                                   (609)              (659)
     Net cash used in financing activities                                             (26,415)          (28,460)
     Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                        (103,960)         (150,368)
     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                227,103           379,734
     Exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents                                3,563               (2,263)
     Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                  126,706           227,103


 The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




98      Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1   General information

    Angelalign Technology Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on November 29, 2018 as an
    exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and
    revised) of the Cayman Islands. The address of its registered office is Maples Corporate Services Limited, P.O.
    Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.

    The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”)
    are principally engaged in the clear aligner treatment solutions and sales of aligners. CareCapital Group is the
    ultimate holder of the Company which controls the business of the Group through CareCapital Orthotech Limited
    (“CareCapital Orthotech”), a company incorporated in Hong Kong.

    The Company completed its Initial Public Offering (“IPO”) and listed its shares on the Main Board of The Stock
    Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“HKSE”) on June 16, 2021.

    The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 were presented in United States
    Dollar (“USD”) and rounded to the nearest thousand dollar, unless otherwise stated, and were approved for issue
    by the Board of Directors on March 27, 2026.

2   Basis of preparation and accounting policy information

    This note provides the basis of preparation and accounting policy information adopted in the preparation of these
    consolidated financial statements. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented,
    unless otherwise stated. The financial statements are for the Group.

2.1 Basis of preparation
(a) Compliance with IFRS Accounting Standards and Hong Kong Companies Ordinance Cap. 622 (“HKCO”)
    The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with all applicable IFRS
    Accounting Standards and the disclosure requirements of the HKCO.

(b) Historical cost convention
    The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for financial assets
    at fair value through profit or loss (financial assets at “FVPL”), which is measured at fair value.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025         99
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2    Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

 2.1 Basis of preparation (Continued)
 (c) New and amended standards adopted by the Group
      The Group has applied the following standards and amendments for the first time for their annual reporting
      period commencing January 1,2025:

                                                                                                  Effective for
                                                                                               annual periods
                                                                                          beginning on or after

       Amendments to IAS 21                   Lack of Exchangeability                          January 1, 2025

      The amendment listed above did not has any impact on the amounts recognized in prior periods and are not
      expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.

 (d) New standards and interpretations not yet adopted
      Certain new accounting standards and amendments to accounting standards have been published that are not
      mandatory for December 31, 2025 reporting period and have not been early adopted by the Group:

                                                                                                  Effective for
                                                                                           accounting periods
                                                                                          beginning on or after

       IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 (Amendments)         Classification and Measurement of                 1 January 2026
                                                Financial Instruments
       IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 (Amendments)         Contracts Referencing Nature –                    1 January 2026
                                                dependent Electricity
       Annual Improvements to IFRS            Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7, IFRS 9,             1 January 2026
         Accounting Standards – Volume 11       IFRS 10 and IAS 7
       IAS 21 (Amendments)                    Translation to a Hyperinflationary                1 January 2027
                                                Presentation Currency
       IFRS 18                                Presentation and Disclosure in Financial          1 January 2027
                                                Statements
       IFRS 19 (Amendments)                   Subsidiaries without Public                       1 January 2027
                                                Accountability: Disclosures
       IFRS 10 and IAS 28 (Amendments)        Sale or Contribution of Assets between          To be determined
                                                an Investor and its Associate or Joint
                                                Venture




100   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

2.1 Basis of preparation (Continued)
(d) New standards and interpretations not yet adopted (Continued)
    According to the assessment made by the directors of the Company, these new and amended standards are
    either not relevant to the Group or not significant to the financial performance and positions of the Group
    when they become effective, except for IFRS 18 which will mainly impact the presentation of the consolidated
    statements of comprehensive income.

    IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1 Presentation of financial statements, introducing new requirements that will help to
    achieve comparability of the financial performance of similar entities and provide more relevant information
    and transparency to users. Even though IFRS 18 will not impact the recognition or measurement of items in the
    financial statements, its impacts on presentation and disclosure are expected to be pervasive, in particular those
    related to the statement of financial performance and providing management-defined performance measures
    within the financial statements.

    Management is currently assessing the detailed implications of applying the new standard on the Group’s
    consolidated financial statements. From the high-level preliminary assessment performed, the following
    potential impacts have been identified:

    Impact on consolidated statements of comprehensive income:
    Although the adoption of IFRS 18 will have no impact on the Group’s net profit, the Group expects that grouping
    items of income and expenses in the income statement into the new categories will impact how operating profit
    is calculated and reported. From the high-level impact assessment that the Group has performed, the following
    items might potentially impact operating profit:

    Foreign exchange differences
    Foreign exchange differences currently aggregated in the line item “other losses – net” in operating profit might
    need to be disaggregated, with some foreign exchange gains or losses presented below operating profit, unless
    doing so would involve undue cost or effort.

    Gain or loss of investments measured at fair value through profit or loss
    The gain or loss of investments measured at fair value through profit or loss currently aggregated in the line item
    “other losses – net” in operating profit and will be presented below operating profit.

    Impact on consolidated balance sheets:
    The line items presented on the primary financial statements might change as a result of the application of the
    concept of ‘useful structured summary’ and the enhanced principles on aggregation and disaggregation




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025          101
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2    Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

 2.1 Basis of preparation (Continued)
 (d) New standards and interpretations not yet adopted (Continued)
     Impact on disclosures:
      The Group does not expect there to be a significant change in the information that is currently disclosed in the
      notes because the requirement to disclose material information remains unchanged; however, the way in which
      the information is grouped might change as a result of the aggregation/disaggregation principles. In addition,
      there will be significant new disclosures required for:

      –    for the first annual period of application of IFRS 18, a reconciliation for each line item in the income
           statement between the restated amounts presented by applying IFRS 18 and the amounts previously
           presented applying IAS 1.

      The Group will apply the new standard from its mandatory effective date of 1 January 2027. Retrospective
      application is required, and so the comparative information for the financial year ending 31 December 2026 will
      be restated in accordance with IFRS 18.




102   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

2.2 Material accounting policy information
2.2.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting
      Subsidiaries
    Subsidiaries are all entities (including a structured entity) over which the Group has control. The Group controls
    an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and
    has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully
    consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date
    when control ceases.

    The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combination by the Group.

    Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions between group companies are
    eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment
    of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure
    consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

    Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated
    statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statements of financial position
    respectively.

    Associates
    Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint control. This is
    generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. The Group’s investments
    in associates in the form of ordinary shares with significant influence are accounted for using the equity method
    of accounting, after initially being recognized at cost. All investments in associates in the form of convertible
    redeemable preferred instruments or ordinary shares with preferential rights are financial assets measured at
    fair value through profit or loss (Note 2.2.5).

    Joint arrangements
    Investments in joint arrangements are classified as either joint operations or joint ventures. The classification
    depends on the contractual rights and obligations of each investor, rather than the legal structure of the joint
    arrangement. The Group has joint ventures only.

    Interests in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method, after initially being recognized at cost in
    the consolidated statement of financial position.

    Equity method
    Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognized at cost and adjusted thereafter
    to recognize the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in profit or loss, and the
    Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) of the investee in OCI. Dividends received
    or receivable from associates and joint ventures are recognized as a reduction in the carrying amount of the
    investment.

    Where the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in the entity,
    including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognize further losses, unless it has
    incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.


                                                                                             Annual Report 2025           103
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2    Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

 2.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
 2.2.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)
       Equity method (Continued)
      Unrealized gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are eliminated to
      the extent of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction
      provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity-accounted investees
      have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

      The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with the policy
      described in Note 2.2.4.

      Changes in ownership interests
      The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as transactions
      with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment between the carrying
      amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any
      difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or
      received is recognized in a separate reserve within equity attributable to owners of the Group.

      When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of control, joint
      control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value, with the
      change in carrying amount recognized in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the initial carrying amount for
      the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial
      asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity
      are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This might mean that
      amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.

      If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control or significant influence is
      retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive income are
      reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.

      Separate financial statements
      Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs of
      investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and
      receivable.

      Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
      investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the dividend
      is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds the carrying
      amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.




104   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

2.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
2.2.2 Property, plant and equipment
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost
    to their residual values, over their estimated useful lives as follows:

                                                                                                            Estimated
                                                                                                           useful lives

      Buildings                                                                                               20 years
      Plant and machinery                                                                                   5-10 years
      Transportation equipment                                                                              5-10 years
      Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                                     3-10 years


    See Note 2.3.3 for the other potentially material accounting policies relevant to property, plant and equipment.

2.2.3 Intangible assets
(a) Goodwill
    Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortized but it is
    tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might
    be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an
    entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

    Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (“CGUs”) for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is
    made to those CGUs or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the business combination in which the
    goodwill arose. The units or groups of units are identified at the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for
    internal management purposes.

(b) Other intangible assets
    Other intangible assets mainly include customer relationship, brand, and technology. They are initially recognized
    and measured at cost or estimated fair value of intangible assets acquired through business combinations. Other
    intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives (generally 5 to 10 years) using the straight-line
    method which reflects the pattern in which the intangible assets’ future economic benefits are expected to be
    consumed.

                                                                                                            Estimated
                                                                                                           useful lives

      Customer relationship                                                                                    6 years
      Brand                                                                                                   10 years
      Technology                                                                                              10 years


    See Note 2.3.4 for the other potentially material accounting policies relevant to intangible assets.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025           105
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2    Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

 2.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
 2.2.4 Impairment of non-financial assets
      Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortization and are tested
      annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be
      impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
      the carrying amount might not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the
      asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair
      value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of goodwill impairment assessment, management
      considered each of the acquired companies as a separate group of CGU and goodwill has been allocated to each
      of the acquired companies accordingly. Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered impairment are
      reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of the year.

 2.2.5 Investments and other financial assets
       Classification
      The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

      •    those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through OCI), or through profit or loss), and

      •    those to be measured at amortized cost.

      The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual
      terms of the cash flows.

      For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will be recorded either in profit or loss or in OCI. For
      investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made
      an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to present subsequent changes in fair value in other
      comprehensive income (“FVOCI”).

      The Group reclassifies debt investments only when its business model for managing those assets changes.

      Recognition and derecognition
      Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on trade-date, being the date on which
      the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognized when the rights to receive
      cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred
      substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership.




106   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

2.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
2.2.5 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
      Measurement
    At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset
    not at FVPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction
    costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.

    Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their
    cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest.

    Debt instruments
    Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset
    and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Group
    classifies its debt instruments:

    •    Amortized cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
         represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortized cost. Interest income from
         these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or
         loss arising on derecognition is recognized directly in profit or loss and presented in “Other losses – net”
         together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in
         the statement of comprehensive income.

    •    FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets,
         where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at FVOCI.
         Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains or
         losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognized in profit or loss. When
         the financial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in OCI is reclassified
         from equity to profit or loss and recognized in “Other losses – net”. Interest income from these financial
         assets is included in “Finance income” using the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and
         losses are presented in “Other losses – net”, and impairment expenses are presented as separate line item
         in the statement of comprehensive income.

    •    FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortized cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL. A gain or loss
         on a debt instrument that is subsequently measured at FVPL is recognized in profit or loss and presented
         net within “Other losses – net” in the period in which it arises.

    Impairment of financial assets
    The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt instruments
    carried at amortized cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been
    a significant increase in credit risk. Note 3.1(b) details how the Group determines whether there has been a
    significant increase in credit risk.

    Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses (i.e., the present value of all cash
    shortfalls) over the expected life of the financial assets.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2025          107
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2    Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

 2.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
 2.2.5 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
       Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
      For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires expected
      lifetime losses to be recognized from initial recognition of the receivables. The provision matrix is determined
      based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the contract assets and trade receivables
      with similar credit risk characteristics and is adjusted for forward-looking estimates. At every reporting date the
      historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.

      Impairment on other receivables from third parties, related parties and non-controlling interests are measured
      as either 12-month expected credit losses or lifetime expected credit losses, depending on whether there
      has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If a significant increase in credit risk of a
      receivable has occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is measured as lifetime expected credit losses.

 2.2.6 Trade and other receivables
      Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for services provided in the ordinary course of business. If
      collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle if longer),
      they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

      Trade and other receivables are recognized initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless
      they contain significant financing components, in which case they are recognized at fair value. The Group holds
      the trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them
      subsequently at amortized cost using the effective interest method. See Note 16 for further information about
      the Group’s accounting for trade receivables and Note 3.1(b) for a description of the Group’s impairment policies.

 2.2.7 Current and deferred income tax
      The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based
      on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
      attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

 (a) Current income tax
      The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the
      end of the year in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries operate and generate taxable income.
      Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable
      tax regulation is subject to interpretation and considers whether it is probable that a taxation authority will
      accept an uncertain tax treatment. The Group measures its tax balances based on either the most likely
      amount or the expected value, depending on which method provides a better prediction of the resolution of the
      uncertainty.




108   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

2.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
2.2.7 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)
(b) Deferred income tax
    Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the
    tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However,
    deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred income
    tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than
    a business combination that, at the time of the transaction, affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss
    and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. Deferred income tax is determined
    using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period and
    are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realized or the deferred income tax liability is
    settled.

    Deferred tax assets are recognized only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilize
    those temporary differences and losses.

    Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognized for temporary differences between the carrying amount and
    tax bases of investments in Group’s entities where the Company is able to control the timing of the reversal of the
    temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
    and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets and
    tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on a
    net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

    Current and deferred tax is recognized in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognized in
    OCI or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognized in OCI or directly in equity, respectively.

    Companies within the Group may be entitled to claim special tax deductions for investments in qualifying assets
    or in relation to qualifying expenditure (e.g., the Research and Development Tax Incentive regime in the People’s
    Republic of China (the “PRC”) or other investment allowances). The Group accounts for such allowances as tax
    credits, which means that the allowance reduces income tax payable and current tax expense.

2.2.8 Share-based payments
    The Group operates share incentive plan, under which it receives services from employees as consideration for
    equity instruments of the Group. The fair value of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the
    equity instruments (including share options) is recognized as an expense with a corresponding increase in equity.

    In terms of the shares, equity instruments awarded to employees, the total amount to be expensed is determined
    by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments granted:

    •    including any market performance conditions (for example, the entity’s share price)

    •    excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example,
         profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time period), and




                                                                                             Annual Report 2025          109
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2    Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

 2.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
 2.2.8 Share-based payments (Continued)
      •    including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the requirement for employees to save or
           holdings shares for a specific period of time).

      Non-market performance and service conditions are included in assumptions about the number of equity
      instruments that are expected to vest.

      The total expense is recognized over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified vesting
      conditions are to be satisfied. At the end of each period, the entity revises its estimates of the number of options
      that are expected to vest based on the non-market vesting and service conditions. The Group recognizes the
      impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

      In addition, in some circumstances employees may provide services in advance of the grant date and therefore
      the grant date fair value is estimated for the purposes of recognizing the expense during the period between
      service commencement period and grant date.

      The grant by the Company of equity instruments over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiaries
      in the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services received, measured by
      reference to the grant date fair value, is recognized over the vesting period as an increase to investments in
      subsidiaries, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity accounts.

      When the share options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any directly
      attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital and share premium.

      Where there is any modification of terms and conditions which increases the fair value of the equity instruments
      granted, the Group includes the incremental fair value granted in the measurement of the amount recognized
      for the services received over the remainder of the vesting period. The incremental fair value is the difference
      between the fair value of the modified equity instrument and that of the original equity instrument, both
      estimated as at the date of the modification. An expense based on the incremental fair value is recognized over
      the period from the modification date to the date when the modified equity instruments vest in addition to any
      amount in respect of the original instrument, which should continue to be recognized over the remainder of the
      original vesting period. Furthermore, if the entity modifies the terms or conditions of the equity instruments
      granted in a manner that reduces the total fair value of the share-based payment arrangement, or is not
      otherwise beneficial to the employee, the entity shall nevertheless continue to account for the services received
      as consideration for the equity instruments granted as if that modification had not occurred (other than a
      cancellation of some or all the equity instruments granted).

 2.2.9 Revenue recognition
      The Group recognizes revenue when it transfers control of the goods or services to a customer. Depending on
      the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the goods and services may be
      transferred over time or at point in time.




110   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

2.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
2.2.9 Revenue recognition (Continued)
(a) Revenue from rendering clear aligner treatment solutions
    The Group’s clear aligner treatment solutions provided in Chinese Mainland typically comprise deliverables
    including treatment planning service and clear aligners which were transferred to the Group’s customers
    by batches. The above deliverables as a whole in each solution service contract represent one performance
    obligation to the Group’s customers. Since the Group’s clear aligner treatment solutions do not create an
    asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance
    completed to date, revenue in respect of clear aligner treatment solutions is recognized over time during the
    period of the contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of respective performance
    obligations. The progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation is measured by reference
    to the value of deliverables transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining deliverables promised
    under each contract, which best depicts the Group’s performance in satisfying the performance obligation.

    If a customer pays consideration or the Group has a right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional,
    before the Group transfers goods or services to the customer, the Group presents the contract as a contract
    liability when the payment is received or a receivable is recorded (whichever is earlier). A contract liability is the
    Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or
    an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

    A receivable is recorded when the Group has an unconditional right to consideration. A right to consideration is
    unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

    In addition to direct sales, the Group’s clear aligner treatment solutions are also distributed to public hospitals
    and private dental clinics through third-party distributors. These distributors possess the requisite business
    licenses and permits to sell medical devices in Chinese Mainland and have established relationships with public
    hospitals and private dental clinics within their regions, therefore they are treated as the vendors of public
    hospitals and private dental clinics. The Group recognized its revenue from rendering clear aligner treatment
    solutions based on the wholesale prices as agreed with distributors.

    As the delivery of the performance obligations are at the customer’s discretion, management of the Group
    concludes that no significant financing component exists although the Group collects most consideration
    upfront.

(b) Revenue from sales of clear aligners with multiple distinct performance obligations
    The Group’s sales contracts of aligners with multiple distinct performance obligations comprise the following
    performance obligations that also represent distinct deliverables: initial aligners and the options of additional
    aligners.

    The Group identify a performance obligation as distinct if both of the following criteria are met: the customer can
    benefit from the good either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer
    and the Group’s promise to transfer the good to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in
    the contract. Determining the allocation of contract prices to different performance obligations of revenue from
    sales of clear aligners at the inception of the contract is the result of various factors with reference to the terms
    of contracts with customers, the historical exercise of options and number of clear aligners delivered in each
    performance obligation.


                                                                                            Annual Report 2025          111
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2    Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

 2.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
 2.2.9 Revenue recognition (Continued)
 (b) Revenue from sales of clear aligners with multiple distinct performance obligations (Continued)
      The Group recognizes the revenue at point in time when control of the products has been transferred, being when
      the products are accepted by the customers.

      As the delivery of the performance obligations are at the customer’s discretion, management of the Group
      concludes that no significant financing component exists although the Group collects most consideration
      upfront.

 (c) Revenue from sales of other products
      The Group’s revenue from sales of products mainly represents revenue from sales of intraoral scanners,
      brackets, and other products to hospitals, dental clinics and distributors.

      Revenue from sales of intraoral scanners, brackets and other products is recognized at point in time when
      control of the products has been transferred, being when the products are accepted by the customers.

      The rights to receive consideration for products which have been transferred to and accepted by the customer
      (and such rights depend on factors other than the passage of time) are recognized as contract assets.

      There is no significant financing component as most consideration is collected upfront and related contracts are
      expected to be completed within one year.

 (d) Revenue from rendering other services
      The Group’s revenue from rendering other services mainly represents revenue from clinic services provided
      by the dental clinics. The patient normally receives out-patient treatment which contains various treatment
      components. Dental clinic services include (i) rendering of orthodontic and cosmetic dentistry services and (ii)
      rendering of other dental services. The Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation on
      relative stand-alone selling price basis.

      Revenue from rendering of orthodontic and cosmetic dentistry services is recognized over time as the customer
      simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s services. The progress towards
      complete satisfaction of the performance obligation is measured by reference to the value of deliverables
      transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining deliverables promised under each contract, which
      best depicts the Group’s performance in satisfying the performance obligation.

      Revenue from rendering other dental services is recognized when the services have been rendered. Such dental
      services are generally completed within a very short period and the Group recognized revenue when the Group
      has satisfied its performance obligation and has present right to receive related consideration.

      There is no significant financing component as most consideration is collected upfront and related contracts are
      expected to be completed within one year.

 (e) Volume discounts
      The Group offers volume discounts to distributors and estimates the volume discounts on a quarterly basis
      based on its best estimate to the extent that it is highly probable that there will not be a significant reversal in the
      amount of cumulative revenue recognised.

112   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

2.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
2.2.10 Business combinations
    The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations which are not under common
    control, regardless of whether equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for
    the acquisition of a subsidiary comprises the:

    •    fair values of the assets transferred

    •    liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business

    •    equity interests issued by the Group

    •    fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, and

    •    fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.

    Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are, with
    limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognizes any non-
    controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at fair value or at the non-
    controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s net identifiable assets. The Group elected to
    recognize the non-controlling interests at its proportionate share of the acquired net identifiable assets.

    Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

    The excess of the:

    •    consideration transferred

    •    amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and

    •    acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity

    over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are less
    than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is recognized directly
    in profit or loss as a bargain purchase, the difference is recognized directly in the consolidated statement of
    comprehensive income.

    Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are discounted
    to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s incremental borrowing
    rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an independent financier under
    comparable terms and conditions.

    Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial
    liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss.

    If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s previously
    held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any gains or losses arising
    from such remeasurement are recognized in profit or loss.

                                                                                              Annual Report 2025        113
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2    Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

 2.2 Material accounting policy information (Continued)
 2.2.11 Put option arrangement on non-controlling interest
      Put option on non-controlling interest of the Group are financial instruments granted by the Group which permit
      the holders to put back to the Group their shares in certain non wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group for cash
      or other financial instruments when certain conditions are met. If the Group does not have the unconditional
      right to avoid delivering cash or other financial instruments under the put option, a financial liability is initially
      recognized under “Other financial liabilities” in the consolidated financial statements at the present value of the
      estimated future cash outflows on exercise under the put option. Subsequently, if the Group revises its estimates
      of payments, the Group will adjust the carrying amount of the financial liability to reflect actual and revised
      estimated cash outflows. The Group will recalculate the carrying amount based on the present value of revised
      estimated future cash outflows at the financial instrument’s original effective interest rate and the adjustment
      will be recognized in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. In the event that the put option expires
      unexercised, the liability is derecognized with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

      The put option liabilities are current liabilities unless the put option first becomes exercisable 12 months after
      the end of the reporting period.

 2.3 Other potentially material accounting policy information
 2.3.1 Segment reporting
      Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
      operating decision-maker (“CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources, assessing
      performance of the operating segments, and has been identified as the executive directors of the Company that
      make strategic decisions.

 2.3.2 Foreign currency translation
 (a) Functional and presentation currency
      Items included in the consolidated financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
      the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The
      functional currency of the Company is Hong Kong Dollar (“HKD”) and the functional currency of the Group’s
      primary subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC is RMB. The consolidated financial statements are presented in
      USD.

 (b) Transactions and balances
      Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates at the dates
      of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions, and
      from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at year end exchange
      rates, are generally recognized in profit or loss. They are deferred in equity if they relate to qualifying cash
      flow hedges and qualifying net investment hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign
      operation.

      Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the statement of comprehensive
      income, within finance costs. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the statement of
      comprehensive income on a net basis within “Other losses – net”.




114   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

2.3 Other potentially material accounting policy information (Continued)
2.3.2 Foreign currency translation (Continued)
(b) Transactions and balances (Continued)
    Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange
    rates at the date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences on assets and liabilities carried at
    fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss. For example, translation differences on non-monetary
    assets and liabilities such as equities held at fair value through profit or loss are recognized in profit or loss as
    part of the fair value gain or loss, and translation differences on non-monetary assets such as equities classified
    as at fair value through other comprehensive income are recognized in other comprehensive income.

(c) Group companies
    The results and financial position of Group’s entities (none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary
    economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the
    presentation currency as follows:

    (i)    assets and liabilities for the statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate at
           the date of that statement of financial position

    (ii)   income and expenses for each statement of comprehensive income are translated at average exchange
           rates (unless this is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
           transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the dates of the transaction), and

    (iii) all resulting exchange differences are recognized in OCI.

    On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign entities are
    recognized in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold or any borrowings forming part of
    the net investment are repaid, the associated exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of
    the gain or loss on sale.

    Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and
    liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.

2.3.3 Property, plant and equipment
    Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation, net of any impairment
    losses, if any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items. Cost
    might also include transfers from equity of any gains or losses on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign currency
    purchases of property, plant and equipment.

    Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as appropriate,
    only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the
    cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate
    asset is derecognized when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the
    financial period in which they are incurred.




                                                                                             Annual Report 2025           115
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2    Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

 2.3 Other potentially material accounting policy information (Continued)
 2.3.3 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
      The leasehold improvements are depreciated over the lease term.

      The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
      reporting period.

      An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount
      is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

      Construction-in-progress (“CIP”) represents plant and machinery and leasehold improvements under
      construction and is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses, if any. Cost includes the costs of
      construction and acquisition and capitalized borrowing costs. No provision for depreciation is made on CIP
      until such time as the relevant assets are completed and ready for intended use. When the assets concerned
      are available for use, the cost are transferred to relevant categories of property, plant and equipment and
      depreciated in accordance with the policy as stated above.

      Gains and losses on disposal are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amounts. These are
      included in profit or loss.

 2.3.4 Intangible assets
 (a) Software
      Acquired computer software licenses are capitalized on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring to
      use the specific software. These costs are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful
      lives from 5 to 25 years, which are the shorter of their expected economic benefit life and their contractual
      periods. Costs associated with maintenance of software programme is recognized as expenses as incurred.

 (b) Patents
      Expenditure on acquired patents is capitalized at historical cost upon acquisition. These costs are amortized
      using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of 5 to 20 years, which are the shorter of their
      expected economic benefit life and their contractual periods.




116   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

2.3 Other potentially material accounting policy information (Continued)
2.3.4 Intangible assets (Continued)
(c) Research and development
    Research expenditure is recognized as expenses as incurred. Development costs that are directly attributable
    to the design and testing of identifiable and unique intangible asset controlled by the Group are recognized as
    intangible assets when the following criteria are met:

    •    it is technically feasible to complete the intangible asset so that it will be available for use

    •    management intends to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it

    •    there is an ability to use or sell the intangible asset

    •    it can be demonstrated how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits

    •    adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell the
         intangible asset are available, and

    •    the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development can be reliably measured.

    Other development expenditures that do not meet those criteria are recognized as expenses as incurred.
    Development costs previously recognized as expenses are not recognized as an asset in a subsequent period.

    Capitalized development costs are recorded as intangible assets and amortized from the point at which the
    asset is ready for use. During the year, there were no development costs meeting these criteria and capitalized
    as intangible assets.

2.3.5 Offsetting financial instruments
    Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statements of financial position
    where the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts, and there is an
    intention to settle on a net basis or realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously. The legally
    enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of
    business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the entity or the counterparty.




                                                                                              Annual Report 2025    117
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2    Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

 2.3 Other potentially material accounting policy information (Continued)
 2.3.6 Derivatives
      Derivatives are initially recognized at fair value on the date when a derivative contract is entered into, and
      they are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The accounting for
      subsequent changes in fair value depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument and,
      if so, the nature of the item being hedged. The Group have no derivative is designated as a hedging instrument.
      Changes in the fair value of derivative instrument are recognized immediately in profit or loss and are included in
      “Other losses – net”.

 2.3.7 Inventories
      Inventories comprise of raw materials, work in progress and finished goods, which are stated at the lower of cost
      and net realizable value. Cost comprises direct materials, direct labour and an appropriate proportion of variable
      and fixed overhead expenditure, the latter being allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity. Cost is
      determined using the weighted average method. Costs of purchased inventories are determined after deducting
      rebates and discounts. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less
      the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

 2.3.8 Contract assets and contract liabilities
      Upon entering into a contract with a customer, the Group obtains rights to receive consideration from the
      customer and assumes performance obligations to transfer goods or provide services to the customer. The
      combination of those rights and performance obligations gives rise to a net asset or a net liability depending on
      the relationship between the remaining rights and the performance obligations. The contract is an asset and
      recognized as contract assets if the measure of the remaining rights exceeds the measure of the remaining
      performance obligations. Conversely, the contract is a liability and recognized as contract liabilities if the
      measure of the remaining performance obligations exceeds the measure of the remaining rights.

 2.3.9 Cash and cash equivalents
      For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes
      cash on hand, demand deposits held with financial institutions, and other short-term, highly liquid investments
      with original maturities of three months or less hat are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which
      are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.




118   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

2.3 Other potentially material accounting policy information (Continued)
2.3.10 Share capital and shares held for employee share scheme
    Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

    Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax,
    from the proceeds.

    Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity instruments, for example as the result of a share
    buy-back or a share-based payment plan, the consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental
    costs (net of income taxes), is deducted from equity attributable to the owners of the Company as treasury
    shares until the shares are cancelled or reissued. Where such ordinary shares are subsequently reissued, any
    consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related income tax
    effects, is included in equity attributable to the owners of the Company.

    The consideration paid by the Company for repurchasing its shares from shareholders for employee share
    scheme purpose, including any directly attributable incremental cost, is presented as “shares held for employee
    share scheme” and deducted from total equity.

2.3.11 Trade and other payables
    These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial
    period which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured. Trade and other payables are presented as current
    liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting period. They are recognized initially at
    their fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method.

    The carrying amounts of trade and other payables are considered to be approximate to their fair values, due to
    their short-term nature.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025          119
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2    Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

 2.3 Other potentially material accounting policy information (Continued)
 2.3.12 Borrowings
      Borrowings are initially recognized at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
      measured at amortized cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption
      amount is recognized in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method. Fees
      paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognized as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is
      probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down
      occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the
      fee is capitalized as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortized over the period of the facility to which it
      relates.

      Borrowings are derecognised when the obligation specified in the contract is extinguished, cancelled or expired.
      The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been extinguished or transferred to
      another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is
      recognized in profit or loss as other income or finance costs.

      Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless, at the end of at the end of the reporting period, the Group
      has a right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

      Covenants that the Group is required to comply with, on or before the end of the reporting period, are considered
      in classifying loan arrangements with covenants as current or non-current. Covenants that the Group is required
      to comply with after the reporting period do not affect the classification at the reporting date.

 2.3.13 Borrowings costs
      General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production
      of a qualifying asset are capitalized during the period of time that is required to complete and prepare the asset
      for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get
      ready for their intended use or sale.

      Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings, pending their expenditure on
      qualifying assets, is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalization. Other borrowing costs are
      expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

 2.3.14 Employee benefits
 (a) Short-term obligations
      Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, annual leave and accumulating sick leave
      that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the period in which the employees render
      the related services are recognized in respect of employees’ services up to the end of the year and are measured
      at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The liabilities are presented as current
      employee benefit obligations in the consolidated statements of financial position.




120   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2    Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

2.3 Other potentially material accounting policy information (Continued)
2.3.14 Employee benefits (Continued)
(b) Employment obligations
     Pension obligations
     The Group only operates defined contribution pension plans. In accordance with the rules and regulations in
     Chinese Mainland, Hong Kong and other jurisdictions, employees of the Group participate in various defined
     contribution retirement benefit plans organized by the relevant municipal and provincial governments in these
     jurisdictions under which the Group are required to make monthly contributions to these plans calculated as a
     percentage of the employees’ salaries. The relevant municipal and provincial governments undertake to assume
     the retirement benefit obligations of all existing and future retired employees’ payable under the plans described
     above. Other than the monthly contributions, the Group has no further obligation for the payment of retirement
     and other post-retirement benefits of its employees. The assets of these plans are held separately from those of
     the Group in independently administrated funds managed by the governments.

     The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution retirement scheme are expensed as incurred.

     Housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurances
     Employees of the Group in the PRC are entitled to participate in various government-supervised housing funds,
     medical insurance and other employee social insurance plan. The Group contributes on a monthly basis to these
     funds based on certain percentages of the salaries of the employees, subject to certain ceiling. The Group’s
     liability in respect of these funds is limited to the contributions payable in each year. Contributions to the housing
     funds, medical insurances and other social insurances are expensed as incurred.

     Termination benefits
     Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal retirement
     date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these benefits. The Group
     recognizes termination benefits at the earlier of the following dates: (a) when the Group can no longer withdraw
     the offer of those benefits; and (b) when the entity recognizes costs for a restructuring that is within the scope
     of IAS 37 and involves the payment of termination benefits. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary
     redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees expected to accept the
     offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of the year are discounted to their present value.

(c) Bonus plan
     The expected cost of bonuses is recognized as a liability when the Group has a present legal or constructive
     obligation for payment of bonus as a result of services rendered by employees and a reliable estimate of the
     obligation can be made. Liabilities for bonus plans are expected to be settled within one year and are measured
     at the amounts expected to be paid when they are settled.

2.3.15 Provisions
     Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past
     events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has
     been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognized for future operating losses.

     Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
     determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognized even if the likelihood of
     an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.



                                                                                             Annual Report 2025          121
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2    Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

 2.3 Other potentially material accounting policy information (Continued)
 2.3.15 Provisions (Continued)
      Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditures expected
      required to settle the present obligation at the end of the year. The discount rate used to determine the present
      value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
      to the liability. The increase in the provisions due to passage of time is recognized as interest expense.

 2.3.16 Earnings per share
 (a) Basic earnings per share
      Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

      •    the profit attributable to owners of the Company, excluding any costs of servicing equity other than ordinary
           shares

      •    by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for
           bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.

 (b) Diluted earnings per share
      Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take into
      account:

      •    the after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential ordinary
           shares, and

      •    the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding assuming the
           conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

 2.3.17 Interest income
      Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost calculated using the effective interest method is
      recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

      Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held for cash
      management purposes. Interest income from other financial assets is presented as other income.

 2.3.18 Leases
      The Group leases various properties for operation. Rental contracts are typically made for fixed periods of 1
      to 8 years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
      conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants.

      Leases are recognized as right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset
      is available for use by the Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance cost. The
      finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest
      on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the shorter of
      the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.




122   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

2   Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)
2.3 Other potentially material accounting policy information (Continued)
2.3.18 Leases (Continued)
    Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include
    the net present value of the following lease payments:

    •    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable,

    •    variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at
         the commencement date,

    •    amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees,

    •    the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option,

    •    lease payments to be made under an extension option if the group is reasonably certain to exercise the
         option, and

    •    payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the group exercising that option.

    The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate cannot be readily
    determined, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee would have
    to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar
    economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

    To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

    •    where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point,
         adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received

    •    uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held by
         the Group, which does not have recent third party financing, and

    •    makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.

    If a readily observable amortizing loan rate is available to the individual lessee (through recent financing or
    market data) which has a similar payment profile to the lease, then the group entities use that rate as a starting
    point to determine the incremental borrowing rate.

    Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss
    over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability
    for each period.

    Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

    •    the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability

    •    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received

    •    any initial direct costs, and

    •    restoration costs.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025           123
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 2    Basis of preparation and accounting policy information (Continued)

 2.3 Other potentially material accounting policy information (Continued)
 2.3.18 Leases (Continued)
      Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on
      a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is
      depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.

      Payments associated with short-term leases and all leases of low-value assets are recognized on a straight-line
      basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.

      Cash payments for the principal portion of the lease liabilities are presented as cash flows from financing
      activities and cash payments for the interest portion are consistent with presentation of interest payments.

 2.3.19 Dividend distribution
      Provision is made for the amount of any dividend declared, being appropriately authorized and no longer at the
      discretion of the entity, on or before the end of the year but not distributed at the end of the year.

 3    Financial risk management

 3.1 Financial risk factors
      The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s
      overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise
      potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

      Risk management is carried out by the senior management of the Group.

 (a) Market risk
 (i) Foreign exchange risk
      Foreign exchange risk arises when future commercial transactions or recognized assets and liabilities are
      denominated in a currency that is not the group entities’ functional currency. The Group’s businesses are
      principally conducted in RMB, USD, Brazilian Real (“BRL”) and European Dollar (“EUR”). Since the Group operates
      its business in different countries/regions, i.e Chinese Mainland, Europe, United States, etc., the functional
      currency of its subsidiaries varies. The Group is subject to foreign exchange risk arising from future commercial
      transactions and recognized assets and liabilities which are denominated in foreign currencies and net
      investment in foreign operations.

      The Group manages its foreign exchange risk by closely monitoring the movement of the foreign currency rates.
      Cash repatriation from the PRC are subject to the rules and regulations of foreign exchange control promulgated
      by the PRC government. The Group did not have other significant exposure to foreign exchange risk.




124   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3   Financial risk management (Continued)

3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
(a) Market risk (Continued)
(i) Foreign exchange risk (Continued)
    The carrying amount of the Group’s monetary assets and monetary liabilities that are not denominated in the
    functional currencies of respective group entities at the respective dates of consolidated statements of financial
    position are as follows:

                                                                                        As at                 As at
                                                                                  December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                         2025                 2024
                                                                                      USD’000               USD’000

      Assets
      USD                                                                               283,087               249,193
      Others                                                                              6,653                 9,311
                                                                                        289,740               258,504

      Liabilities
      USD                                                                                  2,428                1,365
      Others                                                                               2,225                2,877
                                                                                           4,653                4,242


    Since the HKD/USD exchange rate is pegged, the Group is primarily exposed to changes in RMB/USD exchange
    rates.

    As at December 31, 2025, for the PRC subsidiaries with functional currency as RMB, if USD had strengthened/
    weakened by 5% against RMB with all other variables held constant, the pre-tax profit would have been
    approximately USD5,353,000 higher/lower for the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024: USD2,485,000 higher/
    lower).

(ii) Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
    The Group’s income and operating cash flows are substantially independent of changes in market interest
    rates. The Group has no significant interest-bearing assets except for loans receivables, details of which have
    been disclosed in Note 16, cash and cash equivalents, term deposits with initial terms over three months and
    restricted cash, details of which have been disclosed in Note 17 and wealth management products, details of
    which have been disclosed in Note 19. The directors of the Company do not anticipate that there is any significant
    impact to interest-bearing assets resulted from the changes in interest rates, because the interest rates of
    interest-bearing assets are not expected to change significantly.

    The Group has exposure to the risk of change in market interest rate in relation to its interest-bearing bank loans.
    Borrowings obtained at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest-rate risk. The interest rates and the
    terms of repayment of borrowings and disclosed in Note 26.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2025          125
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 3    Financial risk management (Continued)

 3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
 (a) Market risk (Continued)
 (ii) Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk (Continued)
      The Group closely monitors trend of interest rate and its impact on the Group’s interest rate risk exposure. The
      Group currently has not used any interest rate swap arrangements.

 (iii) Price risk
      The Group is exposed to equity price risk mainly arising from investments held by the Group that are classified
      FVPL. To manage its price risk arising from the investments, the Group diversify its investment portfolio. The
      investments are made either for strategic purposes, or for the purpose of achieving investment yield and
      balancing the Group’s liquidity level simultaneously. Each investment is managed by management on a case-by-
      case basis.

      Sensitivity analysis is performed by management to assess the exposure of the Group’s financial results to equity
      price risk of FVPL at the end of each reporting period.

 (b) Credit risk
      The Group is exposed to credit risk in relation to its trade and other receivables and cash deposits at banks. The
      carrying amounts of each class of the above financial assets represents the Group’s maximum exposure to credit
      risk in relation to the corresponding class of financial assets.

      The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with cash deposits at banks since they are
      substantially deposited at state-owned banks and other medium or large size listed banks. Management does
      not expect that there will be any significant losses from non-performance by these counterparties.

      The Group’s trade receivables are mainly from providing clear aligner treatment solutions and sales from
      aligners to hospitals, clinics and distributors. The Group implemented policies to ensure that sales are made to
      customers with an appropriate financial strength and appropriate percentage of down payments. The Group also
      has other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition,
      the Group reviews regularly the recoverable amount of each individual trade receivables to ensure that adequate
      impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. The Group has no significant concentrations of credit
      risk, with exposure spread over a large number of counterparties and customers, without any single customer
      contributing material revenue.

      For other financial assets at amortized cost, management makes periodic collective assessments as well as
      individual assessment on the recoverability of such receivables based on historical settlement records and past
      experience.




126   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3     Financial risk management (Continued)

3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
(b) Credit risk (Continued)
      The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there has been
      a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout the year. To assess whether there is a
      significant increase in credit risk the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset as at the
      reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. It considers available reasonable and
      supportive forwarding-looking information. Especially the following indicators are incorporated:

      •   internal credit rating

      •   external credit rating

      •   actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
          expected to cause a significant change to the debtor’s ability to meet its obligations

      •   actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the debtor

      •   significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same debtor, and

      •   significant changes in the expected performance and behavior of the debtor, including changes in the
          payment status of debtors in the Group and changes in the operating results of the debtor.

(i)   Trade receivables
      The Group applies the simplified approach to providing for expected credit losses prescribed by IFRS 9, which
      permits the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables. To measure the expected credit
      losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due.

      The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 36 months before the end
      of the reporting period and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced within these periods. The
      historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors
      affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025          127
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 3    Financial risk management (Continued)

 3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
 (b) Credit risk (Continued)
 (i) Trade receivables (Continued)
      The loss allowance provision is determined as follows. The expected credit losses below also incorporate forward
      looking information.

                                                               Within      1 to 2      2 to 3     Over 3
                                                               a year      years       years       years       Total

       Trade receivables
       At December 31, 2025
       Provision on collective basis
       Expected loss rate                                     1.75%      22.02%      59.90% 100.00%
       Gross carrying amount (USD’000)                        28,319       2,884       1,010   2,340         34,553
       Loss allowance provision (USD’000)                       (495)       (635)       (605) (2,340)        (4,075)

       At December 31, 2024
       Provision on collective basis
       Expected loss rate                                     2.89%      12.52%      54.01% 100.00%
       Gross carrying amount (USD’000)                        13,257       1,933         237   2,392         17,819
       Loss allowance provision (USD’000)                       (383)       (242)       (128) (2,392)         (3,145)


      The Group takes into account the changes in its customers’ operating performance and future recoverability of
      trade receivables. The Group makes individual assessment on receivables when the counterparty fails to make
      repayment plan with the Group or becomes insolvency.

      Trade receivables subjected to individual provision

                                                                                     As at                  As at
                                                                               December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                      2025                  2024
                                                                                   USD’000                USD’000

       Gross carrying amount                                                           3,366                    693
       Loss allowance provision                                                       (3,366)                  (693)
       Expected loss rate                                                              100%                   100%




128   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3   Financial risk management (Continued)

3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
(b) Credit risk (Continued)
(i) Trade receivables (Continued)
    The loss allowance provision for trade receivables as at December 31, 2025 reconciles to the opening loss
    allowance for that provision as follows:

                                                                                  Year ended               Year ended
                                                                                December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                        2025                     2024
                                                                                    USD’000                  USD’000

      At the beginning of the year                                                       3,838                    4,604
      Provision/(Reversal) for loss allowance recognized in
        profit or loss                                                                   3,381                     (594)
      Write off allowance for impairment of trade receivables                              (30)                       –
      Currency translation differences                                                     252                     (172)
      At the end of the year                                                             7,441                    3,838


(ii) Other financial assets at amortized cost
    Other financial assets at amortized cost are other receivables which mainly include deposits receivables, loans
    to third parties and loans provided to employees. Management manages the loans by category, makes periodic
    assessments as well as individual assessments on the recoverability of other receivables based on historical
    settlement records and past experience.

    As at December 31, 2025, the internal credit rating of such receivables was performing. The Group has assessed
    that there is no significant increase of credit risk for other receivables. Thus, the Group used the 12 months
    expected credit losses model to assess credit loss of other receivables. If a significant increase in credit risk of a
    receivable has occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is measured as lifetime expected credit losses.

    The loss allowance provision for other receivables (excluding prepayments) as at December 31, 2025 reconciles
    to the opening loss allowance for that provision as follows:

                                                                                  Year ended               Year ended
                                                                                December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                        2025                     2024
                                                                                    USD’000                  USD’000

      At the beginning of the year                                                         820                       77
      Provision for loss allowance recognized in profit or loss                          4,801                      744
      Write off allowance for impairment of other receivables                              (67)                        –
      Currency translation differences                                                      27                        (1)
      At the end of the year                                                             5,581                      820


    During the year, the provision for loss allowances was recognized in profit or loss in “net impairment losses on
    financial assets” in relation to the impaired trade and other receivables.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2025           129
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 3    Financial risk management (Continued)

 3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
 (c) Liquidity risk
      To manage the liquidity risk, management monitors rolling forecasts of the Group’s liquidity reserve (comprising
      undrawn banking facilities) and cash and cash equivalents on the basis of expected cash flow. The Group expects
      to fund the future cash flow needs through internally generated cash flows from operations.

      The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining
      period at the statement of financial position dates to the contractual maturity date. The amounts disclosed in
      the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.

                                                    Less        Between         Between            Over
                                              than 1 year   1 and 2 years   2 and 5 years       5 years          Total
                                                USD’000         USD’000         USD’000        USD’000         USD’000

       As at December 31, 2025
       Lease liabilities                           5,697           3,549           5,362            445         15,053
       Trade and other payables excluding
         non-financial liabilities                39,421               –               –              –         39,421
       Bank borrowings                             1,938             518             316              –          2,772
       Other non-current financial
         liabilities                                    –              –          70,245              –         70,245
       Total                                      47,056           4,067          75,923            445        127,491

       As at December 31, 2024
       Lease liabilities                           4,632           3,647           3,205            621         12,105
       Trade and other payables excluding
         non-financial liabilities                25,809               –               –              –         25,809
       Bank borrowings                             3,015             563               –              –          3,578
       Other non-current financial
         liabilities                                    –              –          63,540              –         63,540
       Total                                      33,456           4,210          66,745            621        105,032


 3.2 Capital management
      The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
      in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal
      capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

      In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to
      shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

      Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of gearing ratio. This ratio
      is calculated as net debt divided by total capital. Net debt is calculated as total debt less cash and cash
      equivalents. Total capital is calculated as “equity” as shown in the consolidated statements of financial position.

      As at December 31, 2025, the Group maintained at a net cash position (2024: same).




130   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3   Financial risk management (Continued)

3.3 Fair value estimation
    The table below analyses the Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as at December 31, 2025 by level
    of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorised into three levels
    within a fair value hierarchy as follows:

    •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1)

    •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
           directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2), and

    •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs)
           (level 3).

(a) Fair value hierarchy
    As at December 31, 2025, the financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis by the above three
    levels were analysed below:

                                                            Level 1            Level 2           Level 3        Total
                                                           USD’000            USD’000           USD’000       USD’000

        As at December 31, 2025
        Assets:
        Financial assets at fair value through
          profit or loss
          – Wealth management products
            with variable return                                   –           42,934                  –        42,934
          – Associates                                             –                –              7,499         7,499
          – Other investees                                        –                –             33,448        33,448
          – Derivative financial asset                             –                –              1,558         1,558
                                                                   –           42,934             42,505        85,439

        As at December 31, 2024
        Assets:
        Financial assets at fair value through
          profit or loss
          – Wealth management products
            with variable return                                   –            97,778                 –        97,778
          – Associate                                              –                 –             2,287         2,287
          – Other investees                                        –                 –            35,645        35,645
          – Derivative financial asset                             –                 –               683           683
                                                                   –            97,778            38,615       136,393


    During the year ended December 31, 2025, there were no transfers between levels 1, 2 and 3.

    The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is determined with reference to quoted market
    prices at the end of the reporting period. These instruments are included in level 1.



                                                                                               Annual Report 2025      131
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 3    Financial risk management (Continued)

 3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
 (a) Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
      The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using valuation
      techniques that maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific
      estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included
      in level 2.

      If one or more of the significant inputs are not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in
      level 3.

      Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:

      •      Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments

      •      Black-Scholes Model and unobservable inputs mainly including assumptions of expected volatility

      •      The latest round financing, i.e. the prior transaction price or the third-party pricing information, and

      •      A combination of observable and unobservable inputs, mainly including expected volatility, risk-free interest
             rate, market multiples, etc.

      The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments during the year:

                                                                                              As at                 As at
                                                                                        December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                               2025                 2024
                                                                                            USD’000               USD’000

          Derivative financial asset
          Balance at the beginning of the year                                                     683                   1,214
          Additions                                                                              1,842                       –
          Unrealized fair value losses recognized in profit or loss                             (1,067)                   (322)
          Currency translation differences                                                         100                    (209)
          Balance at the end of the year                                                        1,558                      683

          Other investees
          Balance at the beginning of the year                                                 35,645                   34,206
          Additions                                                                             5,401                     3,408
          Unrealized fair value losses recognized in profit or loss                            (7,876)                   (1,865)
          Currency translation differences                                                        278                      (104)
          Balance at the end of the year                                                       33,448                   35,645

          Associate
          Balance at the beginning of the year                                                  2,287                         –
          Additions                                                                             3,783                    2,112
          Unrealized fair value gains recognized in profit or loss                              1,296                      202
          Currency translation differences                                                        133                       (27)
          Balance at the end of the year                                                        7,499                    2,287

132   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

3   Financial risk management (Continued)

3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
(b) Valuation processes inputs and relationships to fair value
    The Group has a team that manages the valuation of level 2 and level 3 instruments for financial reporting
    purposes. The team manages the valuation exercise of the investments on a case-by-case basis. Every half
    year, the team would use valuation techniques to determine the fair value of the Group’s level 2 and level 3
    instruments. External valuation experts will be involved when necessary.

    During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group purchased wealth management products with variable
    return based on forward exchange rates or gold prices at certain dates. The Group classified these wealth
    management products into level 2 financial instruments as the inputs included were observable. The fair value of
    financial instruments in level 2 is determined using valuation techniques with the use of observable market data
    such as the future cash flows based on forward exchange rates or gold price and observable yield curve.

    The components of the level 3 instruments include investments in unlisted companies classified as FVPL
    and derivative financial asset. As these investments and instruments are not traded in an active market, the
    majority of their fair values have been determined using applicable valuation techniques including comparable
    companies approach, comparable transactions approach and other option pricing approach. These valuation
    approaches require significant judgments, assumptions and inputs, including risk-free rates, expected volatility,
    relevant underlying financial projections, and market information of recent transactions (such as recent fund-
    raising transactions undertaken by the investees) and other exposure, etc.

    The main level 3 inputs used by the Group are derived and evaluated as follows:

    •    Expected volatility for investments in unlisted companies and derivative financial asset are estimated based
         on average volatility for similar types of companies.

    •    Risk-free interest rate for investments in unlisted companies and derivative financial asset are derived from
         interest rates on treasury bonds over the same period.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025         133
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 3    Financial risk management (Continued)

 3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
 (b) Valuation processes inputs and relationships to fair value (Continued)
      The following table summarises the quantitative information about the significant unobservable inputs used in
      level 3 fair value measurements:

                              Fair value at December 31,                                   Range of inputs        Relationship of unobservable
       Description                   2025          2024 Unobservable inputs                 2025             2024 inputs to fair value
                                USD’000         USD’000

       Other investees            33,448        35,645 Expected volatility        36.73%-63.68% 41.10%-59.80% Increased/decreased expected volatility by
                                                                                                                100 basis points (bps), the fair value for
                                                                                                                investments in unlisted equity investments
                                                                                                                would have been approximately USD106,000
                                                                                                                lower/USD 163,000 higher (2024: USD16,000
                                                                                                                lower/USD 15,000 higher).

                                                        Risk-free interest rate     1.19%-3.19%   1.08%-5.38% Increased/decreased risk-free interest rate
                                                                                                                by 100 bps, the fair value for investments
                                                                                                                in unlisted equity investments would have
                                                                                                                been approximately USD266,000 lower/
                                                                                                                USD267,000 higher (2024: USD405,000
                                                                                                                lower/USD414,000 higher).
       Associate                   7,499         2,287 Expected volatility        46.60%-55.74% 51.90%-53.90% Increased/decreased expected volatility by
                                                                                                                100 bps, the fair value would have been
                                                                                                                approximately USD27,000 lower/USD 20,000
                                                                                                                higher (2024: USD4,000 lower/USD 182,000
                                                                                                                higher).
       Derivative financial        1,558          683 Expected volatility                46.60%        42.20% Increased/decreased expected volatility by
         asset                                                                                                  100 bps, the fair value would have been
                                                                                                                approximately USD6,000 higher/USD 4,000
                                                                                                                lower (2024: USD10,000 higher/lower).

      The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities, including cash and cash equivalents, trade
      and other receivables (excluding non-financial assets) less allowance for impairment, trade and other payables
      (excluding non-financial liabilities), lease liabilities, bank borrowings and other non-current financial liabilities
      approximated their fair value.

 4    Critical accounting estimates and judgements
      The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by
      definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of
      causing a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are
      discussed below.




134   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

4   Critical accounting estimates and judgements (Continued)

(a) Revenue recognition
–   Sales from rendering clear aligner treatment solutions
    Revenue from rendering clear aligner treatment solutions is recognized over time when the Group’s performance
    does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment
    for performance completed up to date. The Group cannot change or substitute the deliverables in each solution
    contract or redirect the deliverables in each solution contract for another use as the deliverables in each solution
    contract are designed and custom-made for each specific patient based on his or her own orthodontic needs
    and teeth position and thus the deliverables in each solution contract do not have an alternative use to the
    Group. However, whether there is an enforceable right to payment depends on the terms of sales contract and
    the interpretation of the applicable laws that apply to the contract. Such determination requires significant
    judgements. In assessing whether the Group has an enforceable right to payment for its revenue contracts,
    the Group has obtained legal counsel’s opinion regarding the enforceability of the right to payment, including
    an assessment on the contractual terms as well as any legislation that could supplement or override those
    contractual terms, and conducted an evaluation of any existence of circumstances that could restrict the Group
    to enforce its right to payment for specific performance. Management uses judgements, based on legal counsel’s
    opinion, to classify whether sales contracts into those with right to payment. Management will reassess their
    judgements on a regular basis to identify and evaluate the existence of any circumstances that could affect the
    Group’s enforceable right to payment and the implication of accounting for solution contracts.

    The Group recognizes revenue from rendering clear aligner treatment solutions over time by reference to the
    progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation at the reporting date. The progress
    towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation is measured using output method by reference
    to the value of deliverables transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining deliverables promised
    under each contract. Significant judgements and estimations are required in determining the accuracy of
    progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation of each contract at the reporting date,
    including value of deliverables transferred to the customer and remaining number of deliverables promised in
    each contract. Changing in value estimates in future periods can have effect on the Group’s revenue recognized.
    In making the estimation of value transferred to the customer, the Group relies on generally accepted prices
    negotiated with its customers; while the Group estimates the remaining number of deliverables which are
    expected to be transferred for each solution case based upon its historical experience and actual number of
    clear aligners delivered for completed cases.

–   Revenue from sales of aligners with multiple distinct performance obligations
    The Group enter into sales contracts that may consist of multiple distinct performance obligations: initial
    aligners and the options of additional aligners. Certain performance obligations of the sales contract are not
    delivered in one reporting period.

    Determining the allocation of contract prices to different performance obligations of revenue from sales of clear
    aligners at the inception of the contract is the result of various factors, which involves significant estimation and
    judgments and impacts the timing of revenue recognition. The Group considers a variety of factors to allocate
    contract prices to each performance obligation, with reference to the terms of contracts with customers, the
    historical exercise of options and number of clear aligners delivered in each performance obligation.




                                                                                           Annual Report 2025          135
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 4    Critical accounting estimates and judgements (Continued)

 (b) Recognition and estimation of redemption liability
      As mentioned in Note 27, the Group has redemption liability arising from a symmetrical put and call options
      arrangements with non-controlling shareholders of Aditek do Brasil S.A. (“Aditek”). The redemption liability is
      initially recognized under “Other non-current financial liabilities” in the consolidated financial statements at the
      present value of the estimated future cash outflows on exercise under the symmetrical put and call options. The
      carrying amount of the financial liability is adjusted subsequently to reflect actual and revised estimated cash
      outflows, which will be recognized in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. The estimation of which
      involves the use of significant accounting estimates and judgments.

 (c) Estimation of the fair value of certain financial instruments
      The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using valuation
      techniques. The Group uses its judgement to select a variety of methods and assumptions that are mainly based
      on market conditions existing at the end of each reporting period. For details of the key assumptions used and
      the impact of changes to these assumptions, see Note 3.3.

 (d) Expected credit loss for trade and other receivables
      The loss allowances for receivables are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. The
      Group used judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation,
      based on the Group’s past experience, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end
      of the year. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in the tables in Note 3.1(b).

 (e) Current tax and deferred tax
      The Group is subject to income taxes in the PRC and other jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required
      in determining the provision for income taxes. There are some transactions and calculations for which the
      ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. The Group recognizes liabilities
      for anticipated tax audit issues based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due. Where the final tax
      outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact
      the income tax and provisions in the period in which such determination is made.

      For temporary differences which give rise to deferred tax assets, the Group assesses the likelihood that the
      deferred tax assets may be recovered. Deferred tax assets are recognized based on the Group’s estimates
      and assumptions that they will be recovered from taxable income arising from continuing operations in the
      foreseeable future.

 (f) Assessment of impairment of goodwill
      The Group tests at least annually whether goodwill has suffered any impairment in accordance with the
      accounting policy stated in Note 2.2.3. The recoverable amounts of CGUs was determined based on value-in-use
      calculations prepared on the basis of management’s assumptions and estimates (Note 14). These calculations
      require the use of estimates.




136   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

5   Revenue and segment information

                                                                                  Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                        2025                 2024
                                                                                    USD’000              USD’000

 Revenue from external customers is recognized over time and is
   derived from the rendering of:
   – Clear aligner treatment solutions                                                198,251              179,625
   – Other services                                                                     2,138                2,425
 Revenue from external customers is recognized at a point in time and
   is derived from:
   – Sales of clear aligners                                                          154,384               74,008
   – Sales of other products                                                           15,508               12,729
 Total revenue                                                                        370,281              268,787


The CODM identifies operating segments based on the internal organization structure, management requirements
and internal reporting system, and discloses segment information of reportable segments which is determined
on the basis of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of the Group that satisfies all of the
following conditions: (1) the component is able to earn revenues and incur expenses from its ordinary activities; (2)
whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the Group’s management to make decisions about resources to
be allocated to the segment and to assess its performance, and (3) for which the information on financial position,
operating results and cash flows is available to the Group.

Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments separately for the purpose of making decisions
about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based on the reportable
segment profit, which is measured consistently with the Group’s profit before tax except that other unallocated
income, gains and losses, net impairment losses on financial assets, finance income-net, and share of results of
investments accounted for using the equity method are excluded from such measurement.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025         137
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 5    Revenue and segment information (Continued)

 Segment revenue and results
 As a result of this evaluation, the Group has the following reportable segments for year ended December 31, 2025:

                                                                           Year ended December 31, 2025
                                                                                         Global
                                                                         Chinese        Markets
                                                                        Mainland    (ex-Chinese
                                                                          Market      Mainland) Consolidated
                                                                        USD’000         USD’000        USD’000

  Revenue                                                                207,324           162,957          370,281
  Cost of sales                                                          (71,972)          (65,420)        (137,392)
  Gross profit                                                           135,352            97,537          232,889

  Segment profit/(loss)                                                    46,394          (14,757)          31,637

  Other unallocated income, gains and losses                                                                   7,108
  Net impairment losses on financial assets                                                                   (8,182)
  Finance income – net                                                                                         1,946
  Share of results of investments accounted for
    using the equity method                                                                                    (817)
  Profit before tax                                                                                          31,692
  Income tax expense                                                                                         (5,365)
  Profit for the year                                                                                        26,327

  Other item
  Depreciation and amortization                                            13,926            4,501           18,427




138   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

5   Revenue and segment information (Continued)

Segment revenue and results (Continued)
As a result of this evaluation, the Group has the following reportable segments for year ended December 31, 2024:

                                                                          Year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                         Global
                                                                        Chinese         Markets
                                                                       Mainland     (ex-Chinese
                                                                         Market       Mainland)    Consolidated
                                                                       USD’000         USD’000         USD’000

 Revenue                                                                188,238            80,549          268,787
 Cost of sales                                                           (69,043)         (31,516)        (100,559)
 Gross profit                                                           119,195            49,033          168,228

 Segment profit/(loss)                                                    26,846          (31,155)           (4,309)

 Other unallocated income, gains and losses                                                                 10,740
 Net impairment losses on financial assets                                                                    (150)
 Finance income – net                                                                                        5,458
 Share of results of investments accounted for using the
   equity method                                                                                                (72)
 Profit before tax                                                                                          11,667
 Income tax expense                                                                                          (1,651)
 Profit for the year                                                                                        10,016

 Other item
 Depreciation and amortization                                            12,176            3,483           15,659


Geographical information
Information about the Group’s non-current assets other than financial instruments and deferred tax assets is
presented based on the geographical locations of the assets.

                                                                                      As at                As at
                                                                                December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                    USD’000              USD’000

 Chinese Mainland Market                                                              105,648               87,280
 Global Markets (ex-Chinese Mainland)                                                  37,886               29,541
                                                                                      143,534              116,821


Information about major customers
Since none of the Group’s provision of services to a single customer amounting to 10% or more of the Group’s total
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, no major customer information is presented in accordance
with IFRS 8 “Operating Segments”.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025          139
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 5    Revenue and segment information (Continued)
 Information about major customers (Continued)
 (a) Unsatisfied long-term contracts
      The following table shows unsatisfied performance obligations resulting from fixed-price long-term contracts of
      clear aligner treatment solutions and sales of clear aligners:

                                                                                        As at                As at
                                                                                  December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                      USD’000              USD’000
       Chinese Mainland Market
       – Within 1 year                                                                   45,634               45,599
       – Over 1 year                                                                     23,780               30,291
                                                                                         69,414               75,890
       Global Markets (ex-Chinese Mainland)
       – Within 1 year                                                                   55,364               39,734
       – Over 1 year                                                                     47,565               18,263
                                                                                        102,929               57,997
                                                                                        172,343              133,887

      Management expects that unsatisfied performance obligations of approximately USD100,998,000 as at
      December 31, 2025 will be recognized as revenue within 1 year. The remaining unsatisfied performance
      obligations of approximately USD71,345,000 will be mainly recognized in 1 to 3 years.

      All other contracts of products and services are for periods of one year or less. As permitted under IFRS 15, the
      transaction prices allocated to these unsatisfied contracts are not disclosed.

 6    Other income, other expenses and other losses – net
                                                                                    Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                  December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                                      USD’000              USD’000
  Other income
  Interest income on term deposits with initial terms over
    three months                                                                           9,945               8,252
  Others                                                                                   2,650               4,199
                                                                                         12,595               12,451
  Other expenses
  Donations                                                                                 (135)                (143)
  Other losses – net
  Net foreign exchange losses                                                               (754)              (2,922)
  Realized and unrealized (losses)/gains on financial assets at
    FVPL – net                                                                            (3,553)              1,436
  Losses on disposals of a joint venture                                                       –                  (25)
  Losses on disposals of property, plant and equipment                                      (502)                 (58)
  Gains on disposals of right-of-use assets                                                  337                    –
  Others                                                                                    (880)                   1
                                                                                          (5,352)              (1,568)




140   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

7   Expenses by nature

Expenses included in cost of revenue, selling and marketing expenses, administrative expenses and research and
development expenses are analysed below:

                                                                             Year ended          Year ended
                                                                           December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                               USD’000             USD’000

 Changes in inventories of finished goods and work in progress                    (3,319)              (1,061)
 Raw materials and consumables used and other inventories                         42,734              36,124
 Employee benefit expenses (Note 8)                                              166,639             141,537
 Advertising and promotion expenses                                               27,615              23,806
 Depreciation and amortization                                                    18,427              15,659
 Professional service and consulting fees                                         15,100              11,930
 Outsourcing costs                                                                 4,893                6,204
 Travelling expenses                                                               9,392                7,556
 Delivery costs                                                                   29,778              14,173
 Office expenses                                                                   5,422                3,361
 Utility costs                                                                     3,989                2,908
 Taxes and surcharges                                                              2,908                2,354
 Entertainment expenses                                                            2,337                1,859
 Short-term lease and variable lease expenses                                        671                  129
 Auditor’s remuneration
 – Audit services                                                                    799                 802
 – Non-audit services                                                                141                 296
 Recruitment expenses                                                              1,081                 879
 Others                                                                           10,037               4,580
                                                                                 338,644             273,096


8   Employee benefit expenses (including directors’ emoluments)

(a) Employee benefit expenses are analysed as follows:

                                                                             Year ended          Year ended
                                                                           December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                               USD’000             USD’000

     Salaries, wages and bonuses                                                 126,984             102,640
     Share-based compensation expenses (Note 23)                                   9,133              11,290
     Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                    9,246               8,769
     Other social security costs, housing benefits and other
       employee benefits                                                          21,276              18,838
                                                                                 166,639             141,537




                                                                                   Annual Report 2025       141
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 8    Employee benefit expenses (including directors’ emoluments) (Continued)

 (b) Five highest paid individuals
      The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025
      included two (2024: two) directors whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown in Note 39(a). The
      emoluments payable to the remaining three (2024: three) individuals during the year ended December 31, 2025
      are as follows:

                                                                                Year ended          Year ended
                                                                              December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                  USD’000             USD’000

       Salaries and wages                                                               813                 851
       Bonuses                                                                          646                 493
       Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                         9                  47
       Other social security costs, housing benefits and other
         employee benefits                                                              252                 223
       Share-based compensation expenses                                              1,191                 542
                                                                                      2,911               2,156


      The emoluments fell within the following bands:

      Number of individuals

                                                                                Year ended          Year ended
                                                                              December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                      2025                2024

       Emolument bands
       HKD3,500,001 - HKD4,000,000                                                        –                   2
       HKD6,000,001 - HKD6,500,000                                                        1                   –
       HKD6,500,001 - HKD7,000,000                                                        1                   –
       HKD8,000,001 - HKD9,000,000                                                        –                   1
       HKD9,500,001 - HKD10,000,000                                                       1                   –
                                                                                          3                   3


      During the year ended December 31, 2025, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the five highest paid
      individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.




142   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

9   Finance income – net

                                                    Year ended      Year ended
                                                  December 31,    December 31,
                                                          2025            2024
                                                      USD’000         USD’000

Finance income:
Interest income on bank deposits                         3,689           7,000
Finance costs:
Interest expense on lease liabilities (Note 29)           (609)           (659)
Interest expense on bank borrowings                     (1,134)           (883)
                                                        (1,743)         (1,542)
Finance income – net                                     1,946           5,458


10 Income tax expense

                                                    Year ended      Year ended
                                                  December 31,    December 31,
                                                          2025            2024
                                                      USD’000         USD’000

Current income tax
  – Chinese Mainland corporate income tax                4,039           4,891
  – Hong Kong profits tax                                    –               4
  – Other countries and regions taxes                    1,598               1
                                                         5,637           4,896
Deferred income tax (Note 31)
  – Chinese Mainland corporate income tax                  658          (1,498)
  – Other countries and regions taxes                     (930)         (1,747)
                                                          (272)         (3,245)
                                                         5,365           1,651




                                                        Annual Report 2025   143
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 10 Income tax expense (Continued)

 The tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the
 standard tax rate applicable to profit to the respective companies of the Group as follows:

                                                                                   Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                 December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                         2025                 2024
                                                                                     USD’000              USD’000

  Profit before income tax                                                               31,692              11,667
  Tax calculated at respective statutory tax rates                                       11,450               2,661
  Tax effects of:
    – Preferential income tax rates applicable to subsidiaries                           (4,113)              (3,219)
    – Effect of change in the tax rates on deferred tax of prior years                        –                  266
    – Expenses not deductible for taxation purposes                                       2,704                1,431
    – Tax losses and temporary differences not recognized for deferred
       income tax                                                                         2,173                5,285
    – Super deduction for research and development expenditures                          (2,939)              (2,594)
    – Income not subject to tax                                                          (1,335)              (1,952)
    – Share of results of investments accounted for using the
       equity method                                                                        133                    2
    – Recognition of tax losses and temporary differences not recognized
       for deferred income tax in prior years                                              (809)                (266)
    – Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                  (2,740)                   –
    – Final settlement differences                                                          841                   37
                                                                                          5,365               1,651


 (a) Cayman Islands income tax
      Under the prevailing laws of the Cayman Islands, the Company is not subject to tax on income or capital
      gains. In addition, no Cayman Islands withholding tax is payable on dividend payments by the Company to its
      shareholders.

 (b) Chinese Mainland corporate income tax (“CIT”)
      CIT provision was made on the estimated assessable profits of entities within the Group incorporated in Chinese
      Mainland and was calculated in accordance with the relevant regulations of the PRC after considering the
      available tax benefits from refunds and allowance. The general Chinese Mainland CIT rate is 25% during the year
      ended December 31, 2025.

      The Company’s subsidiary, Wuxi EA Medical Instruments Co., Ltd. (無錫時代天使醫療器械有限公司, “Wuxi EA”),
      was approved as High and New Technology Enterprise (“HNTE”) under the relevant tax rules and regulations of
      the PRC in 2014 and it has renewed the qualification of HNTE in 2017, 2020 and 2023, and accordingly, is subject
      to a reduced preferential CIT rate of 15% during the year ended December 31, 2025.

      The Company’s subsidiary, Shanghai EA Medical Instruments Co., Ltd. (上海時代天使醫療器械有限公司,
      “Shanghai EA”), was approved as HNTE under the relevant tax rules and regulations of the PRC in 2019 and it has
      renewed the qualification of HNTE in 2022 and 2025, and accordingly, is subject to a reduced preferential CIT
      rate of 15% for the year ended December 31, 2025.


144   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

10 Income tax expense (Continued)

(b) Chinese Mainland corporate income tax (“CIT”) (Continued)
    The Company’s subsidiary, Wuxi EA Bio-Tech Co., Ltd. (無錫時代天使生物科技有限公司), was approved as
    HNTE under the relevant tax rules and regulations of the PRC in 2023 and accordingly, is subject to a reduced
    preferential CIT rate of 15% for the year ended December 31, 2025.

    According to the CIT laws and Detailed Implementation Rules, an enterprise is allowed to claim research and
    development expenses incurred for the development of new technologies, new products and new craftsmanship
    from 2008 onwards. From 2022, according to Cai Shui [2022] No. 16 (財稅[2022]16 號), an extra 100% of the
    amount of research and development expenses can be deducted before tax.

(c) Hong Kong profit tax
    The Hong Kong profits tax rate of the subsidiaries of the Group incorporated in Hong Kong is 16.5%.

(d) Profit/income tax rate in other jurisdictions as shown below:

                                                                                        At December 31, 2025 and
                                                                                               December 31, 2024
     Countries                                                                             Income/profits tax rate

     United States                                                                               27.67%-29.84%
     Singapore                                                                                                17%
     Brazil                                                                                        15% and 34%
     Germany                                                                Corporation tax standard rate: 15.83%
                                                                                 Trade tax standard rate: 16.10%
     Netherlands                                                                                              25%
     France                                                                                                   25%
     Spain                                                                                                    25%
     Australia                                                                                                30%


(e) Withholding tax
    According to the relevant regulations of the CIT laws of Chinese Mainland, when a foreign investment enterprise
    in Chinese Mainland distributes dividends out of the profits earned from January 1, 2008 onwards to its investors
    in other countries and regions, such dividends are subject to withholding tax at a rate of 10%.

    As at December 31, 2025, the retained earnings of the Group’s subsidiaries in Chinese Mainland not yet remitted
    to holding companies incorporated outside Chinese Mainland, for which no deferred tax liability had been
    provided, were approximately USD162,522,000 (2024: USD125,841,000). Such earnings are expected to be
    retained by the subsidiaries in Chinese Mainland for reinvestment purposes and would not be remitted to their
    holding companies outside Chinese Mainland in the foreseeable future based on management’s best estimates
    of the Group’s funding requirements in other countries and regions.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025         145
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 11 Earnings per share

 (a) Basic earnings per share
      Basic earnings per share (“EPS”) is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company by the
      weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year ended December 31, 2025.

                                                                                     Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                   December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                           2025                 2024

       Profit attributable to owners of the Company (USD’000)                            28,437               12,114
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding                       169,010,690          168,238,930
       Basic earnings per share (in USD)                                                     0.17                 0.07


 (b) Diluted earnings per share
      Diluted earnings per share are calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of shares outstanding to
      assume conversion of all dilutive potential shares.

      The Group has two categories of potential ordinary shares for the year ended December 31, 2025 which were the
      restricted shares granted after IPO (“the Post-IPO RSU Schemes) (Note 23(a)) and the share options granted after
      IPO (“the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme) (Note 23(b)).

      A calculation is done to determine the number of shares that could have been acquired at fair value (determined
      as the average market share price of the Company’s shares during the period) based on the monetary value of
      the subscription rights attached to outstanding restricted share units and share options. The number of shares
      calculated as above is compared with the number of shares that would have been issued assuming the exercise
      of the share options and the vest of restricted share units.

                                                                                     Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                   December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                           2025                 2024

       Profit attributable to owners of the Company (USD’000)                            28,437               12,114
       Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue                          169,010,690          168,238,930
       Adjustments for unvested restricted share units and
         share options                                                                   938,999              804,379
       Weighted average number of ordinary
         shares for diluted earnings per share                                      169,949,689          169,043,309
       Diluted earnings per share (in USD)                                                   0.17                 0.07




146   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

12 Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                 Furniture,
                                                 Plant and Transportation     fixtures and       Leasehold
                                   Buildings     machinery     equipment       equipment      improvements         CIP       Total
                                   USD’000        USD’000        USD’000          USD’000          USD’000     USD’000     USD’000

At January 1, 2024 (Restated)
Cost                                 28,066         36,509            513            2,319           8,781       6,915      83,103
Accumulated depreciation              (2,596)      (12,628)          (354)          (1,111)         (5,866)          –     (22,555)
Closing net book amount              25,470         23,881           159            1,208            2,915       6,915      60,548

Year ended December 31, 2024
Opening net book amount              25,470         23,881           159            1,208            2,915        6,915     60,548
Additions                                112          5,925          318              771              491      19,891      27,508
Transfers                                831        12,721               –               –             725     (14,277)           –
Disposals                                 (30)         (575)             –             (11)             (31)          –        (647)
Depreciation                          (1,358)        (5,330)          (70)           (464)          (1,637)           –      (8,859)
Currency translation differences        (371)        (1,419)            (9)            (54)             (50)     (1,352)     (3,255)
Closing net book amount              24,654         35,203           398            1,450            2,413      11,177      75,295

At December 31, 2024
Cost                                 28,556         51,714            739            2,937           7,321      11,177     102,444
Accumulated depreciation              (3,902)      (16,511)          (341)          (1,487)         (4,908)          –      (27,149)
Closing net book amount              24,654         35,203           398            1,450            2,413      11,177      75,295




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025        147
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 12 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

                                                                                 Furniture,
                                                  Plant and Transportation    fixtures and  Leasehold
                                     Buildings   machinery      equipment      equipment improvements           CIP      Total
                                      USD’000      USD’000        USD’000         USD’000     USD’000       USD’000    USD’000

  Year ended December 31, 2025
  Opening net book amount              24,654       35,203             398         1,450         2,413       11,177      75,295
  Additions                               204        5,394             297           346           257       23,869      30,367
  Transfers                             9,106       21,368               –           618         1,420      (32,512)          –
  Disposals                              (354)      (1,860)            (42)          (26)            –            –      (2,282)
  Depreciation                         (2,080)      (6,590)           (139)         (574)       (1,474)           –     (10,857)
  Impairment charge                         –         (469)              –             –             –            –        (469)
  Currency translation differences        655        1,316              41            61            83          550       2,706
  Closing net book amount              32,185       54,362            555          1,875        2,699         3,084     94,760

  At December 31, 2025
  Cost                                 38,632       77,464           1,040         3,970         9,223        3,084    133,413
  Accumulated amortisation             (6,447)     (22,633)           (485)       (2,095)       (6,524)           –    (38,184)
  Impairment                                –         (469)              –             –             –            –       (469)
  Closing net book amount              32,185       54,362            555          1,875        2,699         3,084     94,760


 As at December 31, 2025, the Group has pledged certain property, plants and equipment including CIP and plant and
 machinery in Brazil with a net carrying amount of BRL28,036,000 (equivalent to approximately USD5,097,000) (2024:
 BRL11,377,000 (equivalent to approximately USD1,871,000)) for the banking facilities granted to a subsidiary of the
 Group to finance the subsidiary’s daily working capital and capital expenditure plans (Note 26).

 Depreciation expenses were charged to the following categories in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
 income:

                                                                                              Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                            December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                USD’000              USD’000

  Cost of revenue                                                                                   6,733               4,498
  Selling and marketing expenses                                                                      926               1,234
  Administrative expenses                                                                           2,500               2,664
  Research and development expenses                                                                   698                 463
                                                                                                   10,857               8,859




148   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

13 Right-of-use assets

                                   Office premises     Equipments      Land use rights        Total
                                           USD’000        USD’000            USD’000        USD’000

At January 1, 2024 (Restated)
Cost                                         9,789               –              8,389         18,178
Accumulated depreciation                    (3,355)              –               (812)         (4,167)
Net book amount                             6,434                –              7,577         14,011

Year ended December 31, 2024
Opening net book amount                     6,434               –               7,577         14,011
Additions                                   4,333           4,771                   –          9,104
Early termination of lease
  contracts                                     (11)              –                 –             (11)
Depreciation                                (2,904)         (1,590)              (167)        (4,661)
Currency translation differences              (375)             (34)             (110)          (519)
Closing net book amount                     7,477           3,147               7,300         17,924

At December 31, 2024
Cost                                       11,524            4,721              8,265         24,510
Accumulated depreciation                    (4,047)         (1,574)              (965)         (6,586)
Net book amount                             7,477           3,147               7,300         17,924

Year ended December 31, 2025
Opening net book amount                     7,477           3,147               7,300         17,924
Additions                                   6,554               –                   –          6,554
Early termination of lease
  contracts                                      –              –              (3,068)        (3,068)
Depreciation                                (3,390)        (1,646)               (131)        (5,167)
Currency translation differences               459            108                 117            684
Closing net book amount                    11,100           1,609               4,218         16,927

At December 31, 2025
Cost                                       15,793           4,829               4,886         25,508
Accumulated amortisation                   (4,693)         (3,220)               (668)        (8,581)
Net book amount                            11,100           1,609               4,218         16,927




                                                                               Annual Report 2025   149
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 13 Right-of-use assets (Continued)

 Depreciation expenses were charged to the following categories in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
 income:

                                                                                           Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                         December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                             USD’000              USD’000

  Cost of revenue                                                                               3,129                2,679
  Selling and marketing expenses                                                                  886                  782
  Administrative expenses                                                                         858                  914
  Research and development expenses                                                               294                  286
                                                                                                5,167                4,661


 14 Intangible assets

                                                                            Customer
                                     Goodwill    Software      Patents    relationship       Brand    Technology      Total
                                     USD’000     USD’000      USD’000         USD’000      USD’000      USD’000     USD’000

  At January 1, 2024 (Restated)
  Cost                                 8,267        5,388       1,120           3,458        1,132         7,427     26,792
  Accumulated amortization                 –       (2,374)       (416)           (539)        (217)         (707)     (4,253)
  Net book amount                      8,267        3,014         704           2,919         915          6,720     22,539

  Year ended December 31, 2024
  Opening net book amount               8,267       3,014         704           2,919          915         6,720     22,539
  Acquisition of a subsidiary             281            –           –              –          548             –         829
  Additions                                 –         855            –              –            –             –         855
  Amortization                              –        (628)       (108)           (517)        (208)         (678)     (2,139)
  Currency translation differences     (1,647)         (84)        (20)          (499)        (168)       (1,301)     (3,719)
  Closing net book amount              6,901        3,157         576           1,903        1,087         4,741     18,365

  At December 31, 2024
  Cost                                 6,901        6,182       1,088           2,813        1,450         5,926     24,360
  Accumulated amortization                 –       (3,025)       (512)           (910)        (363)       (1,185)     (5,995)
  Net book amount                      6,901        3,157         576           1,903        1,087         4,741     18,365




150   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

14 Intangible assets (Continued)

                                                                         Customer
                                    Goodwill    Software    Patents    relationship       Brand    Technology      Total
                                    USD’000     USD’000     USD’000        USD’000      USD’000       USD’000    USD’000
                                     Note (a)

 Year ended December 31, 2025
 Opening net book amount               6,901       3,157        576          1,903        1,087         4,741     18,365
 Additions                                 –         913        322              –            –             –      1,235
 Amortization                              –        (864)      (144)          (495)        (253)         (647)    (2,403)
 Currency translation differences        689         101         16            184           67           492      1,549
 Closing net book amount               7,590       3,307       770           1,592         901          4,586     18,746

 At December 31, 2025
 Cost                                  7,590       7,290      1,441          3,096        1,559         6,551     27,527
 Accumulated amortization                  –      (3,983)      (671)        (1,504)        (658)       (1,965)    (8,781)
 Net book amount                       7,590       3,307       770           1,592         901          4,586     18,746


Amortization expenses were charged to the following categories in the consolidated statement of comprehensive
income:

                                                                                        Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                      December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                          USD’000              USD’000

 Cost of revenue                                                                                15                   11
 Selling and marketing expenses                                                                147                  141
 Administrative expenses                                                                     2,015                1,819
 Research and development expenses                                                             226                  168
                                                                                             2,403                2,139


(a) Impairment tests for goodwill arising from business combinations
     Goodwill of USD7,590,000 arising from business combinations has been allocated to the CGU or group of CGUs
     of subsidiaries acquired for impairment testing. Management performed an impairment assessment on the
     goodwill as at December 31, 2025. The goodwill (net book amount) is allocated in CGUs as follows:

                                                                                        Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                      December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                          USD’000              USD’000

      Aditek                                                                                 6,886                6,229
      Others                                                                                   704                  672
                                                                                             7,590                6,901




                                                                                            Annual Report 2025         151
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 14 Intangible assets (Continued)

 (a) Impairment tests for goodwill arising from business combinations (Continued)
      The recoverable amount of the CGUs is determined based on value-in-use calculations. The calculation of
      goodwill on the CGUs uses cash flow projections based on financial estimates made by the Directors, with
      reference to the prevailing market conditions. Forecast period is determined based on the business model and
      the current stage of individual CGUs.

      Based on management’s assessment results, there was no impairment of goodwill as at December 31, 2025 and
      2024 and any reasonable change to the key assumptions would not lead to an impairment.

      The following table sets out the key assumptions of the calculation on the Aditek CGU:

                                                                                    Year ended       Year ended
                                                                                  December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                          2025             2024
       Forecast period                                                                 5 years          5 years
       Revenue growth rate                                                         8.0%-47.1%       9.7%-57.8%
       Gross profit margins                                                       47.3%-55.7%      51.2%-55.8%
       Terminal growth rate                                                              2.9%             3.0%
       Pre-tax discount rate                                                            24.1%            24.2%

      The expected revenue growth rates are following the business plan approved by the Group. The budgeted
      gross profit margin used in the goodwill impairment testing are determined by the management based on past
      performance and its expectation for market development. Pre-tax discount rates reflect market assessments of
      the time value and the specific risks relating to the industry.

 15 Financial instruments by category

                                                                                        As at            As at
                                                                                  December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                                      USD’000          USD’000
  Financial assets
  Financial assets at amortized cost
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                             126,706         227,103
  Restricted cash                                                                           510              99
  Term deposits with initial terms over three months                                    318,237         126,293
  Trade and other receivables excluding non-financial assets                             39,951          26,448
                                                                                        485,404         379,943
  Financial assets at FVPL                                                               85,439         136,393
                                                                                        570,843         516,336
  Financial liabilities
  Financial liabilities at amortized cost
  Other non-current financial liabilities                                                32,812           34,015
  Trade and other payables excluding non-financial liabilities                           39,421           23,905
  Lease liabilities                                                                      13,786           11,135
  Bank borrowings                                                                         2,517            3,348
                                                                                         88,536           72,403




152   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

16 Trade and other receivables and prepayments

                                                            As at           As at
                                                      December 31,    December 31,
                                                             2025           2024
                                                          USD’000         USD’000

Included in current assets
Trade receivables (Note (a))
  – Due from third parties                                  37,400          17,979
  – Due from related parties (Note 35(d))                      321             282
                                                            37,721          18,261
Less: allowance for impairment of trade receivables         (7,441)          (3,823)
                                                            30,280          14,438
Other receivables (Note (b))
  – Receivables from payment platforms                       2,492             590
  – Deposits receivables                                     2,328           1,787
  – Loans to third parties                                   4,809           4,706
  – Others                                                   2,256           1,967
                                                            11,885           9,050
Less: allowance for impairment of other receivables         (5,553)           (788)
                                                             6,332           8,262
Prepayments for
  – Taxes                                                    6,106           5,405
  – Suppliers                                               11,991           8,279
                                                            18,097          13,684
                                                            54,709          36,384

Included in non-current assets
Trade receivables (Note (a))
  – Due from third parties                                    198              251
Less: allowance for impairment of trade receivables             –                (15)
                                                              198              236
Other receivables (Note (b))
  – Loans provided to employees                              3,169           3,544
Less: allowance for impairment of other receivables            (28)             (32)
                                                             3,141           3,512
Prepayments for
  – Suppliers                                                4,787           4,799
  – Property, plant and equipment                            2,568             620
                                                             7,355           5,419
                                                            10,694           9,167




                                                            Annual Report 2025     153
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 16 Trade and other receivables and prepayments (Continued)

 (a)   Trade receivables mainly arise from rendering of clear aligner treatment solutions. The Group generally received advances
       prior to the rendering of services or sales, while certain customers are mainly given a credit term of 30 to 60 days.


       The following is an aging analysis of trade receivables presented based on invoice date:


                                                                                                          As at                  As at
                                                                                                 December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                          2025                   2024
                                                                                                       USD’000                 USD’000

        Within a year                                                                                   30,459                  13,284
        1 to 2 years                                                                                      3,048                  2,037
        2 to 3 years                                                                                      1,292                   289
        Over 3 years                                                                                      3,120                  2,902
                                                                                                        37,919                  18,512


       The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by IFRS 9. Movements in the
       provision for impairment of trade receivables are disclosed in Note 3.1(b).


       Trade receivables are denominated in the following currencies.


                                                                                                          As at                  As at
                                                                                                 December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                          2025                   2024
                                                                                                       USD’000                 USD’000

        RMB                                                                                             15,937                   9,484
        EUR                                                                                               6,828                    73
        BRL                                                                                               5,229                  3,698
        Australian Dollar (“AUD”)                                                                         2,936                  2,275
        CAD                                                                                               2,800                     –
        USD                                                                                               1,452                   901
        Great Britain Pound                                                                               1,378                   466
        Swiss Franc                                                                                         329                   546
        JPY                                                                                                 317                   739
        PLN                                                                                                 309                     –
        HKD                                                                                                 215                   128
        New Zealand Dollar                                                                                  189                   202
                                                                                                        37,919                  18,512




154    Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

16 Trade and other receivables and prepayments (Continued)

      As at December 31, 2024, the Group has pledged certain trade receivables in Brazil with a carrying amount of BRL13,734,000
      (equivalent to approximately USD2,259,000) for the banking facilities granted to the subsidiary of the Group to finance the
      subsidiary’s daily working capital and capital expenditure plans (Note 26). As at December 31, 2025, no trade receivables are
      pledged.


(b)   All other receivables excluding loans receivables were unsecured, interest-free and collectable on demand.


      Other receivables are denominated in the following currencies.


                                                                                                     As at                  As at
                                                                                            December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                     2025                   2024
                                                                                                 USD’000                USD’000

      USD                                                                                           5,954                  3,635
      RMB                                                                                           6,466                  5,100
      EUR                                                                                           1,355                    710
      BRL                                                                                              87                    112
      Others                                                                                        1,192                  3,037
                                                                                                   15,054                 12,594


17 Cash and cash equivalents, term deposits and restricted cash

                                                                                                As at                    As at
                                                                                          December 31,             December 31,
                                                                                                 2025                    2024
                                                                                              USD’000                  USD’000

 Included in current assets
 Cash at banks                                                                                   126,704                227,102
 Cash on hand                                                                                          2                      1
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                                       126,706                227,103

 Term deposits with initial terms over three months                                              258,992                111,948

 Restricted cash                                                                                      510                     99

 Included in non-current assets
 Term deposits with initial terms over three months                                               59,245                 14,345


The conversion of RMB denominated balances into foreign currencies and the remittance of cash and cash
equivalents out of the PRC are subject to relevant rules and regulation of foreign exchange control promulgated by the
PRC government.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025           155
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 17 Cash and cash equivalents, term deposits and restricted cash (Continued)

 (a) Cash and cash equivalents, term deposits and restricted cash were denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                      As at                As at
                                                                                December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                    USD’000              USD’000

       USD                                                                            309,019              251,037
       RMB                                                                             87,929               75,839
       Others                                                                          48,505               26,619
                                                                                      445,453              353,495


 18 Inventories

                                                                                      As at                As at
                                                                                December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                    USD’000              USD’000

  At cost:
  Raw materials                                                                        14,215               15,908
  Work in progress                                                                        865                  429
  Finished goods                                                                        5,145                2,262
                                                                                       20,225               18,599
  Less: Provision for impairment loss                                                  (3,249)                (239)
                                                                                       16,976               18,360


 The costs of inventories recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income are disclosed in Note 7.

 19 Financial assets at FVPL

                                                                                      As at                As at
                                                                                December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                    USD’000              USD’000

  Wealth management products with variable return (Note a)                             42,934               97,778
  Associates (Note b)                                                                   7,499                2,287
  Other investees (Note c)                                                             33,448               35,645
  Derivative financial assets (Note d)                                                  1,558                  683
                                                                                       85,439              136,393




156   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

19 Financial assets at FVPL (Continued)

(a) Wealth management products with variable return

                                                                                As at               As at
                                                                          December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                              USD’000             USD’000

    Balance at the beginning of the year                                         97,778             106,018
    Additions                                                                   540,505             597,401
    Realized fair value gains recognized in profit or loss                        4,094                3,421
    Disposals                                                                  (595,887)           (607,895)
    Currency translation differences                                             (3,556)              (1,167)
    Balance at the end of the year                                               42,934              97,778

    – Included in current assets                                                 42,934              97,778


(b) Associates

                                                                                As at               As at
                                                                          December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                              USD’000             USD’000

    Balance at the beginning of the year                                          2,287                    –
    Addition                                                                      3,783               2,112
    Unrealized fair value gains recognized in profit or loss                      1,296                 202
    Currency translation differences                                                133                  (27)
    Balance at the end of the year                                                7,499               2,287
    – Included in non-current assets                                              7,499               2,287


   All investments in associates measured at fair value through profit or loss are in the form of convertible
   redeemable preferred instruments or ordinary shares with preferential rights.




                                                                                  Annual Report 2025       157
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 19 Financial assets at FVPL (Continued)

 (c) Other investees

                                                                         As at           As at
                                                                   December 31,    December 31,
                                                                          2025           2024
                                                                       USD’000         USD’000

       Balance at the beginning of the year                              35,645          34,206
       Additions                                                          5,401            3,408
       Unrealized fair value losses recognized in profit or loss         (7,876)          (1,865)
       Currency translation differences                                     278             (104)
       Balance at the end of the year                                    33,448          35,645
       – Included in non-current assets                                  33,448          35,645


 (d) Derivative financial assets

                                                                         As at           As at
                                                                   December 31,    December 31,
                                                                          2025           2024
                                                                       USD’000         USD’000

       Balance at the beginning of the year                                 683           1,214
       Additions                                                          1,842               –
       Unrealized fair value losses recognized in profit or loss         (1,067)           (322)
       Currency translation differences                                     100            (209)
       Balance at the end of the year                                     1,558             683
       – Included in non-current assets                                   1,558             683




158   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

20 Investments accounted for using the equity method

                                                                                   As at               As at
                                                                             December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                 USD’000             USD’000

 Joint ventures (Note a)                                                            11,629               3,773
 Associate (Note b)                                                                  1,472               1,464
                                                                                    13,101               5,237


(a) Investments in joint ventures

                                                                                   As at               As at
                                                                             December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                 USD’000             USD’000

     Balance at the beginning of the year                                            3,773               1,924
     Additions                                                                       8,406               2,111
     Share of results of the joint ventures                                           (792)                 (55)
     Disposals                                                                           –                  (46)
     Currency translation differences                                                  242                (161)
     At the end of the year                                                         11,629               3,773


(b) Investment in associates

                                                                                   As at               As at
                                                                             December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                 USD’000             USD’000

     Balance at the beginning of the year                                            1,464                 797
     Additions                                                                           –                 706
     Share of results of an associate                                                  (25)                 (17)
     Currency translation differences                                                   33                  (22)
     At the end of the year                                                          1,472               1,464


    All investments in the form of ordinary shares with significant influence are accounted for using the equity
    method of accounting, after initially being recognized at cost.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2025        159
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 20 Investments accounted for using the equity method (Continued)

 (c) There were no individually material joint venture and associate that are accounted for using the equity method
      as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. The joint ventures and associates have share capital consisting solely of
      ordinary shares, which are held directly by the Group and the Group’s proportion of ownership interest is the
      same as the proportion of voting rights held by the Group. There were no contingent liabilities relating to the
      Group’s interest in the joint ventures and associates as at December 31, 2025.

 21 Share capital and premium and shares held for employee share scheme

 (a) Share capital and premium

                                                                                   Nominal
                                                             Number of             value of
                                                              ordinary             ordinary             Share              Share
                                                                shares               shares            capital          premium
                                                                                       USD            USD’000            USD’000

          At January 1, 2024 (Restated)                    169,097,784               16,910                  17          439,086
          New shares issued for options exercised               120,000                   12                   *            307
          Shares issued for restricted share
            award scheme                                        826,941                   83                  –                –
          Dividends                                                    –                    –                 –          (23,837)
          Repurchase and cancellation of shares                  (19,400)                  (2)                *             (130)
          At December 31, 2024                             170,025,325               17,003                  17          415,426

          At January 1, 2025                               170,025,325               17,003                  17         415,426
          New shares issued for options exercised (i)             10,377                   1                   *             99
          Shares issued for restricted share
            award scheme (ii)                                   736,920                   74                  –                –
          Dividends (iii)                                             –                    –                  –          (18,340)
          At December 31, 2025                             170,772,622               17,078                  17         397,185


      *      The balance represents an amount less than USD1,000.


      (i)    On October 21, 2025, 10,377 shares of the Company were issued for the exercise of a senior management’s option
             with exercise price of HKD52.55 per share. The consideration received amounting to HKD545,000 (equivalent to
             approximately USD70,000) and share-based compensation expenses recorded in other reserves during the vesting
             period were transferred to share capital and share premium.


      (ii)   On June 26, 2025, the Company issued and allotted 736,920 shares to Cultivate Happiness Limited (the “Trustee”), an
             entity held by a trustee entrusted by the Group for the purpose of the Post-IPO RSU Scheme (Note 23(a)).




160   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

21 Share capital and premium and shares held for employee share scheme (Continued)

(a) Share capital and premium (continued)
   (iii)   On August 25 2025, the Board announced the payment of a special interim dividend of HKD0.46 per share (equivalent
           to approximately USD10,025,000) for the six months ended June 30, 2025 out of the share premium account of the
           Company, which was paid on September 30, 2025.


           On March 20 2025, the Board recommended the payment of a special final dividend of HKD0.38 per share (equivalent to
           approximately USD8,315,000) for the year ended December 31, 2024 out of the share premium account of the Company,
           which was approved by the shareholders of the Company at the annual general meeting held on May 23, 2025 and paid
           on July 17, 2025.


(b) Shares held for employee share scheme

                                                                                             As at                 As at
                                                                                       December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                           USD’000               USD’000

       Balance at the beginning of the year                                                          *                     *
       Shares issued for restricted share award scheme (Note 23(a))                                  *                     *
       Transfer of shares held for employee share scheme upon vesting                                *                     *
       Balance at the end of the year                                                                *                     *


   *       The balance represents an amount less than USD1,000.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2025           161
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 22 Other reserves

                                                                   Share-based      Currency
                                           Capital   Statutory        payment     translation    Put option
                                         reserves     reserves         reserves      reserves     liabilities    Others     Total
                                         USD’000       USD’000         USD’000       USD’000       USD’000      USD’000   USD’000
                                                      (Note (a))      (Note 23)

  Balance at January 1, 2024              (29,563)      15,196          32,516       (12,061)       (41,713)        48    (35,577)
  Currency translation differences              –            –               –         (4,248)            –          –      (4,248)
  Changes in put option liabilities in
    respect of non-controlling
    interests                                   –             –              –             –          7,698          –      7,698
  New shares issued for options
    exercised                                   –             –           (163)            –               –         –       (163)
  Share-based payments (Note 23)                –             –         11,290             –               –         –     11,290
  Appropriation to statutory
    reserves (Note (a))                         –        3,165               –             –               –         –      3,165
  Balance at December 31, 2024            (29,563)      18,361          43,643       (16,309)       (34,015)        48    (17,835)

  Balance at January 1, 2025              (29,563)      18,361          43,643       (16,309)       (34,015)        48    (17,835)
  Currency translation differences              –            –               –         4,736              –          –      4,736
  Changes in put option liabilities in
    respect of non-controlling
    interests                                   –             –              –             –          1,203          –      1,203
  New shares issued for options
    exercised                                   –             –            (29)            –               –         –        (29)
  Share-based payments (Note 23)                –             –          9,133             –               –         –      9,133
  Appropriation to statutory
    reserves (Note (a))                         –        3,599               –             –               –         –      3,599
  Balance at December 31, 2025            (29,563)      21,960          52,747       (11,573)       (32,812)        48        807




162   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

22 Other reserves (Continued)

(a)   In accordance with the PRC Company Law and the articles of association of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries, the PRC subsidiaries
      are required to appropriate 10% of their profits after tax, as determined in accordance with Accounting Standards for
      Business Enterprises and other applicable regulations, to the statutory surplus reserve until such reserve reaches 50% of its
      registered capital. The appropriation to the reserve must be made before any distribution of dividends to shareholders of the
      PRC subsidiaries. Apart from the statutory surplus reserve, discretionary surplus reserve can be appropriated according to
      the resolution of shareholders’ meeting. The surplus reserve can be used to offset previous years’ losses, if any, and part of
      the statutory surplus reserve can be capitalized as the PRC subsidiaries’ capital provided that the amount of surplus reserve
      remaining after the capitalization shall not be less than 25% of its capital.


23 Share-based payments

(a) The Post-IPO RSU Schemes
      The Post-IPO RSU Scheme was conditionally approved and adopted by the Shareholders on May 20, 2021 and
      amended on June 29, 2023, June 28, 2024 and August 25 2025.

      The number of restricted shares granted to the Group’s eligible participants is summarized as follows:

                                                                                                Number of restricted shares
                                                                                                 Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                         2025                    2024

        Outstanding as at the beginning of the year                                                1,008,639                  757,856
        Granted (i)                                                                                  809,895                  826,941
        Vested                                                                                      (706,238)                (531,700)
        Lapsed                                                                                       (34,507)                  (44,458)
        Outstanding as at the end of the year                                                      1,077,789               1,008,639


      (i)   Pursuant to the Post-IPO RSU Scheme, 72,975 shares were granted to 50 eligible participants on March 21, 2025. The
            restricted share units will be vested based on the following schedule for the relevant financial year: (i) For 25,800 granted
            shares, 30%, 30%, 20% and 20% shall vest on the dates of September 30, 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively.
            (ii) 47,175 RSUs granted shall vest in three tranches of 50%, 25% and 25% on the second, the third and the fourth
            anniversary of the hire date of the RSU Granted, respectively.


            Pursuant to the Post-IPO RSU Scheme, 736,920 shares were further granted to 231 eligible participants on June 24,
            2025. The restricted share units will be vested based on the following schedule for the relevant financial year: For
            736,920 granted shares, 30%, 30%, 20% and 20% shall vest on the dates of September 30, 2025, 2026, 2027 and 2028,
            respectively.


            The fair value of the restricted shares at grant date was determined with reference to the market price of the Company’s
            shares on the respective grant dates.


            During the year ended 31 December 2025, the fair value of granted shares was USD6,011,000 for the Post-IPO RSU
            Scheme. (2024: USD6,318,000).




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025             163
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 23 Share-based payments (Continued)

 (a) The Post-IPO RSU Schemes (Continued)
      The outstanding restricted share as at 31 December 2025 were divided into three to seven tranches at their grant
      dates. The first tranche can be vested at a specified date or at the anniversary of the employment date of each
      grantee, and the remaining tranches will be vested in each subsequent year.

      The Group has to estimate the expected percentage of eligible participants that will stay within the Group (the
      “Expected Retention Rate”) of the restricted share award scheme in order to determine the amount of share-
      based payment expenses charged to the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. As at December 31,
      2025, the Expected Retention Rate was assessed to be 92% (2024: 92%).

 (b) The Post-IPO Share Option Schemes
      The Post-IPO Share Option Scheme was conditionally approved and adopted by the Group on May 20, 2021 and
      amended on June 29, 2023, January 28, 2024 and August 25 2025.

      (i)   Movements in the share options
            Movements in the number of share options outstanding and their related weighted average exercise prices
            are as follows:

                                                                                    Year ended December 31,
                                                                             2025                               2024
                                                                     Average                             Average
                                                                exercise price    Number of        exercise price       Number of
                                                                         HKD        options                 HKD           options

              Outstanding as at the beginning of the year               93.55         3,056,396           100.06         3,158,646
              Granted (I)                                               56.53           157,422            58.75            60,000
              Granted for Modification (II)                             64.50         1,122,013            77.63           827,750
              Exercised (III)                                           52.55           (10,377)               –                 –
              Cancelled (II)                                            92.16        (1,471,435)          100.06          (990,000)
              Outstanding as at the end of the year                     80.95         2,854,019            93.55         3,056,396

              Exercisable as at the end of the year                     95.28         1,564,810           100.06          789,662


            (I)   On January 17, 2025, the Board announced that to provide long-term motivation to key employees, the Company
                  granted 34,590 options to one grantee with rights to subscribe for an aggregate of 34,590 shares upon exercise
                  of such options in accordance with the terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to acceptance of the
                  option grantee.


                  On June 24, 2025, the Board announced that to provide long-term motivation to key employees, the Company
                  granted 122,832 options to two grantees with rights to subscribe for an aggregate of 122,832 shares upon exercise
                  of such options in accordance with the terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme, subject to acceptance of the
                  option grantee.




164   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

23 Share-based payments (Continued)

(b) The Post-IPO Share Option Schemes (Continued)
   (i)   Movements in the share options (Continued)
         (II)    On November 24, 2025 (the “Modification Date”), the Board announced that after taking into consideration of the
                 market conditions and to further incentivize and retain the relevant grantees to continuously contribute to the
                 development of the Company, the Board resolved to cancel 919,324 and 552,111 unvested options granted on April
                 28, 2023 and, April 30, 2024 (the “Old Options”) and re-grant to them 1,122,013 new options (the “New Options”) in
                 accordance with the terms and conditions of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme (the “Cancellation and Re-Grant”).


                 The above transaction was considered as modification of share-based payment. The Group accounts for the
                 incremental fair value of the New Options (compared with the Old Options) at the date of modification and it
                 would spread this amount over the remaining vesting period of the New Options which is same with that of the
                 Old Options. The Group uses the binomial option pricing model in determining the estimated fair value of the New
                 Options and Old Options, and there is no incremental fair value.


         (III)   On October 21, 2025, 10,377 shares of the Company were issued for the exercise of a senior management’s option
                 with exercise price of HKD52.55 per share. The consideration received amounting to HKD545,000 and share-based
                 compensation expenses recorded in other reserves during the vesting period were transferred to share capital and
                 share premium.


   (ii) Outstanding in the share options
         Details of the expiry dates, exercise prices and the respective numbers of share options which remained
         outstanding as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024 are as follows:

           Grant Date                  Expiry date                          Exercise price      Number of share options
                                                                                                    As at            As at
                                                                                              December 31, December 31,
                                                                                                     2025            2024

           28 April 2023               28 April 2033                            HKD100.06          1,249,322          2,168,646
           30 April 2024               30 April 2034                             HKD79.00            275,639            827,750
           17 July 2024                17 July 2034                              HKD58.75             60,000             60,000
           17 January 2025             17 January 2035                           HKD52.55             24,213                  –
           24 June 2025                24 June 2035                              HKD57.65            122,832                  –
           24 November 2025            24 November 2035                          HKD64.50          1,122,013                  –
                                                                                                   2,854,019          3,056,396


         The outstanding share options as at 31 December 2025 were divided into three to seven tranches at their
         grant dates. The first tranche can be exercised at a specified date and then the remaining tranches will
         become exercisable in each subsequent year.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025            165
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 23 Share-based payments (Continued)

 (b) The Post-IPO Share Option Schemes (Continued)
      (iii) Fair value of options
           The Group uses the binomial option pricing model in determining the estimated fair value of the options
           granted, which was to be expensed over the relevant vesting period. The weighted average fair value of
           options granted during the year ended 31 December, 2025 was USD3.29 per share. (31 December, 2024:
           USD4.27 per share).

           Other than the exercise price mentioned above, the other significant inputs into the binomial valuation
           model were listed as below:

                                                                                  Year ended December 31,
                                                                                       2025                 2024

            Weighted average share price at the grant date                         HKD61.89           HKD77.48
            Risk-free rate                                                      2.38%-3.75%        3.27%-3.89%
            Dividend yield                                                      1.05%-1.23%              1.00%
            Expected volatility                                                40.63%-40.91%    40.00%-45.29%


 (c) Share-based compensation expenses
      The total share-based compensation expenses recognized are as follows:

                                                                                  Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                    USD’000            USD’000

       Expenses arising from equity-settled share-based
         payment transactions                                                          9,133              11,290


 24 Retained earnings

                                                                                  Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                    USD’000            USD’000
  At the beginning of the year                                                        76,495              67,546
  Profit for the year                                                                 28,437              12,114
  Appropriation to statutory reserves                                                 (3,599)              (3,165)
  At the end of the year                                                             101,333              76,495




166   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

25 Trade and other payables

                                                                                                 As at                 As at
                                                                                           December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                               USD’000               USD’000

 Employee benefits payable                                                                        28,794                 26,919
 Other taxes payable                                                                              13,367                  9,944
 Trade payables (Note (a))                                                                        11,128                  9,530
 Accrued expenses payable                                                                          9,237                  6,480
 Payables in relation with acquisition of non-current assets                                       9,151                  3,574
 Accrued professional service fees payable                                                         3,615                  1,220
 Deposits payable                                                                                  3,322                  3,078
 Accrued advertising and promotion expense payable                                                 2,753                    958
 Provision for contingencies                                                                         994                    760
 Others                                                                                              304                    969
                                                                                                  82,665                 63,432


(a)   The credit period granted by suppliers mainly ranges from 30 to 60 days. The following is an aging analysis of trade payables
      presented based on the invoice date:


                                                                                                       As at                As at
                                                                                            December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                                 USD’000                USD’000

      Within a year                                                                                   10,400               9,016
      Over 1 year                                                                                       728                  514
                                                                                                      11,128               9,530


      The carrying amount of the Group’s trade payables is denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                       As at                As at
                                                                                            December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                                 USD’000                USD’000

      RMB                                                                                              6,624               5,909
      EUR                                                                                                77                   43
      Others                                                                                           4,427               3,578
                                                                                                      11,128               9,530


(b)   As at December 31, 2025, trade and other payables of the Group were interest-free.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025            167
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 26 Bank borrowings

                                                                                     As at                As at
                                                                               December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                   USD’000              USD’000

  Included in current liabilities:
  Bank borrowing, secured                                                              1,779                2,860
  Included in non-current liabilities:
  Bank borrowing, secured                                                                738                 488
                                                                                       2,517                3,348


 Assets pledged as security
 The bank borrowings are secured by the Group’s trade receivables and property, plants and equipment in Brazil. The
 carrying amounts of assets pledged as security for current and non-current borrowings were as follows:

                                                                                     As at                As at
                                                                               December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                   USD’000              USD’000

  Current
  – Trade receivables                                                                       –               2,259
  Non-current
  – Property, plant and equipment                                                      5,097                1,871
  Total assets pledged as security                                                     5,097                4,130


 At December 31, 2025, the Group’s borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                                     As at                As at
                                                                               December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                   USD’000              USD’000

  Within 1 year                                                                        1,779                2,860
  Between 1 and 2 years                                                                  439                  488
  Between 2 and 5 years                                                                  299                    –
                                                                                       2,517                3,348


 As at December 31, 2025, the Group’s bank borrowings bear interests at fixed interest rates ranging from 5% to 7%
 (2024: 6% to 9%) per annum.

 The Group has complied with all loan covenants (including financial and non-financial) throughout the reporting
 period.




168   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

27 Other non-current liabilities

                                                                                                As at                   As at
                                                                                          December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                                              USD’000                 USD’000

      – Redemption liability (Note (a))                                                           32,812                 34,015
      – Taxes payable                                                                                153                    353
                                                                                                  32,965                 34,368


(a)    It mainly comprised redemption liability arising from put option arrangements with non-controlling shareholders of Aditek of
       approximately USD31,356,000 (2024: USD34,015,000).


28 Contract liabilities

The Group has recognized the following revenue-related contract liabilities:

                                                                                                As at                   As at
                                                                                          December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                                              USD’000                 USD’000

 Included in current liabilities
 Clear aligner treatment solutions                                                                40,506                 42,291
 Sales of clear aligners                                                                          35,742                 14,273
 Other services                                                                                       50                    108
                                                                                                  76,298                 56,672

 Included in non-current liabilities
 Clear aligner treatment solutions                                                                15,850                 18,291
 Sales of clear aligners                                                                          27,718                  2,877
                                                                                                  43,568                 21,168


(a) Significant changes in contract liabilities
       Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arose from the advance payments made by customers while the
       underlying goods or services are yet to be provided. During the year, the contract liabilities increased due to
       increase in number of new contracts entered with customers compared with the year 2024, which resulted in
       increase in advanced payments received.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025            169
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 28 Contract liabilities (Continued)

 (b) Revenue recognized in relation to contract liabilities
      The following table shows the revenue recognized during the year relates to carried-forward contract liabilities.

                                                                                         As at                 As at
                                                                                   December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                                       USD’000               USD’000

       Revenue recognized that was included in the contract
         liabilities balance at the beginning of the year
         – Clear aligner treatment solutions                                               42,291               52,092
         – Sales of clear aligners                                                         14,273               11,409
         – Other services                                                                     108                  118
                                                                                           56,672               63,619


 29 Lease liabilities

                                                                                         As at                 As at
                                                                                   December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                                       USD’000               USD’000

  Minimum lease payments due
   – Within 1 year                                                                          5,697                4,632
   – Between 1 and 2 years                                                                  3,549                3,647
   – Between 2 and 5 years                                                                  5,362                3,205
   – Over 5 years                                                                             445                  621
                                                                                           15,053               12,105
  Less: future finance charges                                                             (1,267)                (970)
  Present value of lease liabilities                                                       13,786               11,135

  Within 1 year                                                                             5,100                4,176
  Between 1 and 2 years                                                                     3,206                3,397
  Between 2 and 5 years                                                                     5,043                2,965
  Over 5 years                                                                                437                  597
                                                                                           13,786               11,135




170   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

29 Lease liabilities (Continued)

                                                                                 As at               As at
                                                                           December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                               USD’000             USD’000

 Interest expense (included in finance costs-net)                                    609                 659

 Variable terms lease expenditure for equipment                                      233                  19
 Short-term lease expenditure for office premises,
   dormitories and equipment                                                         438                 110
                                                                                     671                 129

 Cash outflow for lease payments                                                   5,444               5,357
 Cash outflow for short-term lease and variable terms lease                          175                 129
                                                                                   5,619               5,486


The Group leases various properties and equipment to operate its businesses and these lease liabilities were
measured at net present value of the lease payments during the lease terms that are not yet paid. No extension
options are included in such property and equipment leases across the Group.

30 Deferred income

                                                                                 As at               As at
                                                                           December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                               USD’000             USD’000

 Included in non-current liabilities
 Deferred Income
   – To be realized within 12 months                                                 465                 451
   – To be realized after more than 12 months                                      3,397               3,789
                                                                                   3,862               4,240




                                                                                   Annual Report 2025       171
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 31 Deferred income tax

 (a) Deferred tax assets
      The analysis of deferred tax assets is as follows:

                                                                                                                  As at                   As at
                                                                                                            December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                                   2025                   2024
                                                                                                                USD’000                 USD’000

        The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
        Unused tax losses                                                                                              6,028                 4,021
        Accrued expenses                                                                                               1,788                 1,699
        Lease liabilities                                                                                              1,410                 1,550
        Deferred income                                                                                                  579                   636
        Impairment on financial assets                                                                                   554                   384
        Employee benefits                                                                                                 81                    42
        Others                                                                                                             5                   719
        Total deferred tax assets                                                                                     10,445                 9,051
        Total deferred tax assets
        – to be recovered within 12 months                                                                             1,938                 2,386
        – to be recovered after more than 12 months                                                                    8,507                 6,665
                                                                                                                      10,445                  9,051
        Offsetting against deferred tax liabilities (i)                                                               (2,805)                (1,560)
        Net deferred tax assets                                                                                        7,640                 7,491


      (i)    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right of offsetting and when the deferred
             income taxes relate to the same authority.


      The movement in deferred tax assets is as follows:

                                                                                                      Impairment
                                                 Unused tax     Accrued         Lease     Deferred    on financial    Employee
                                                     losses    expenses     liabilities    income           assets     benefits    Others      Total
                                                   USD’000      USD’000      USD’000      USD’000        USD’000       USD’000    USD’000    USD’000

        As at January 1, 2024 (Restated)              3,478           –         1,131         683             675            –       485       6,452
        Credited/(charged) to the consolidated
          statements of comprehensive income            874       1,717           459          (37)          (284)          42        358      3,129
        Currency translation differences               (331)         (18)          (40)        (10)             (7)          –       (124)      (530)
        As at December 31, 2024                       4,021       1,699         1,550         636             384           42       719       9,051

        As at January 1, 2025                         4,021       1,699         1,550         636             384           42       719       9,051
        Credited/(charged) to the consolidated
          statements of comprehensive income          1,761          49          (196)         (70)           160           37       (770)      971
        Currency translation differences                246          40            56           13             10            2         56       423
        As at December 31, 2025                       6,028       1,788         1,410         579             554           81          5     10,445




172   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

31 Deferred income tax (Continued)

(a) Deferred tax assets (Continued)
    Deferred tax assets are recognized for tax losses carry-forward to the extent that the realization of the related
    tax benefits through the future taxable profits is probable. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group did
    not recognize deferred tax assets in respect of losses amounting to USD13,808,000 (2024: USD23,753,000) due
    to the unpredictability of future profit streams.

    The expiry of the deductible tax losses that are not recognized as deferred tax assets is analyzed below:

                                                                                                  As at                   As at
                                                                                            December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                   2025                   2024
                                                                                                USD’000                 USD’000

    Indefinite                                                                                      57,494                  56,429


(b) Deferred tax liabilities
    The analysis of deferred tax liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                  As at                   As at
                                                                                            December 31,            December 31,
                                                                                                   2025                   2024
                                                                                                USD’000                 USD’000

      The balance comprises temporary differences attributable to:
      Intangible assets                                                                              2,231                   2,434
      Right of use assets                                                                            1,988                   1,522
      Property, plant and equipment                                                                    113                     119
      Fair value changes on financial assets at FVPL                                                   207                      38
      Others                                                                                           608                       –
      Total deferred tax liabilities                                                                 5,147                   4,113

      Total deferred tax liabilities
      – to be recovered within 12 months                                                               478                     776
      – to be recovered after more than 12 months                                                    4,669                   3,337
                                                                                                      5,147                   4,113
      Offsetting against deferred tax assets (i)                                                     (2,805)                 (1,560)
      Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                   2,342                   2,553


    (i)   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right of offsetting and when the deferred
          income taxes relate to the same authority.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025            173
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 31 Deferred income tax (Continued)

 (b) Deferred tax liabilities (Continued)
      The movement in deferred tax liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                          Fair value
                                                                                         changes on
                                                                            Property,      financial
                                                Intangible     Right-of     plant and      assets at
                                                    assets   use assets    equipment           FVPL       Others     Total
                                                  USD’000      USD’000       USD’000        USD’000      USD’000   USD’000

       As at January 1, 2024 (Restated)             3,572        1,131           170            100           –      4,973
       (Charged)/credited to the consolidated
         statements of comprehensive income          (475)         431            (19)           (53)         –       (116)
       Currency translation differences              (663)          (40)          (32)             (9)        –       (744)
       As at December 31, 2024                      2,434        1,522           119             38           –      4,113

       As at January 1, 2025                        2,434        1,522           119             38           –      4,113
       (Charged)/credited to the consolidated
         statements of comprehensive income          (454)         402            (18)          166         601       697
       Currency translation differences               251           64             12             3           7       337
       As at December 31, 2025                      2,231        1,988           113            207         608      5,147


 32 Dividends

      The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HKD0.48 per share and a special final dividend
      of HKD4.99 per share for the year ended December 31, 2025 which is subject to the approval by the shareholders
      at the annual general meeting of the Company on May 19, 2026 (2024: a special final dividend of HKD0.38 per
      share).




174   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

33 Cash flow information

(a) Reconciliation of profit before income tax to cash generated from operations:

                                                                                  Year ended      Year ended
                                                                                December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                        2025            2024
                                                                                    USD’000         USD’000
      Profit before income tax                                                        31,692          11,667
      Adjustments for:
        Interest income (Note 9)                                                      (3,689)         (7,000)
        Interest on term deposits with initial terms over
           three months (Note 6)                                                      (9,945)         (8,252)
        Interest on loans to employees                                                   (43)           (137)
        Interest expense (Note 9)                                                      1,743           1,542
        Losses/(gains) on financial assets at fair value through profit or
           loss (Note 6)                                                               3,553           (1,436)
        Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 12)                       10,857            8,859
        Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 13)                                  5,167            4,661
        Amortization of intangible assets (Note 14)                                    2,403            2,139
        Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                     502               58
        Gains on disposal of right-of-use assets (Note 6)                               (337)               –
        Losses on disposals of joint venture (Note 6)                                      –               25
        Net impairment losses on financial assets (Note 3.1(b))                        8,182              150
        Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment (Note 12)                     469                –
        Provision of inventory (Note 18)                                               3,010                –
        Share-based compensation expenses (Note 23)                                    9,133          11,290
        Share of results of investments accounted for using the equity
           method (Note 20)                                                             817                72
      Operating cash flows before changes in working capital                          63,514          23,638
      Changes in working capital:
        Inventories                                                                   (1,626)         (4,892)
        Trade and other receivables and prepayments                                  (36,027)         (8,149)
        Trade and other payables                                                      13,285           9,444
        Contract liabilities                                                          43,729           4,134
      Cash generated from operations                                                  82,875          24,175


    In the consolidated statements of cash flows, proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment
    comprise:

                                                                                  Year ended      Year ended
                                                                                December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                        2025            2024
                                                                                    USD’000         USD’000
      Net book amount (Note 12)                                                        2,282             647
      Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                      (502)             (58)
      Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                          1,780             589




                                                                                      Annual Report 2025    175
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 33 Cash flow information (Continued)

 (b) Net debt reconciliation
      This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in the debt for each of the year presented.

                                                                                     Year ended           Year ended
                                                                                   December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                           2025                 2024
                                                                                       USD’000              USD’000

      Lease liabilities                                                                   13,786               11,135
      Bank borrowings                                                                      2,517                3,348
      Net cash                                                                            16,303               14,483


                                                                      Liabilities from financing activities
                                                           Lease liabilities     Bank borrowings                Total
                                                                  USD’000               USD’000               USD’000

       Net debt as at January 1, 2024 (Restated)                       6,767               2,450                9,217
       Cash flows                                                     (5,357)                720               (4,637)
       Acquisition of new lease contracts                              9,104                   –                9,104
       Early termination of lease contracts                               (11)                 –                   (11)
       Interest accrued                                                  659                 883                1,542
       Currency translation differences                                   (27)              (705)                (732)
       Net debt as at December 31, 2024                              11,135                3,348               14,483

       Net debt as at January 1, 2025                                11,135                3,348               14,483
       Cash flows                                                    (5,444)               (2,701)             (8,145)
       Acquisition of new lease contracts                             6,554                     –               6,554
       Early termination of lease contracts                          (3,068)                    –              (3,068)
       Interest accrued                                                 609                 1,134               1,743
       Currency translation differences                               4,000                   736               4,736
       Net debt as at December 31, 2025                              13,786                2,517               16,303




176   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

34 Commitments

(a) Commitments relating to short-term leases
   The Group has recognized right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for these leases, except for short-term leases,
   see Note 13 and Note 29 for further information.

   The future aggregate minimum lease payments under non-cancellable short-term leases contracted for at the
   end of the year but not recognized as liabilities, are as follows:

                                                                                       As at                 As at
                                                                                 December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                        2025                 2024
                                                                                     USD’000               USD’000

    No later than 1 year                                                                    337                 321


(b) Capital commitments
   The Group’s capital expenditure contracted for at the end of the year but not yet incurred is as follows:

                                                                                       As at                 As at
                                                                                 December 31,          December 31,
                                                                                        2025                 2024
                                                                                     USD’000               USD’000

    Property, plant and equipment                                                         2,578                1,788
    Intangible assets                                                                     1,276                  521
                                                                                          3,854                2,309




                                                                                         Annual Report 2025        177
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 35 Related party transactions

 (a) Names and relationships with related parties
      Below is the summary of the Group’s related parties during the year ended December 31, 2025:

       Name of the related party                                                   Relationship with the Group
       CareCapital Group                                                           The ultimate holder of the Company
       Astro Science do Brasil Pesquisa e Desenvolvimento S.A. (“Astro Science”)   Joint venture held by the Group
       Shanghai Songbai Xingqi Enterprise Management Consulting Co., LTD           An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
         (“Songbai Xingqi”)
       Huizhou Dental Hospital                                                     An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Guiyang Jinxin Medical Instrument Co., Ltd. (“Guiyang Jinxin”)              An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Zhengzhou Smile Songbai Industrial Co., Ltd. (“Zhengzhou Smile”)            An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Changsha Minjian Medical Equipment Co., Ltd. (“Changsha Minjian”)           An entity significantly influenced by CareCapital Group
       Henan Red Sun Medical Instrument Co., Ltd. (“Henan Red Sun”)                An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Taiyuan Yishunkang Medical Device Co., Ltd. (“Yishunkang”)                  An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Guangzhou Yilu Precision Medical Devices Co., Ltd. (“Guangzhou Yilu”)       An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Guangzhou Songbai Times Medical Technology Co., Ltd.                        An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
         (“Guangzhou Songbai”)
       Luoyang Smile Songbai Medical Equipment Co., Ltd. (“Luoyang Smile”)         An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Songbai Leye Medical Equipment (Ningbo) Co., Ltd. (“Songbai Leye”)          An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Zhenjiang Wenjie Medical Equipment Co., Ltd. (“Zhenjiang Wenjie”)           An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Songbai Maishi (Shaanxi) Medical Instrument Co., Ltd. (“Songbai Maishi”)    An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Songbai Oukang (Liaoning) Medical Instrument Co., Ltd.                      An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
         (“Songbai Oukang (Liaoning)”)
       Shanghai Qimei Dental Clinic Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Qimei”)                   An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Songbaiqihai (Qingdao) Medical Instrument Co., Ltd. (“Songbai Qihai”)       An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Songbai Huaren (Shaanxi) Medical Instrument Co., Ltd. (“Songbai Huaren”)    An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Chengdu YaFei Dental Co., Ltd. (“Chengdu Yafei”)                            An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Hemai Songmao (Shaanxi) Medical Devices Co., Ltd. (“Hemai Songmao”)         An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Songbai Oukang (Dalian) Medical Devices Co., Ltd.                           An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
         (“Songbai Oukang (Dalian)”)
       Hefei Chuangxiang Biological Engineering Co., Ltd. (“Hefei Chuangxiang”)    An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Huizhou Huiyang Huikou Dental Clinic Co., Ltd. (“Huikou Dental Clinic”)     An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Purgo Biologics Inc. (“Purgo Biologics”)                                    An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Shanghai Maxflex Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Maxflex”)          An entity significantly influenced by CareCapital Group
       Hunan Songbei Medical Technology Co., Ltd (“Hunan Songbei”)                 An entity controlled by CareCapital Group
       Nogueira & Lopes Holding Ltda. (“Nogueira”)                                 An entity controlled by Aditek’s minority shareholders
       Shanghai Kaihao Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Kaihao”)                    An entity significantly influenced by minority Shareholder




178   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

35 Related party transactions (Continued)

(b) Transactions with related parties
    During the year ended December 31, 2025, save as disclosed elsewhere in this report, the following is a summary
    of the significant transactions carried out between the Group and its related parties.

                                                                                  Year ended          Year ended
                                                                                December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                    USD’000             USD’000

      Sales of clear aligner treatment solutions and other products
        Guangzhou Yilu                                                                  6,934                6,280
        Zhengzhou Smile                                                                 5,266                4,368
        Songbai Oukang (Liaoning)                                                       2,368                1,315
        Zhenjiang Wenjie                                                                1,737                1,244
        Yishunkang                                                                      1,296                1,042
        Songbai Maishi                                                                    525                  106
        Songbai Leye                                                                      394                  329
        Songbai Oukang (Dalian)                                                           272                    –
        Changsha Minjian                                                                  256                  141
        Guangzhou Songbai                                                                 237                    –
        Hemai Songmao                                                                     227                    –
        Hefei Chuangxiang                                                                  89                    –
        Songbai Qihai                                                                      62                   41
        Guiyang Jinxin                                                                      9                   16
        Henan Red Sun                                                                       9                    4
        Luoyang Smile                                                                       5                   15
        Huizhou Dental Hospital                                                             1                    1
        Chengdu Yafei                                                                       1                    9
        Huikou Dental Clinic                                                                1                    –
        Songbai Huaren                                                                      –                    1
        Shanghai Qimei                                                                      –                    1
                                                                                       19,689              14,913

      Purchase of raw materials
        Shanghai Kaihao (i)                                                             7,275                   –
        Shanghai Maxflex                                                                2,103                 217
        Astro Science                                                                     505                 371
        Hunan Songbei                                                                       –                   5
                                                                                        9,883                 593


    (i)   Purchases from Shanghai Kaihao during the period from July 2025 to December 2025 amounted to approximately
          RMB24,580,000 (approximately USD3,444,000).




                                                                                       Annual Report 2025         179
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 35 Related party transactions (Continued)

 (b) Transactions with related parties (Continued)

                                                                             Year ended         Year ended
                                                                           December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                               USD’000            USD’000

       Payment of property leases
         Nogueira                                                                    202                 56
         Purgo Biologics                                                              15                  –
                                                                                     217                 56

       Purchase of consulting services
         CareCapital Orthotech                                                         –                252
         Songbai Xingqi                                                                –                119
                                                                                       –                371

       Acquisition of a Subsidiary
         Beijing Jolly Oralcare Technology Ltd                                         –                520

       Capital injection
         Shanghai Maxflex                                                          1,401                647


 (c) Key management compensation
      Key management comprise the Company’s directors and senior management. The compensation paid or payable
      to key management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                             Year ended         Year ended
                                                                           December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                               USD’000            USD’000

       Fees                                                                          283                282
       Salaries and wages                                                          1,723              2,070
       Bonuses                                                                     1,577              1,086
       Share-based compensation expenses                                           3,302              4,808
       Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                     37                 88
       Other social security costs, housing benefits and other
         employee benefits                                                           273                254
                                                                                   7,195              8,588




180   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

35 Related party transactions (Continued)

(d) Outstanding balances arising from sales of goods and services

                                                                               As at              As at
                                                                         December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                             USD’000            USD’000

    Trade receivables
       Guangzhou Songbai                                                           272                  –
       Guiyang Jinxin                                                               41                 54
       Chengdu Yafei                                                                 8                  6
       Guangzhou Yilu                                                                –                 87
       Changsha Minjian                                                              –                 49
       Zhenjiang Wenjie                                                              –                 47
       Zhengzhou Smile                                                               –                 29
       Songbai Leye                                                                  –                  8
       Songbai Oukang (Liaoning)                                                     –                  1
       Yishunkang                                                                    –                  1
                                                                                   321                282


   As at December 31, 2025, the balances were with trade nature, unsecured, interest-free, and repayable on
   demand.

                                                                               As at              As at
                                                                         December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                             USD’000            USD’000

    Contract liabilities
      Zhengzhou Smile                                                            1,983              1,944
      Guangzhou Yilu                                                             1,698              1,858
      Songbai Oukang                                                               836                390
      Yishunkang                                                                   512                457
      Zhenjiang Wenjie                                                             456                433
      Henan Red Sun                                                                209                 10
      Songbai Leye                                                                 111                140
      Songbai Maishi                                                                99                 52
      Songbai Oukang (Dalian)                                                       64                  –
      Hemai Songmao                                                                 57                  –
      Guiyang Jinxin                                                                48                  –
      Luoyang Smile                                                                  9                 14
      Hefei Chuangxiang                                                              5                  –
      Huizhou Dental Hospital                                                        1                  –
      Songbai Qihai                                                                  –                 27
                                                                                 6,088              5,325




                                                                                Annual Report 2025       181
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 35 Related party transactions (Continued)

 (d) Outstanding balances arising from sales of goods and services (Continued)
      Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arose from the advance payments made by customers while the
      underlying goods or services are yet to be provided.

 (e) Outstanding balances arising from purchase of raw materials

                                                                               As at              As at
                                                                         December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                             USD’000            USD’000

       Trade payables
         Shanghai Kaihao                                                          425                  –
         Shanghai Maxflex                                                         158                  –
         Astro Science                                                             15                 64
                                                                                  598                 64


 (f) Outstanding balances arising from loans provided to key management

                                                                               As at              As at
                                                                         December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                2025              2024
                                                                             USD’000            USD’000

       Loans provided to key management
         At the beginning of the year                                            2,596             2,758
         Proceeds of loans repaid by key management                               (269)             (194)
         Interests incurred                                                         67                 94
         Currency translation differences                                           45                (62)
         At the end of the year                                                  2,439             2,596




182   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

36 Contingent liabilities

   The Group, in the ordinary course of its business, is involved in various claims, suits, and legal proceedings that
   arise from time to time. Since August 2025, Angelalign has been involved in various lawsuits initiated by Align
   Technology, the parent company of Invisalign in relation to patent infringement.

   In this connection, Angelalign has faced legal actions in the United States (including the U.S. District Court for
   the Eastern District of Texas and the United States International Trade Commission (ITC)), Europe (the Unified
   Patent Court (UPC)), and China (Intermediate People’s Court of the PRC, China National Intellectual Property
   Administration). The cases are currently in the adjudicative stages and not yet concluded.

   Management assessed the aforesaid matters related to the lawsuits, after taking into considerations of
   opinions from professional advisors, it is concluded that Angelalign has valid grounds to respond to the relevant
   authorities. The Group, hence, has not made any material provision as of December 31, 2025 pertaining to these
   matters.

   Conclusions of legal proceedings, investigations and allegations could take a long period of time, and the Group
   could receive judgments or enter into settlements that may adversely affect its operating results or cash flows.
   Quantifying the related financial effects is not practical at this stage.




                                                                                        Annual Report 2025          183
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 37 Subsidiaries

 The following is a list of principal subsidiaries at December 31, 2025, all of these are limited liability companies:

                                                                                                                                                Attributable       Attributable
                                         Place and date of                                                          Particulars of issued     equity interest    equity interest
                                         incorporation/                   Principal activities                             share capital/ to the Group As at to the Group As at
     Name of subsidiaries                Acquisition                      and place of operation                      registered capital December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024

     Wuxi EA                             PRC, February 10, 2010           Product design, manufacturing, research       USD 56,000,000                100%                100%
                                                                            and development of clear aligner
                                                                            treatment solutions, PRC
     Shanghai EA                         PRC, September 5, 2011           Product design, sales and marketing,          RMB 30,000,000                100%                100%
                                                                            research and development of clear
                                                                            aligner treatment solutions, PRC
     Wuxi EA Bio-Tech Co., Ltd.*         PRC, July 11, 2018               Manufacturing, research and                 RMB 400,000,000                 100%                100%
      (無錫時代天使生物科技有限公司)                                                      development of clear aligner
                                                                            treatment solutions, PRC
     Angelalign Orthodontics Development Cayman Islands, March 19, 2024   Investing, Cayman Islands                        USD 50,000                 100%                100%
     ANGELALIGN TECH PTE. LTD.           SGP, January 19, 2022            Wholesale trade of a variety of goods          USD 5,000,000                100%                100%
                                                                            without a dominant product, SGP

 *        The English names of the subsidiaries represent management’s best efforts in translating their Chinese names as they do not
          have official English names.




184      Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

38 Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company

                                                                                   As at               As at
                                                                             December 31,        December 31,
                                                                    Note            2025               2024
                                                                                 USD’000             USD’000

 ASSETS
 Non-current assets
 Investment in subsidiaries                                                        151,451            152,203
 Property, plant and equipment                                                         492                  1
 Right-of-use assets                                                                    67                 23
                                                                                   152,010            152,227
 Current assets
 Receivables from subsidiaries                                                      70,059             55,726
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                              30,107             32,840
 Restricted cash                                                                         2                  –
 Term deposits with initial terms over three months                                157,965             76,845
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                          21,082            125,330
                                                                                   279,215            290,741
 Total assets                                                                      431,225            442,968

 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
 Equity attributable to owners of the Company
 Share capital                                                      21                  17                  17
 Share premium                                                      21             397,185            415,426
 Other reserves                                                     (a)             32,796             25,171
 Accumulated losses                                                 (b)             (5,477)             (7,159)
 Total equity                                                                      424,521            433,455
 Liabilities
 Current liabilities
 Other payables                                                                      6,636               9,488
 Lease liabilities                                                                      43                  25
                                                                                     6,679               9,513
 Non-current liabilities
 Lease liabilities                                                                      25                   –
 Total liabilities                                                                   6,704               9,513
 Total equity and liabilities                                                      431,225            442,968


The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on March 27, 2026 and were signed on its
behalf.



Mr. Hu Jiezhang                                          Ms. Dong Li

Director                                                 Director



                                                                                    Annual Report 2025        185
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 38 Balance sheet and reserve movement of the Company (Continued)

 (a) Other reserves

                                                         Share-based      Currency
                                                            payment     translation
                                                             reserves      reserves          Total
                                                             USD’000       USD’000         USD’000

       Balance at January 1, 2024 (Restated)                  15,070         (3,948)        11,122
       Equity-settled share-based payment transactions        11,290              –         11,290
       New shares issued for options exercised                  (163)             –           (163)
       Currency translation differences                            –          2,922          2,922
       Balance at December 31, 2024                           26,197         (1,026)        25,171

       Balance at January 1, 2025                             26,197        (1,026)         25,171
       Equity-settled share-based payment transactions         9,133             –           9,133
       New shares issued for options exercised                   (29)            –             (29)
       Currency translation differences                            –        (1,479)         (1,479)
       Balance at December 31, 2025                           35,301        (2,505)         32,796


 (b) Accumulated losses of the Company

                                                                                       Accumulated
                                                                                            losses
                                                                                           USD’000

       Balance at January 1, 2024 (Restated)                                                (10,089)
       Profit for the year                                                                    2,930
       Balance at December 31, 2024                                                          (7,159)

       Balance at January 1, 2025                                                            (7,159)
       Profit for the year                                                                    1,682
       Balance at December 31, 2025                                                          (5,477)




186   Angelalign Technology Inc.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

39 Benefits and interests of directors

(a) Directors’ emoluments
   The remuneration of every director and chief executive is set out below:

   For the year ended December 31, 2025:

                                                                                                               Other social
                                                                                                             security costs,
                                                                                                 Pension            housing
                                                                            Share-based   costs – defined      benefits and
                                                      Salaries             compensation      contribution   other employee
    Name                                     Fees   and wages    Bonuses       expenses             plans          benefits      Total
                                          USD’000     USD’000    USD’000        USD’000          USD’000           USD’000     USD’000

    Year ended December 31, 2025
    Executive directors
    Ms. DONG Li                                –          258       235           1,452                2                  –      1,947
    Mr. HU Jiezhang                            –          297       320               –               12                 10        639
    Mr. HUANG Kun                              –           96        99               –                2                  –        197
    Mr. SONG Xin                               –          258       277             659               12                 10      1,216
    Non-executive director
    Mr. FENG Dai                               –            –         –              –                 –                  –         –
    Independent non-executive directors
    Mr. HAN Xiaojing                         103            –         –              –                 –                  –       103
    Mr. SHI Zi                                77            –         –              –                 –                  –        77
    Mr. ZHOU Hao                             103            –         –              –                 –                  –       103
                                             283          909       931           2,111               28                 20      4,282




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025                187
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 39 Benefits and interests of directors (Continued)

 (a) Directors’ emoluments (Continued)
      For the year ended December 31, 2024:

                                                                                                                Other social
                                                                                                              security costs,
                                                                                                  Pension            housing
                                                                               Share-based costs – defined      benefits and
                                                         Salaries             compensation    contribution   other employee
       Name                                     Fees   and wages    Bonuses       expenses           plans          benefits      Total
                                             USD’000     USD’000    USD’000        USD’000        USD’000           USD’000     USD’000

       Year ended December 31, 2024
       Executive directors
       Ms. DONG Li                                –          259       127           2,804              2                  –      3,192
       Mr. HU Jiezhang                            –          298       146               –             12                 23        479
       Mr. HUANG Kun                              –           96        45               –              2                  2        145
       Mr. SONG Xin                               –          253       124           1,166             12                 23      1,578
       Non-executive director
       Mr. FENG Dai                               –            –         –              –               –                  –         –
       Independent non-executive directors
       Mr. HAN Xiaojing                         103            –         –              –               –                  –       103
       Mr. SHI Zi                                77            –         –              –               –                  –        77
       Mr. ZHOU Hao                             103            –         –              –               –                  –       103
                                                283          906        442          3,970             28                 48      5,677


      During the year ended December 31, 2025, no emoluments were paid by the Group to directors as an inducement
      to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

 (b) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
      Save as disclosed in Note 35, no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s
      business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest,
      whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.

 40 Subsequent events

      Details of the proposed dividend are given in Note 32.




188   Angelalign Technology Inc.
FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                          Year ended December 31
                                          2021         2022            2023         2024          2025
                                        RMB’000      RMB’000        USD’000       USD’000      USD’000
                                                                  (Restated)

Revenue                                 1,271,677    1,269,706      209,616        268,787      370,281
Cost of revenue                          (445,031)    (484,016)      (78,908)     (100,559)    (137,392)
Gross profit                              826,646      785,690      130,708        168,228      232,889
Selling and marketing expenses           (236,516)    (298,170)      (70,068)     (105,004)    (121,462)
Administrative expenses                  (183,185)    (185,027)      (39,755)       (46,210)    (52,152)
Research and development expenses        (123,094)    (147,681)      (24,645)       (21,323)    (27,638)
Net losses of impairment on financial
  assets                                    (245)       (9,029)        (651)          (150)     (8,182)
Other income                              18,598       27,108         4,798        12,451       12,595
Other expenses                                 –             –            –           (143)       (135)
Other (losses)/gain – net                 16,070       38,427        (4,313)        (1,568)     (5,352)
Operation (loss)/profit                  318,274      211,318         (3,926)        6,281      30,563
Finance income                            16,890       42,289        13,586          7,000        3,689
Financial Costs                            (1,230)      (1,676)       (1,149)       (1,542)      (1,743)
Finance income – net                      15,660       40,613        12,437          5,458        1,946
Share of results of investments
  accounted for using the equity
  method                                   (1,850)        (183)          65            (72)        (817)
Profit before income tax                 332,084      251,748          8,576       11,667       31,692
Income tax expense                        (46,512)     (38,591)       (1,743)       (1,651)     (5,365)
Profit for the year                      285,572      213,157         6,833        10,016       26,327

Profit attributable to
– Owners of the Company                  285,848      213,781         7,530        12,114       28,437
– Non-controlling interests                 (276)        (624)         (697)        (2,098)     (2,110)
                                         285,572      213,157         6,833        10,016       26,327




                                                                                Annual Report 2025    189
 FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                                          As of December 31,
                                                    2021           2022             2023         2024         2025
                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000         USD’000       USD’000     USD’000
                                                                               (Restated)

     ASSETS
     Total non-current assets                       407,603       615,407        146,532       186,439     263,618
     Total current assets                         3,733,241      3,870,802       525,069       491,672     500,827
     Total assets                                 4,140,844      4,486,209       671,601       678,111     764,445

     EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
     Equity attributable to owners of the
       Company
     Share capital and share premium              3,118,030      2,941,986       439,103       415,443     397,202
     Shares held for employee share scheme             (4,393)       (1,098)            *             *          *
     Other reserves                                  (27,545)      237,820        (35,577)      (17,835)       807
     Retained earnings                              232,978        428,058         67,546        76,495    101,333
     Non-controlling interests                        (4,338)       (4,569)       10,058         6,139       4,818
     Total equity                                 3,314,732      3,602,197       481,130       480,242     504,160
     Liabilities
     Total non-current liabilities                  127,643       102,522         66,352        69,776      92,161
     Total current liabilities                      698,469       781,490        124,119       128,093     168,124
     Total liabilities                              826,112       884,012        190,471       197,869     260,285
     Total equity and liabilities                 4,140,844      4,486,209       671,601       678,111     764,445


 *      The balance represents an amount less than USD1,000.




190     Angelalign Technology Inc.
