                                                                       i
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Dear shareholders

Looking back at this year, one word comes to mind and that word is “gratitude.” Our gratitude goes out to all our team members for their
continued commitment to each other and the business during this difficult year. It is only because of their hard work, engagement and
courage that our company culture and balance sheet are stronger than ever before, and that we are ready for the future – a future beyond
the pandemic, where business is back, and we can continue to make our customers’ lives a little bit easier every day!
You are invited
On behalf of the Board of Directors and management of the Corporation, we are pleased to invite you to Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.’s
annual general meeting of shareholders that will be held on September 1, 2021, at 10:30 a.m. (Eastern time). Once again, this year, to
proactively deal with the continuous risks to the health and safety of our communities, employees, shareholders and other stakeholders, we
will hold our annual meeting in a virtual format only. The meeting will be conducted via a live webcast online at
https://web.lumiagm.com/495526108. Shareholders will be able to hear the meeting live, submit questions in writing and vote their shares
on all items of business while the meeting is being held.
We hope that hosting a virtual meeting helps enable greater participation by our shareholders by allowing shareholders that might not have
otherwise been able to travel to a physical meeting to attend online while minimizing the health risk that is associated with large physical
gatherings. Based on past practice, most of our shareholders vote in advance of the meeting by proxy using the various available voting
channels and these voting channels will continue to be available. We encourage shareholders to continue to vote in advance by proxy.
Fiscal 2021 performance
While the past year was certainly one of the most challenging ones we have faced as a company, with much uncertainty and very little visibility
ahead, we were all well-served by our customary financial discipline and strong balance sheet. Once again, we managed our business carefully,
planned for the worst, and were resourceful with our shareholders’ capital. We struck the right balance between deferring non-critical outlays
while investing in our core strategic initiatives for leading in the future of convenience. Importantly, thanks in large part to our solid financial
health, we took all the necessary steps to protect our team members and customers, and to ensure that our network remains up and running
to serve essential needs. This was no easy task, as we had to adjust to the different economic realities within each of our markets. That said,
our performance, both operationally and financially, was notable and, as a result, we are well positioned for growth in the future. As traffic
returns to our locations, we stand ready to reinvest in our many organic initiatives, to seek out additional acquisition opportunities, and to
continue to nurture the culture of discipline and entrepreneurship that has been our trademark and done so well for us over time.
Global company
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.’s store network is comprised of more than 14,200 stores around the world. We would like to thank the 124,000
people working in our global network for their dedication and entrepreneurial spirit and express our gratitude to our shareholders for their
unwavering support and continued interest.
Your vote is important
We look forward to engaging with you at our meeting. Please take some time to read this management proxy circular before you vote your
shares. Detailed instructions about how to participate at our virtual meeting and a description of the items of business to be considered at
the meeting can be found in the notice of annual meeting of shareholders and the accompanying management proxy circular. Registered
shareholders will be able to sign into the meeting using the control number provided with meeting materials. Beneficial shareholders can
appoint themselves or a proxyholder to participate in the online meeting. Please carefully read the steps required to first appoint yourself or
a proxyholder and then contact our transfer agent in order to receive your online meeting credentials as more fully explained in the circular.
Should you be unable to attend the meeting, we encourage you to complete, sign, and return the enclosed proxy by the date indicated on
your form.
Sincerely,
(s) Alain Bouchard                                          (s) Brian Hannasch
Alain Bouchard                                              Brian Hannasch
Founder and Executive Chairman                              President and Chief Executive Officer




                                                                                                                                             ii
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Notice of our 2021 annual meeting of shareholders and
availability of materials                HOW TO GET A COPY OF THE
Date, time and place                                                                                   2021 MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                       INFORMATION CIRCULAR
When     Wednesday, September 1, 2021, at 10:30 a.m. (EDT)
                                                                                                       Registered shareholders
Where    Virtual meeting via live webcast at https://web.lumiagm.com/495526108                         If you are a registered shareholder
                                                                                                       or you have already given us
Business to be transacted at the meeting                                                               instructions to send you printed
1   To receive our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended                 documents, your management
    April 25, 2021, together with the auditor’s report.                                                information circular is attached to
2   To appoint our independent auditor until the next annual meeting of shareholders and               this notice.
    authorize the board to set their compensation.                                                     Beneficial shareholders
3   To elect each of the directors nominated to serve on our board until the next meeting.             If you are a beneficial shareholder,
                                                                                                       we are making the management
4   To approve in a non-binding advisory capacity our approach to executive compensation
                                                                                                       information circular available online
    policies.
                                                                                                       instead of mailing it to you,
5   To adopt a resolution approving and ratifying the Corporation’s amended and restated               according to a set of rules
    Stock Incentive Plan.                                                                              developed by the Canadian
                                                                                                       Securities Administrators called
Attendance and voting at the meeting                                                                   Notice-and-access.
Please read our 2021 management information circular and exercise your right to vote. The record       You can download the management
date (the “Record Date”) for determination of Shareholders entitled to receive notice of and to        information circular and other
vote at the Meeting is July 6, 2021. Only Shareholders whose names have been entered in the            meeting materials at
register of Shares on the close of business on the Record Date will be entitled to receive notice of   https://corpo.couche-
and to vote at the Meeting. Shareholders who acquire Shares after the Record Date will not be          tard.com/en/investors/shareholders-
entitled to vote such Shares at the Meeting.                                                           ressources/annual-general-meeting-
We have enclosed a proxy form or voting information form with this notice. If you cannot attend        documents/. If you would prefer to
the meeting, please sign and return the form following the instructions on page 7 of the               receive a paper copy of the
management information circular.                                                                       management information circular,
                                                                                                       please call us at the number in the
Due to the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, this year we will once again hold the
                                                                                                       box to the left, or send us an email,
meeting in a virtual-only format, which will be conducted via live webcast. We are confident that
hosting a virtual meeting will enable greater participation by our shareholders, by allowing those     and we will mail it to you at no cost.
who might not have otherwise been able to travel to a physical meeting to attend online. All           Note that we will not mail the proxy
shareholders, regardless of their geographic location, will have an equal opportunity to participate   form or voting instruction form, so
in the meeting and engage with directors and management of the Corporation as well as with             please keep the one you received
other shareholders. You can find out more about our policies and practices relating to virtual         with this notice.
meetings in our management information circular.                                                       We need to receive your request
Registered shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders will be able to attend, participate, vote      by August 20, 2021 if you want to
and ask questions in writing at the meeting online at https://web.lumiagm.com/495526108. Non-          receive the management
registered shareholders (being shareholders who hold their shares through a securities dealer or       information circular before the
broker, bank, trust company or trustee, custodian, nominee or other intermediary) who have not         meeting. After the meeting, please
duly appointed themselves as their proxy will be able to attend the meeting only as guests. Guests     call 1 (888) 433-6443 to ask for a
will be able to listen to the meeting but will not be able to vote or ask questions. Inside this       printed copy.




                                                                                                                                        iii
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
document, you will find important information and detailed instructions about how to participate in
the meeting.
Shareholders who wish to appoint a proxyholder other than the persons designated by the
Corporation on the form of proxy or voting instruction form (including a non-registered shareholder
who wishes to appoint themselves as proxyholder) must carefully follow the instructions in the
management information circular and on their form of proxy or voting instruction form. These
instructions include the additional step of registering such proxyholder with our transfer agent, AST
Trust Company (Canada), after submitting their form of proxy or voting instruction form. Failure to
register the proxyholder will result in the proxyholder not receiving a control number that will act as
their online sign-in credentials and is required for them to vote at the meeting and, consequently, will
only be able to attend the meeting online as a guest.

Questions
If you have any questions regarding this notice, the notice-and-access mechanism or the Meeting
please call AST at 1 (888) 433-6443.


By order of the Board of Directors,
(s) Valery Zamuner
Valery Zamuner
Senior Vice-President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Laval, Québec
July 9, 2021


 How to ask for a copy of the management
 information circular
           Call
           1 (888) 433-6443 (toll-free in North America)
           1 (416) 682-3860 (outside North America)

           Send an email
           fulfilment@astfinancial.com




                                                                                                           iv
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Management Information
Circular
Welcome to our 2021 Management Information Circular. We are
sending you this document because you owned shares of
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. on July 6, 2021 (the record date).
Please read it carefully and exercise your right to vote.
Our Board of Directors has approved the contents of this Management
Information Circular and its distribution to shareholders.

(s) Valéry Zamuner

Valéry Zamuner
Senior Vice-President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
July 9, 2021




                                                                       1
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
TABLE OF CONTENTS

4       General Information
5       Our Shares, Quorum and Principal Shareholders

7       Voting Information
7       Who can vote
8       Notice-and-Access
8       Appointment of proxyholder
9       How to vote

12      Business of the Meeting
12      Presentation of our consolidated financial statements
12      Appointing of auditors
13      Election of directors
14      Voting on our approach to executive compensation
14      Approval and ratification of the Corporation’s amended and restated Stock Incentive Plan

16      Nominees for election to the Board of Directors
16      Director Nominees profiles
33      Other information about the Director Nominees

34      Director Compensation
34      Our Director Compensation Policy
35      Annual Retainers
35      Deferred Share Unit Plan
35      Non-Executive Directors minimum equity ownership requirements
36      Non-Executive Directors compensation table
37      Incentive Plan Awards – value vested or earned during fiscal 2021
37      Incentive Plan Awards – total value as of year-end
38      Upcoming changes to non-executive director compensation in fiscal 2022
38      Composition of our Board
44      Role and duties of our Board and its Committees
46      About our Board Committees

48      Our Corporate Governance Practices
48      Ethical business behaviour and Ethics Code of Conduct
50      Shareholder engagement and transparency
52      Diversity and ESG

55      Compensation Discussion and Analysis
55      Letter from the Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance
        Committee
57      2021 Performance
58      Our 2021 Named Executive Officers
60      Executive 2021 Compensation at a Glance and Performance


                                                                                                   2
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
63      Executive Compensation Program
68      Annual Compensation Review Process on Management of Risk
72      Executive Share Ownership Requirement
73      Description of Compensation paid to NEOs in 2021
79      Termination and Change of Control Benefits
82      Key Compensation Tables
84      Amendment to the Stock Incentive Plan

85      Appendices
89      Appendix A – Glossary
91      Appendix B – Resolution adopting and ratifying the Stock Incentive Plan
92      Appendix C – Mandate of the Board of Directors
95      Appendix D – Summaries of our long-term incentive plans




                                                                                  3
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
General Information
We are sending you this document because you owned shares of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.
on July 6, 2021. We encourage you to vote at our annual meeting of shareholders by soliciting
your proxy. We solicit proxies by mail, but brokers and others who hold shares as nominees
may send proxy material to beneficial owners of our shares. We pay the cost of proxy
solicitation.



  Where to get more information
  You can find financial information about us in our 2021 Annual Report, which includes our audited,
  consolidated financial statements and management’s discussion and analysis (MD&A). You can
  learn more about the audit committee in our 2021 Annual Information Form. These documents and
  others are on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com) and on SEDAR (sedar.com). If you would like
  paper copies of these documents, please call us or send us an email, and we will mail them to you
  at no cost:



           Call: 1 (450) 662-6632 (outside North America)


           Send an email Investor.relations@couche-tard.com




The information in this document is as of July 9, 2021, and all dollar amounts expressed herein are in
Canadian dollars unless noted otherwise.




                                                                                                         4
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Our Shares, Quorum and Principal Shareholders

Our Shares
The Corporation has two classes of Shares: Class A Shares, which have 10 votes per share, and Class B
Shares, which have one vote per share. Class B Shares are restricted securities as defined by Canadian      CLASS A SHARES
securities regulations because they carry fewer voting rights per share than Class A Shares.                Shares outstanding as at July
The four co-founders – Alain Bouchard, Jacques D’Amours, Richard Fortin and Réal Plourde – are the            9, 2021: 253,803,100
only persons who, to the best of the knowledge of the directors and officers, together, directly or         Voting rights: 10 votes per
indirectly, beneficially own or exercise control over Shares with 10% or more of the votes attached to        share
our Class A and Class B Shares.                                                                             Total voting rights attached to
                                                                                                              outstanding Class A Shares:
Conversion rights and conversion event                                                                        75.64%
Each Class A Share is convertible at any time into one fully paid and non-assessable Class B Share at
                                                                                                            CLASS B SHARES
the holder’s option.
                                                                                                            Shares outstanding as at July
Each Class B Share will automatically be converted into one fully paid and non-assessable Class A             9, 2021: 817,338,471
Share on the earlier of the following:                                                                      Voting rights: one vote per
  ◼ the day all four of our co-founders have reached the age of 65 (expected in December 2021);
                                                                                                              share
  ◼ the day the four co-founders collectively hold, directly or indirectly, less than 50% of the voting
                                                                                                            Total voting rights attached to
    rights attached to all of our outstanding Class A and Class B Shares.                                     outstanding Class B Shares:
                                                                                                              24.36%
In December 2021, all four of our co-founders will have reached the age of 65, thereby triggering the
automatic conversion right of the Class B Shares into Class A Shares (the “Conversion Event”). Upon
the occurrence of the Conversion Event, AST Trust Company (Canada), our transfer agent, will send to
all holders of Class B shares on record as at the date of the Conversion Event a notice informing such
Class B shareholders of the Conversion Event, and requesting them to return their certificates
representing Class B shares in exchange for new certificates representing an equivalent number of
Class A shares, the whole at no cost for the shareholders. Notwithstanding the above, the failure of a
holder to return his/her certificate representing Class B shares shall not in any way limit his/her right
to be deemed a holder of Class A shares as at the date of the Conversion Event.

Voting Agreement
Messrs. Bouchard, D’Amours, Fortin and Plourde are parties to a voting agreement pursuant to which
they have undertaken to exercise their respective direct and indirect voting rights in the Corporation
in favour of each other’s election to the Board, subject to each co-founder holding, directly or
indirectly, a minimum of 18,000,000 Shares of the Corporation (the “Voting Agreement”). Should one
of the co-founders fall under such minimum shareholding, the Voting Agreement will cease to apply
to such co-founder even if eventually the minimum holding is reached. However, the Voting
Agreement will continue to apply to the other parties.




                                                                                                                                      5
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Our Quorum
Pursuant to the by-laws of the Corporation, a quorum of shareholders is present at the Meeting if the
holders of not less than 25% of all issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the Meeting are
present in person or represented by proxy.

Our Principal Shareholders
The table below shows the total number of Class A Shares and Class B Shares each of the four co-                              CO-FOUNDERS HOLDING
founders beneficially owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, as at July 9, 2021:                                        Together Messrs. Alain
                                                                  Ownership as a          % of total        % of total        Bouchard, Jacques D’Amours,
                                                               percentage of total      outstanding      voting rights        Richard Fortin and Réal
                                        Ownership              shares outstanding            Shares
                                                                                                                              Plourde own a total of
                             Class A        Class B          Class A        Class B
                             Shares         Shares           Shares         Shares
                                                                                                                              225,409,008 Class A Shares
                                                                                             12.10%            34.80%         and 24,734,954 Class B
Alain Bouchard          115,352,844     14,219,004           45.45%          1.74%
                                                                                                                              Shares giving them 67.91% of
Jacques D’Amours         63,441,616        222,050           25.19%          0.03%            5.99%            19.05%
                                                                                                                              the voting rights of the total
Richard Fortin           32,788,260      1,051,800           12.92%          0.13%            3.16%             9.80%
                                                                                                                              Shares issued and
Réal Plourde             13,341,288      9,242,100            5.26%          1.13%            2.11%             4.25%
                                                                                                                              outstanding.
Mr. Bouchard holds 104,326,512 Class A Shares and 11,864,869 Class B Shares through Développements Orano Inc., a
corporation he controls. He holds 950,000 Class B Shares through the Sandra and Alain Bouchard Foundation and 266 Class
B Shares in trust for his daughter, Rose Bouchard. He also holds options granting him the right to purchase 839,917 Class B
Shares.
Mr. D’Amours holds 47,727,756 Class A Shares through 9201-9686 Québec Inc., a corporation he controls, and 485,000
Class A Shares through the Fondation D’Amours.
Mr. Fortin holds 25,060,788 Class A Shares through 9201-9702 Québec Inc., a corporation he controls, and 420,600 Class B
Shares through the Fondation Lise et Richard Fortin.
Mr. Plourde holds 9,208,476 Class A Shares through 9203-1848 Québec Inc., a corporation he controls, and 305,000 Class
B Shares through the Fondation Ariane Riou et Réal Plourde.


Normal Course Issuer Bid
On November 24, 2020, the Corporation announced the renewal of its share repurchase program (the
“NCIB”) to purchase for cancellation a maximum of 33,336,141 Class B Shares, representing 4% of the
833,403,522 Class B Shares comprising Couche-Tard’s “public float” (as such term is defined in the TSX
Company Manual) as at November 16, 2020 (or 3.88% of the 859,144,568 issued and outstanding Class
B Shares as at November 16, 2020). The Corporation was authorized to make purchases under the
NCIB during the period from November 27, 2020 and ending at the latest on November 26, 2021 in
accordance with the requirements of the TSX.

On April 21, 2021, the Corporation announced the early termination of its NCIB, having completed the
purchase of all of the 33,336,141 Class B Shares it was authorized to purchase. Concurrently with this
early termination, Couche-Tard also announced that it had received the TSX’s approval for the
commencement of a new share repurchase program (the “New NCIB”) under which the Corporation is
authorised to repurchase up to 32, 056,988 Class B Shares, representing 4% of the 801,424,691 Class
B Shares comprising the Corporation’s “public float” as at April 19, 2020 (or 3.87% of the 827,352,346
issued and outstanding Class B Shares as at April 19, 2021). In accordance with TSX requirements, the
maximum number of Class B Shares that the Corporation may have asked authorization to repurchase
under the New NCIB is 46,806,328 Class B Shares, and equals the maximum annual limit of 10% of the
Corporation’s “public float” minus the amount of 33,336,141 Class B Shares which were repurchased
under the NCIB terminated early. The Corporation may repurchase the authorized Class B Shares on
the open market through the facilities of the TSX as well as through other alternative Canadian trading
systems, from time to time, over the course of twelve months commencing on April 26, 2021 and
ending at the latest on April 25, 2022.

As at July 9, 2021, the Corporation had purchased for cancellation 8,471,000 Class B Shares under its
New NCIB for approximately $363.6 million at a weighted average price of $42.93 per share.



                                                                                                                                                       6
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Voting Information
Please join us at our virtual-only annual meeting of shareholders. This section of our Circular tells you
about the Meeting, how you can vote, and the items you will be voting on.
When     Wednesday, September 1, 2021, at 10:30 a.m. (EDT)
Where    Virtual meeting via live webcast at https://web.lumiagm.com/495526108


Who can vote                                                                                                WHAT KIND OF A
                                                                                                            SHAREHOLDER ARE YOU?
                                                                                                            You      are     a   registered
This year, the Corporation is providing facilities to allow its shareholders to participate in a virtual
                                                                                                            shareholder if your Shares are
meeting format whereby registered shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders may attend and
                                                                                                            registered directly in your
participate in the Meeting via live webcast. Attending the Meeting online enables registered
                                                                                                            name with our Transfer Agent.
shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders, including non-registered shareholders who have duly
                                                                                                            You may hold your Shares in
appointed themselves as proxyholder, to participate at the Meeting and ask questions in writing, all in
                                                                                                            the form of a physical share
real time. You can find out more about our policies and practices relating to virtual meetings on page
                                                                                                            certificate or through the direct
51 of this Circular.
                                                                                                            registration system (DRS) on
You can vote at the Meeting if you held Class A or Class B Shares at the close of business on July 6,       the records of our Transfer
2021.                                                                                                       Agent in electronic form.

Registered shareholders                                                                                     You are a non-registered
                                                                                                            shareholder if your Shares are
You are a registered shareholder if your Shares are registered directly in your name with our Transfer
                                                                                                            held in the name of a bank,
Agent. You may hold your Shares in the form of a physical share certificate or through the direct
                                                                                                            brokerage firm or other
registration system (DRS) on the records of our Transfer Agent in electronic form. Your proxy form
                                                                                                            intermediary.
tells you whether you are a registered shareholder or not.

If you are a registered shareholder, you will receive a form of proxy containing the relevant details
concerning the business of the Meeting, including a control number that must be used to vote by
proxy in advance of the Meeting, or join the live webcast the day of the Meeting to participate and
vote at the Meeting. At least 10 days before the Meeting, contact our Transfer Agent to make sure
your name is on the list of shareholders entitled to vote.

In order to attend the online Meeting, please follow the instructions set below under the heading “How
to vote”.

Non-registered shareholders
You are a non-registered shareholder when your shares are held in the name of an intermediary,
usually a bank, trust company, security dealer or broker or other financial institution. When you receive
a voting instruction form, this tells you that you are a non-registered shareholder.

Your intermediary is required to seek your voting instructions in advance of the Meeting. You will have
received from your intermediary a package of information with respect to the Meeting, including either
a proxy form or a voting instruction form. Each intermediary has its own signature and return
instructions. It is important that you comply with these instructions if you want the voting rights
attached to your shares to be exercised. If you vote by Internet or telephone, you must do so no later
than 10:30 a.m. (Montréal time) on August 30, 2021. In rare cases, non-registered shareholders may
have received a form of proxy instead of a voting instruction form. Such a form of proxy will likely be
stamped by the applicable intermediary. In such case, you may have to follow instructions in this
Circular applicable to registered shareholders.

Non-registered shareholders who have not duly appointed themselves as proxyholder will not
be entitled to vote at the Meeting during the live webcast. If you are a non-registered shareholder

                                                                                                                                       7
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
and have not appointed yourself as a proxyholder, you will be able to attend the Meeting as a guest
but will not be able to vote your shares at the Meeting. To appoint yourself as proxyholder, you may
follow the instructions set out below under the heading “How to vote”.


Notice-and-Access
This year once again, as permitted by Canadian securities regulators, we are using notice-and-access
(as defined in National Instrument 54-101 - Communication with Beneficial Owners of Securities of a
Reporting Issuer ("NI-54-101")) to deliver the Meeting materials, including this Circular, to both our
registered and non-registered shareholders.

This means that the Circular is being posted online for shareholders to access, rather than being mailed
out. Notice-and-access gives shareholders more choice, substantially reduces the Corporation’s
printing and mailing costs, and is more environmentally friendly as it reduces materials and energy
consumption. Shareholders will still receive a form of proxy or a voting instruction form in the mail
(unless shareholders have chosen to receive proxy materials electronically) so they can vote their
shares but, instead of automatically receiving a paper copy of this Circular shareholders will receive a
notice with information about how they can access the Circular electronically and how to request a
paper copy. This Circular is available on the Corporation’s website at https://corpo.couche-
tard.com/en/investors/shareholders-ressources/annual-general-meeting-documents/ or on SEDAR at
www.sedar.com. Shareholders may request a paper copy of this Circular at no cost, up to one year
from the date this Circular was filed on SEDAR. To ensure you receive the materials in advance of the
voting deadline and meeting date, all requests must be received no later than August 20, 2021. If you
do request the current materials, please note that another Proxy/Voting Instruction Form will not be
sent; please retain your current one for voting purposes. Request materials by calling toll-free within
North America at 1 (888) 433-6443, from outside of North America at (416) 682-3801 or by email at
fulfilment@astfinancial.com.


Appointment of proxyholder
Voting by proxy means having someone else (your proxyholder) vote for you at the meeting. Unless           BE SURE TO VOTE BEFORE
you appoint someone else, Alain Bouchard will be your proxyholder. This includes non-registered            THE DEADLINE
shareholders who wish to appoint themselves as proxyholder to attend, participate or vote at the           Your proxy must be received by
Meeting online.                                                                                            10:30 a.m. (EDT) on August 30,
                                                                                                           2021, or two business days
If you want to appoint someone else to be your proxyholder, write that person’s name in the                before the meeting if it is
space provided on the proxy form or the voting information form (as applicable), and make                  adjourned or postponed in
sure they follow all the instructions set out below under the heading “How to vote”. The person            accordance with applicable
you appoint does not need to be an Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. shareholder.                              Canadian              securities
                                                                                                           regulations. The chairman of
Shareholders who wish to appoint someone other than the Corporation’s proxyholders as their                the meeting can waive or
proxyholder to attend and participate at the Meeting as their proxy and vote their Shares MUST submit      extend the proxy voting
their form of proxy or voting instruction form, as applicable, appointing that person as proxyholder       deadline at his or her
AND register that proxyholder, as described below. Registering your proxyholder is an additional step      discretion, without notice.
to be completed AFTER you have submitted your form of proxy or voting instruction form. Failure to
register your proxyholder will result in the proxyholder not receiving a control number that is required
to vote at the Meeting.

         Step 1 - Submit your form of proxy or voting instruction form: To appoint yourself or a third-
         party proxyholder, insert your or such person’s name in the blank space provided in the form
         of proxy or voting instruction form and follow the instructions for submitting such proxy or
         voting instruction form. This must be completed prior to registering such proxyholder, which



                                                                                                                                      8
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
         is an additional step to be completed once you have submitted your form of proxy or voting
         instruction form.

         Step 2 - Register your proxyholder: To register yourself or a third-party proxyholder,
         shareholders must call 1 (866) 751-6315 (toll free in Canada and the United States) or
         1 (212) 235-5754 not later than 10:30 a.m. (Eastern time) on August 30, 2021, or, if the
         meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays
         and holidays) before the time and date of the adjourned or postponed meeting, and provide
         AST Trust Company (Canada) with the required proxyholder contact information so that AST
         Trust Company (Canada) may provide the proxyholder with a control number via email.
         Without a control number, proxyholders will not be able to vote or ask questions at the
         meeting but will be able to participate as a guest.

How your Shares will be voted
Your proxyholders will follow your voting instructions. Unless you appoint someone else, Alain
Bouchard will be your proxyholder (the “Named Proxyholder”) and will vote as follows:
   ◼ for our auditor;

   ◼ for each nominated director; and

   ◼ for our approach to executive compensation and

   ◼ for a resolution approving and ratifying the Corporation’s amended and restated Stock Incentive Plan.

If any of the nominees is unable to serve as a director for any reason, your proxyholder can vote your
Shares for another nominee at their discretion, unless you have specified on your proxy form that you
have withheld from voting in the election of directors.
If other matters properly come before the Meeting, your proxyholders can vote as they see fit.

Revoking your proxy
If you change your mind about how you want to vote your Shares, you can revoke your proxy by
sending us a new proxy form (signed by you or your authorized attorney) by 10:30 a.m. (EDT) on
August 30, 2021.


How to vote

Registered shareholders
Option 1 – by proxy (proxy form)
You may vote in the following manners:
         1. Go online
          Go to www.astvotemyproxy.com and follow the instructions. You will need the control
          number listed on your proxy form.
          2. Call
          Call 1 (888) 489-7352 toll-free from anywhere in Canada and the United States and follow
          the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your proxy form.
          3. Complete the proxy form and send it by mail, fax or email
          Complete, sign and date your proxy form following the instructions on the form. You can
          send it to us in one of the following three ways:

          Mail it to our transfer agent, AST Trust Company (Canada), using the prepaid envelope
          provided

          Fax it to 1 (416) 368-2502 or toll-free in Canada and the United States to 1 (866) 781-3111

          Scan and email it to proxyvote@astfinancial.com.



                                                                                                             9
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
AST, the Corporation’s transfer agent, must have received your proxy form or you must have voted by
internet or telephone no later than 10:30 a.m. (Montreal time) on August 30, 2021. See “Appointment
of proxy” for the complete procedure to follow to appoint another person to act as your proxyholder.

Option 2 – virtually at the Meeting online
  1. Log in online at https://web.lumiagm.com/495526108 at least 30 minutes before the Meeting
      starts
  2. Click “I have a control number”
  3. Enter the control number located on the form of proxy or in the email notification you received
  4. Enter the password “couchetard2021” (case sensitive)
  5. Follow the instructions to access the Meeting, and vote when prompted

You have to be connected to the internet at all times in order to be able to vote when solicited – it is
your responsibility to make sure you stay connected for the entire Meeting. You should connect thirty
minutes in advance in order to allow ample time to check into the Meeting online and complete the
related procedure.
Non-registered shareholders, proxyholders and employees under the
Employee Share Purchase Plan
Option 1 – by proxy (voting instruction form)
You may vote in the following manners:
         1. Go online
         Go to www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions. You will need the control number
         listed on your voting instruction form.
         2. Call
         Call 1 (800) 474-7493 (English) or 1 (800) 474-7501 (French) toll-free from anywhere in
         Canada and 1 (800) 454-8683 from the United States and follow the instructions. You will
         need the control number listed on your voting instruction form.
         3. Complete the voting instruction form and send it by mail
         Complete, sign and date your voting instruction form.

         Mail your voting instruction form in the envelope provided to:
         DATA PROCESSING CENTRE
         PO BOX 3700 STN INDUSTRIAL PARK
         MARKHAM ON L3R 9Z9


Option 2 – virtually at the Meeting online:
  1. Appoint yourself as proxyholder by following the complete procedure set out under
      “Appointment of a Proxyholder”
  2. Log in at https://web.lumiagm.com/495526108 at least 30 minutes before the Meeting starts
  3. Click on “I have a control number”
  4. Enter your control number
  5. Enter the password: “couchetard2021” (case sensitive)
  6. Follow the instructions to access the Meeting, and vote when prompted.


You have to be connected to the internet at all times in order to be able to vote when solicited – it is
your responsibility to make sure you stay connected for the entire Meeting. You should connect thirty
minutes in advance in order to allow ample time to check into the Meeting online and complete the
related procedure.




                                                                                                           10
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Guests
If you wish to attend the Meeting as a guest, you can attend the Meeting by logging online at
https://web.lumiagm.com/495526108 at least 15 minutes before the Meeting starts. You should allow
ample time to check into the virtual Meeting and to complete the related procedures. You must
complete the “Guest Login” section and click “Enter Here”. Guests will be able to attend the Meeting
but will not be able to submit questions, vote their shares (if any) or otherwise participate in the
Meeting.


Asking questions at the Meeting
It is recommended to shareholders and proxyholders to submit their questions as soon as possible
during the Meeting so they can be addressed at the right time. There are two (2) ways to ask questions
during the Meeting. Questions may be submitted in writing by using the relevant dialog box in the
function “Ask a question” during the Meeting. Questions may also be asked over the telephone. To do
so, the shareholder or proxyholder will need to submit its telephone number by using the relevant
dialog box in the function “Ask a question” during the Meeting in order to be reached by telephone
at the appropriate time. Your telephone number will not be shared with the other Meeting attendees.
Only shareholders and duly appointed and registered proxyholders may ask questions during the
question period.

The Executive Chairman and other members of management present at the Meeting will answer
questions relating to matters to be voted on before a vote is held on each matter, if applicable. General
questions will be addressed by them at the end of the Meeting during the question period. So that as
many questions as possible are answered, shareholders and proxyholders are asked to be brief and
concise and to address only one topic per question. Questions from multiple shareholders on the same
topic or that are otherwise related will be grouped, summarized and answered together.

All shareholder questions are welcome. However, the Corporation does not intend to address
questions that:
   ◼ are irrelevant to the Corporation’s operations or to the business of the Meeting;

   ◼ are related to non-public information about the Corporation;

   ◼ are related to personal grievances;

   ◼ constitute derogatory references to individuals or that are otherwise offensive to third parties;

   ◼ are repetitious or have already been asked by other shareholders;

   ◼ are in furtherance of a shareholder’s personal or business interest;

     or
   ◼ are out of order or not otherwise appropriate as determined by the Executive Chairman or

     Secretary of the Meeting in their reasonable judgment.




                                                                                                            11
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Business of the Meeting
The Meeting will cover the following five items of business:
        (1) Presentation of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended April 25, 2021,
            together with the auditor’s report;
        (2) Appointment of the independent auditors of the Corporation for the forthcoming year;
        (3) Election of each of the nominated directors who will serve until the end of the next annual
            meeting of the Shareholders or until their successors are appointed;
        (4) Consideration and approval, in a non-binding, advisory capacity, of the approach to
            executive compensation policies; and
        (5) Consideration and, if deemed advisable, approval and ratification of the Corporation’s
            amended and restated Stock Incentive Plan as adopted by the Board of Directors on March
            17, 2021.
As at the date of this Circular, management is not aware of any other matters to be brought forward
at the Meeting. However, the proxy form confers discretionary authority upon the persons named
therein to vote on any other matters to be brought forward at the Meeting.


1 Presentation of our consolidated financial statements

We will present our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended April 25, 2021,
together with the auditor’s report. We have mailed our consolidated financial statements to
shareholders who have requested to receive a copy. You can also find a copy in our 2021 Annual
Report, which is on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com) and on SEDAR (sedar.com).


2 Appointing of auditor

The Board, on the advice of the Audit Committee, recommends appointing PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, a partnership of Chartered Professional Accountants (PwC) as our auditor until the next annual       MANAGEMENT
meeting of shareholders at a remuneration to be fixed by the Board. If you have not specified how         RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the Named Proxyholder as your proxyholder,
the Named Proxyholder will vote FOR the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as                      FOR
independent auditor of the Corporation and FOR authorizing the Board to determine their
                                                                                                          THE AUDITOR
remuneration.
The Audit Committee has adopted procedures for the pre-approval of engagement for services of its
external auditor, which require pre-approval of all audit and non-audit services provided by the
external auditor. Moreover, the Board, upon recommendation of the Audit Committee, approves, on
an annual basis, the fees charged to the Corporation by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. The table below
shows the fees we paid to PwC for services in the 2021 and 2020 fiscal years respectively:
                                                  Fiscal 2021            Fiscal 2020
                                            (year ended April   (year ended April 26)
                                                          25)
Audit fees                                         $3,526,532              $2,718,988

Audit-related fees                                   $100,919                $86,062

Tax fees                                             $40,733                   $6,411

All other fees                                      $650,356                 $261,093

Total                                              $4,318,540              $3,072,554


Audit fees are for auditing our annual consolidated financial statements and for services that are
normally provided by the auditor in connection with an engagement to audit the financial statements

                                                                                                                         12
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
of an issuer:
   ◼ statutory or regulatory audit and certification engagements, mainly related to European

     subsidiaries (2021: $1,179,005, 2020: $1,190,238)
   ◼ consultations related to specific audit or accounting matters that arise during or as a result of an

     audit or review
   ◼ preparing a management letter

   ◼ services in connection with the Corporation’s quarterly reports, prospectuses and other filings

     with applicable securities regulatory authorities (2021: $438,400, 2020: $333,000).
Audit-related fees are for assurance and related services traditionally performed by an independent
auditor:
   ◼ employee benefit plan audits;

   ◼ assurance engagements that are not required by statute or regulation;

   ◼ due diligence; and

   ◼ general advice on accounting standards including IFRS.


Tax fees are for tax planning and other tax advice related to our international corporate structure.
All other fees are for professional services that do not fall into any of the categories above, including
support for sustainability related services.
Non-audit services
We have a policy that prohibits the auditor from providing the following non-audit services to us:
bookkeeping or other services related to the accounting records or financial statements, financial
information systems design and implementation, appraisal or valuation services, actuarial services,
internal audit services, investment banking services, management functions or human resources
functions, legal services and expert services unrelated to the audit. The auditor can provide other non-
audit services as long as they are pre-approved by the Audit Committee.


3 Election of directors

It is proposed that fifteen (15) directors be elected until the next annual meeting of the shareholders
of the Corporation. Each director so elected at the Meeting will hold office until the end of the next       MANAGEMENT
annual meeting of Shareholders or until his or her successor is appointed, unless his or her office is       RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
vacated at an earlier date. Please see the section of this Circular entitled “Nominees for election to the
Board of Directors” on page 16 for additional information on each of the nominees.                           FOR
If you have not specified how you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the Named                EACH DIRECTOR NOMINEE
Proxyholder as your proxyholder, the Named Proxyholder will vote FOR the election of each of the
Director Nominees. Shareholders should note that the form of proxy or voting instruction form, as
applicable, provides for voting for individual directors as opposed to voting for directors as a slate.
This year the Board approved the fifteen (15) nominees listed below to serve as directors until
the next annual meeting of shareholders or until a successor is elected or appointed. Thirteen
directors served on our Board last year.
  ◼   Alain Bouchard                ◼   Jacques D’Amours             ◼   Monique F. Leroux
  ◼   Mélanie Kau                   ◼   Janice L. Fields             ◼   Réal Plourde
  ◼   Jean Bernier                  ◼   Richard Fortin               ◼   Daniel Rabinowicz
  ◼   Karinne Bouchard              ◼   Brian Hannasch               ◼   Louis Têtu
  ◼   Eric Boyko                    ◼   Marie Josée Lamothe          ◼   Louis Vachon




                                                                                                                              13
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
 MAJORITY VOTING POLICY
 Shareholders can vote for or withhold their votes for individual directors. According to our majority
 voting policy, directors who receive more withhold votes than for votes in an uncontested election
 will not have received the support of shareholders and must resign. The HRCG Committee will
 consider whether or not to accept the resignation and will make a recommendation to the Board.
 The affected director will not be part of these discussions. The Board will announce its decision in
 a press release within 90 days of the annual meeting of shareholders. If it decides not to accept
 the resignation, it will explain why in the press release.



4 Voting on our approach to executive compensation
                                                                                                           MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                           RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
As per last year, and in order to enhance transparency with regard to executive compensation, and as
part of our engagement process between shareholders and the Board, we are pleased to once again            FOR
offer our shareholders the opportunity to express their views on our approach to executive
                                                                                                           OUR APPROACH ON
compensation.
                                                                                                           EXECUTIVE
We believe that our approach to executive compensation supports our strategy, is dependent on the          COMPENSATION
Corporation’s performance and reflects our entrepreneurial culture. Our compensation strategy has
four elements:
  ◼   be competitive;
  ◼   pay for performance;
  ◼   align with shareholder interests; and
  ◼   link to strategy. You can read more about this on page 64.

As such, the Board recommends that shareholders indicate their support to the Corporation’s
approach to executive compensation disclosed in this Circular by voting FOR the following advisory
resolution:

RESOLVED, on an advisory basis and not to diminish the role and responsibilities of the Board of
Directors that the shareholders accept the approach to executive compensation as disclosed in this
Circular in advance of the Meeting.

Since this is an advisory vote, the results are not binding on the Board. The Board will, however, take
the results into account, as appropriate, along with comments it may have received from shareholders
in the course of engaging with them when determining its approach to compensation for subsequent
financial years.

If you have not specified how you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the Named
Proxyholder as your proxyholder, the Named Proxyholder will vote FOR the above non-binding,
advisory resolution on executive compensation.


5 Approval and ratification of the Corporation’s amended
                                                                                                           MANAGEMENT
and restated Stock Incentive Plan                                                                          RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE


The shareholders will be asked to consider, and if deemed advisable, to pass an ordinary resolution
                                                                                                           FOR
approving and ratifying the Corporation’s Stock Incentive Plan, which was adopted by the Board, on         THE ADOPTION OF
the recommendation of the HRCG Committee, on March 17, 2021 and which amends and restates the              ORDINARY RESOLUTION
Corporation’s 1999 Stock Incentive Plan. We invite you to carefully review and consider the features       RATIFYING AND
of the amended and restated Stock Incentive Plan and how it amends the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan,          APPROVING AMENDED
as is it described in detail at the section titled “Our New Stock Incentive Plan” starting at page 84 of   AND RESTATED STOCK
this Circular, as well as the full text thereof on SEDAR at www.sedar.com.                                 INCENTIVE PLAN



                                                                                                                             14
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
The text of the ordinary resolution has been reproduced in Appendix “B” to this Circular.

If you have not specified how you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the Named
Proxyholder as your proxyholder, the Named Proxyholder will vote FOR the ordinary resolution
approving and ratifying the Corporation’s amended and restated Stock Incentive Plan.


  HOW TO NOMINATE A DIRECTOR TO THE BOARD
  If you wish to nominate a director to the Board without using a shareholder proposal, you must
  notify the Corporate Secretary according to the timeline in the table below. Your written notice
  must be in the format described in our Advance notice by-law (By-Law No. 2014-1), which you
  can find on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com).

                     If the first public announcement       You must send notice of
                     of the meeting is made:                director nominees no later than:
  Annual meetings    More than 50 days before the meeting   30 days before the meeting (but not earlier
                                                            than
                                                            65 days before the meeting)
                     50 days or less before the meeting     10 days after the first public announcement
                                                            of the meeting
  Special meetings                                          15 days after the first public announcement of
                                                            the meeting


  Public announcement means disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service
  in Canada, or in a public document filed on SEDAR.




                                                                                                             15
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Nominees for election to the Board of Directors
This year the Board is proposing fifteen (15) directors for nomination
                                                                                                              ENTREPRENEURIAL
to the Board (the “Director Nominees”). Each of them brings a range                                           BOARD
of skills and abilities, and as a group, they have the right balance of
business and senior leadership experience and expertise to oversee our                                        87%
business and strategic direction.                                                                             OF OUR DIRECTOR
                                                                                                              NOMINEES HAVE
                                                                                                              ENTREPRENEURIAL
Director Nominees profiles                                                                                    EXPERIENCE

The following section presents the profile of each our Director Nominees, including a description of
his or her experience and qualifications, principal occupation, participation on the Board (if applicable),
the number of Shares of the Corporation beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, or over which
control or direction is exercised, the number of deferred share units (“DSUs”) of the Corporation held,
as well as other public company board memberships. Class A Shares are valued at $46.85, the closing
price of our Class A Shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) on July 9, 2021; and Class B Shares
and DSUs are valued at $46.34, the closing price of our Class B Shares on the TSX on July 9, 2021.
A more detailed description of each Director Nominee’s competencies is described in the skills matrix
in the “Corporate Governance Practices” section of this Circular.




                                                                                                                                16
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                               Alain Bouchard has served as the Executive Chairman of Alimentation Couche-Tard since 2014, when he
                               stepped down after 25 years as President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Bouchard opened his first
                               convenience store in Québec in 1980 and founded the companies that grew into Alimentation Couche-Tard.
                               He has over 40 years of experience in the retail industry and worked with his closest collaborators and all staff
                               members to build Alimentation Couche-Tard into the business it is today. He is a member of the Board of
                               Directors of CGI Group Inc. and is a member of its Human Resources Committee.

                               Mr. Bouchard is an Officer of the Order of Canada and an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec. He also
                               has an honorary doctorate in Consumer Sciences from Université Laval in Québec City and an honorary
                               doctorate in Management from McGill University in Montréal. Mr. Bouchard has received many distinguished
  Alain Bouchard, O.C.,        awards for business excellence and his outstanding professional achievements, including:
  O.Q.                           ◼   Companion of the Order of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame
  Founder and Executive          ◼   Cercle des Grands entrepreneurs du Québec, a prestigious distinction awarded to exceptional
  Chairman, Alimentation             entrepreneurs whose achievements, ideals and commitment have contributed to Québec’s entrepreneurial
  Couche-Tard inc.                   vitality and economic development (February 2018)
                                 ◼   International Horatio Alger Award, which recognizes people who have persevered through challenges to
                                     become successful entrepreneurs and community leaders, from the Horatio Alger Association (March
  Age: 72                            2017)
  Director since 1988            ◼   Grand bâtisseur de l’économie du Québec from the Institute for governance (2014)
  Not independent                ◼   T. Patrick Boyle Founder’s award from the Fraser Institute (2014)
                                 ◼   NACS Insight International Convenience Leader of the year (2014).

                               Mr. Bouchard has been involved in an impressive number of fundraising campaigns and philanthropic
                               activities. He and his wife established the Sandra and Alain Bouchard Foundation in 2012, which supports
                               various causes associated with people living with intellectual disabilities as well as artistic and cultural projects.
                               In 2015 Mr. Bouchard and his wife were named Exceptional philanthropist of the year by the Québec Chapter
                               of the Association of Fundraising Professionals.
                               Mr. Bouchard lives in Montréal, Québec, Canada.
                               2020 votes FOR                      98.73%
                               Fiscal 2021 meeting                 100%
                               attendance
                               Committee memberships               Mr. Bouchard does not serve on any committees because he is a co-
                                                                   founder of the Corporation and Executive Chairman of the Board
                               Other public company boards         CGI Group Inc. (2013 - present) – member of the Human Resources
                               and committees                      Committee
                               Interlocking Relationships          None
                               Securities held                 ◼  Class A Shares: 115,352,844
                               As an executive, Mr. Bouchard   ◼  Class B Shares: 14,219,004
                               also earns Share Units and      ◼  Value of at risk holding: $6,063,189,387
                               options – see page 66.        Mr. Bouchard meets his executive equity ownership requirement – see
                                                             page 72 for details.




                                                                                                                                                  17
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                               Mélanie Kau is a seasoned retailer and corporate director with more than 30 years of experience in creating
                               customer connections. As a retailer she led Naturiste, a 67-store chain of natural supplements and vitamins, to
                               renewed profitability. As President of Mobilia, the largest independent furniture retailer in Eastern Canada, she
                               focused on building the brand and growing the retail network to its current size, with stores in Québec and
                               Ontario.

                               As a board member Ms. Kau is a member of the board of directors of Aéroports de Montréal where she chairs
                               its Governance and Human Resources Committee. She also serves on the board of a private company that is
                               building a network of fertility clinics in North America, where she is the board representative for Ovo Fertility.
                               Ms. Kau is passionate about entrepreneurship. She serves as Governor of the Young Chamber of Commerce,
                               where she mentors four young up-and-coming entrepreneurs. She has received several accolades for her
  Mélanie Kau                  business acumen and entrepreneurship, including Canada’s Top 40 under 40 and the John Molson School of
  Lead Director                Business Award of Distinction.
  Entrepreneur                 Ms. Kau lives in Westmount, Québec, Canada. She has a Master of Business Administration from Concordia
                               and a Master of Journalism from Northwestern University.
  Age: 59                      2020 votes FOR                     98.91%
  Director since 2006          2021 meeting attendance            100%
  Independent                  Committee memberships              Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee (chair)
                               Other public company boards None
                               and committees
                               Interlocking Relationships         None
                               Securities held                      ◼ Class B shares: nil

                                                                    ◼ Deferred share units: 151,944

                                                                    ◼ Value of at risk holding: $7,041,085


                                                                  Ms. Kau meets her equity ownership requirement – see page 36 for
                                                                  details.




                                                                                                                                              18
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                               Jean Bernier is a corporate director and has over 30 years of experience in the fuel, convenience store and
                               grocery store sectors of the retail industry. He joined Alimentation Couche-Tard on July 30, 2012 as Group
                               President, Fuel Americas and Operations North East, and served as Group President, Global Fuels and North-
                               East Operations from March 15, 2016. He retired from the Corporation effective April 30, 2018.

                               Mr. Bernier previously spent 15 years at Valero Energy Corporation, an international manufacturer and
                               marketer of transportation fuels and petrochemical products. He was Executive Vice President of Valero Energy
                               Corporation from 2011 to 2012, responsible for the overall operations of Ultramar Ltd, the company’s Canadian
                               subsidiary, all of the US and Canadian retail operations as well as the corporate functions of communications,
                               supply chain management and information services. From 1997 to 2011 he held a number of senior
  Jean Bernier
                               management positions with Ultramar Ltd. and served as President from 1999 to 2011, responsible for its overall
  Corporate Director
                               operations, and Vice-President, Retail Operations from 1997 to 1999. Prior to joining Ultramar Ltd., Mr. Bernier
                               was with Provigo Inc. for nine years and held a number of senior roles including Vice-President, Human
  Age: 64                      Resources, Vice-President, Maxi, Provigo Distribution, Inc. and Executive Vice-President and Chief Operating
  Director since 2019          Officer, C. Corp. Inc.

  Not Independent              Mr. Bernier has been a member of the board of C&E Seafood Canada LP, a private company, since 2018. He
                               was a member of the board of CrossAmerica Partners LP from 2017 to 2019. He is also a member of the board
                               of the Montréal Economic Institute and served on the board of the Canadian Fuels Association from 1999 to
                               2012, including the role of Chairman from 2007 to 2009.

                               Mr. Bernier lives in Westmount, Québec, Canada. He has a Master’s degree in Industrial Relations from the
                               University of Waterloo and a Bachelor’s degree from the Université de Montréal.
                               2020 votes FOR                    97.85%
                               2021 meeting attendance           100%
                               Committee memberships             Mr. Bernier does not serve on a committee because he is not an
                                                                 independent director
                               Other public company boards None
                               and committees
                               Interlocking Relationships        None
                               Securities held                     ◼ Class B Shares: 31,126

                                                                   ◼ Deferred share units: 4,282

                                                                   ◼ Value of at risk holding: $1,640,807

                                                                 Mr. Bernier meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 36 for
                                                                 details.




                                                                                                                                            19
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                               Karinne Bouchard is the global head of treasury and treasurer of Alimentation Couche-Tard since 2013. She is
                               also a member of the board of directors of Stingray Group, Inc. since February 2021 where she is a member of
                               the Audit Committee, and of the Sandra and Alain Bouchard Foundation, a foundation dedicated to financially
                               supporting organizations that work in the arts and culture sector, as well as organizations that provide support
                               to people living with intellectual disability in order to enable people to reach their full potential.

                               Ms. Bouchard also sits on the board of directors of FitSpirit, a Quebec-based not-for-profit whose mission is
                               to get teenage girls to be physically active throughout their lives by providing the necessary tools and
                               resources to schools with girls 12 to 17 years old. Ms. Bouchard also sits on the board of directors of the CQCD.
                               The CQCD is an association representing the vast majority of retail and distribution companies in Quebec. Its
  Karinne Bouchard,            mission is to represent, promote and enhance this sector as well as to develop resources to foster advancement
  CPA                          for its members.
  Global head of               Ms. Bouchard is a graduate with distinction of McGill University, and has a Bachelor's degree in Finance. She
  treasury, Treasurer of       also holds a master's degree in finance from the University of Sherbrooke, a Chartered Professional Accountant
  the Corporation              (CPA) certification, and an administrator accreditation of the Institute of Corporate Directors (ICD.D).
                               2020 votes FOR                      n/a
  Age: 42                      2021 meeting attendance             n/a
  New candidate                Committee memberships               n/a
  submitted for election       Other public company boards Stingray Group Inc. (February 2021 – present) – member of the Audit
  at the 2021 Annual           and committees              Committee
  Shareholder’s Meeting        Interlocking Relationships          Ms. Bouchard sits on the Board of directors of Stingray Group Inc.
                                                                   alongside Mr. Boyko
  Not Independent
                               Securities held                        ◼ Class B Shares: 27,522

                                                                      ◼ Deferred shares units: n/a

                                                                      ◼ Value of at risk holding: $1,275,369


                                                                   Ms. Bouchard meets her equity ownership requirement – see page 36 for
                                                                   details.




                                                                                                                                             20
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                               Eric Boyko is a global entrepreneur who has nearly two decades of experience with start-ups and extensive
                               expertise in early stage business innovations. He co-founded Stingray Group Inc. and has served as President
                               and Chief Executive Officer since 2010. Mr. Boyko founded and was President of eFundraising.com, an e-
                               commerce success story that became a leading player in the North American fundraising industry. Mr. Boyko
                               was named one of Canada’s Top 40 Under 40 in 2006.

                               Mr. Boyko’s passion for extreme sports and world travel fuels his drive for business excellence. He serves on
                               the board of directors of Stingray Group Inc. and Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. He is an active participant in
                               many philanthropic endeavours and is a member of the Montréal Canadiens Children’s Foundation’s board of
                               directors.
                               Mr. Boyko lives in Montréal, Québec, Canada. He is a graduate with great distinction of McGill University, and
  Eric Boyko, CPA              has a Bachelor of Commerce with a specialization in accounting and entrepreneurship.
  President, Chief             2020 votes FOR                    99.73%
  Executive Officer and        2021 meeting attendance           100%
  cofounder, Stingray          Committee memberships             Audit Committee (chair)
  Group Inc.                   Other public company boards Stingray Group Inc. (2007 – present)
                               and committees
  Age: 51                      Interlocking Relationships        Mr. Boyko sits on the Board of directors of Stingray Group Inc. alongside
                                                                 Ms. Bouchard
  Director since 2017
                               Securities held                     ◼ Class B Shares: 28,800

  Independent                                                      ◼ Deferred share units: 14,694

                                                                   ◼ Value of at risk holding: $2,015,512


                                                                 Mr. Boyko meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 36 for
                                                                 details.




                                                                                                                                             21
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                               Jacques D’Amours joined the Corporation as a co-founder in 1980 and worked with his closest collaborators
                               and all staff members to build Alimentation Couche-Tard into the business it is today.

                               He served in a variety of roles during his 34-year career, including Manager of Technical Services, Vice-
                               President of Sales and Vice-President of Administration and Operations. Mr. D’Amours retired from the
                               Corporation in 2014.

                               Mr. D’Amours lives in Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville, Québec, Canada.
                               2020 votes FOR                   98.50%
                               2020 meeting attendance          100%
                               Committee memberships            Mr. D’Amours does not serve on a committee because he is a co-founder
                                                                of the Corporation
  Jacques D’Amours             Other public company boards None
  Co-founder                   and committees

  Corporate director           Interlocking Relationships       None
                               Securities held                    ◼ Class A Shares: 63,441,616

                                                                  ◼ Class B Shares: 222,050

  Age: 64                                                         ◼ Deferred share units: 23,090

                                                                  ◼ Value of at risk holding: $3,005,251,757
  Director since 1988
                                                                Mr. D’Amours meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 36 for
  Not independent                                               details.




                                                                                                                                         22
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                               Janice L. Fields has served as President of McDonald’s USA, LLC, a subsidiary of McDonald’s Corporation, a fast
                               food chain operator and franchiser, from 2010 until her retirement in 2012.

                               Ms. Fields has broad operational, financial and leadership experience from her long-standing career in the
                               food industry, with particular expertise related to marketing, strategic planning, risk management, production,
                               and human resources. During her over 35-year career at McDonald's, she held numerous roles, from starting
                               as a crew member to holding several executive positions within McDonald’s USA, including as U.S. Division
                               President for the Central Division from 2003 through 2006 and Executive Vice President and Chief Operating
                               Officer from 2006 through 2010, when she was named President.
                               Additionally, Ms. Fields serves on the board of directors of Chico’s FAS since 2013, as well as the chair of its
  Janice L. Fields             Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee since 2014, and on the board of directors of Welbilt Inc.
  Corporate director           where she is also a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee.
                               Previously, she has served on the board of directors of Monsanto Corporation and Buffalo Wild Wings. She is
  Age: 65                      also a member of the global board of directors of the Ronald McDonald House Charities Global Brand since
                               2012.
  Director since 2020
  Independent                  Ms. Fields has been named to Forbes’ list of the World’s 100 Most Powerful Women and to Fortune’s 50 Most
                               Powerful Women in Business list.

                               Ms. Fields lives in Naples, Florida, United States.
                               2020 votes FOR                      99.87%
                               2021 meeting attendance             100%
                               Committee memberships               None
                               Other public company boards         Chico’s FAS, Inc. (2013 – present) – chair of the Corporate Governance and
                               and committees                      Nominating Committee
                                                                   Welbilt Inc. (2018 – present) – member of the Nominating and Governance
                                                                   Committee, member of the Compensation Committee
                               Interlocking Relationships          None
                               Securities held                        ◼   Class B Shares: nil
                                                                      ◼   Deferred share units: 2,416
                                                                      ◼   Value of at risk holding: $111,957
                                                                   Ms. Fields has until 2025 to meet her equity ownership requirement – see
                                                                   page 36 for details




                                                                                                                                            23
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                               Richard Fortin is a co-founder and served as Chairman of the Board from 2008 to 2011. He joined the
                               Corporation in 1984 and retired as Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer in 2008. Before joining
                               Alimentation Couche-Tard, he spent 13 years at several major financial institutions and was Vice-President of
                               Québec for a Canadian bank wholly owned by Société Générale (France).

                               Mr. Fortin served on the board of Transcontinental Inc. from 2004 to 2018 and was Lead Director and Chairman
                               of its Audit Committee, and on National Bank of Canada’s board from 2013 to 2018 as Chairman of the Risk
                               Management Committee and member of its Audit Committee. Mr. Fortin also served on the board of Rona
                               Inc. from 2009 to 2013, and on the board of National Bank Life Insurance Company from 2005 to 2018 and
                               was Chairman of its Audit Committee from 2013 to 2018.
                               Mr. Fortin lives in Boucherville, Québec, Canada. He has a Bachelor of Arts in management with a major in
  Richard Fortin               finance from Université Laval in Québec City.
  Co-founder                   2020 votes FOR                     98.48%
  Corporate director           2021 meeting attendance            100%
                               Committee memberships              Mr. Fortin does not serve on a committee because he is a co-founder of the
  Age: 72                                                         Corporation
                               Other public company boards        None
  Director since 1988
                               and committees
  Not independent              Interlocking Relationships         None
                               Securities held                      ◼   Class A Shares: 32,788,260
                                                                    ◼   Class B Shares: 1,051,800
                                                                    ◼   Deferred share units: 51,092
                                                                    ◼   Value of at risk holding: $1,587,237,996
                                                                  Mr. Fortin meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 36 for details.




                                                                                                                                           24
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                               Brian Hannasch is President and Chief Executive Officer of Alimentation Couche-Tard since 2014 and served
                               as its Chief Operating Officer from 2010 to 2014. Under his leadership, the Corporation has grown to be the
                               largest company in Canada in terms of revenue and one of the largest convenience store groups in the world.

                               He joined the Corporation in 2001 as Vice President Operations, U.S. Midwest, and has also served as Senior
                               Vice-President, U.S. Operations (2008 to 2010), Senior Vice President, Western North America (2004 to 2008),
                               Vice-President, Integration (2003 to 2004), where he was responsible for all aspects of U.S. operations.
                               Mr. Hannasch was Vice President of Operations for Bigfoot Food Stores LLC, a 225-unit convenience store
                               chain in the U.S. Midwest acquired by Alimentation Couche-Tard in 2001. Prior to that, he was at BP Amoco
                               from 1989 to 2000, and held various positions of increasing responsibility including Vice-President of
                               Marketing for the U.S. Midwest Business Unit.
  Brian Hannasch
                               Mr. Hannasch was named 2019 Retailer Executive of the Year by Convenience Store News’ blue-chip panel of
  President and Chief
                               c-store industry leaders. He was also named CEO of the year by The Globe and Mail in 2016 and has been a
  Executive Officer,
                               member of the board of directors of the Association for Convenience & Fuel Retailing (NACS) since 2016.
  Alimentation Couche-
  Tard inc.                    Mr. Hannasch lives in Columbus, Indiana, United States. He has a Master of Business Administration in
                               marketing and finance from the University of Chicago and a Bachelor of Arts in finance from Iowa State
                               University.
  Age: 54
                               2020 votes FOR                    99.61%
  Director since 2014
                               2021 meeting attendance           100%
  Not independent
                               Committee memberships             Mr. Hannasch does not serve on any committees because he is the
                                                                 Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer
                               Other public company boards None
                               and committees
                               Interlocking Relationships        None
                               Securities held                     ◼ Class B Shares: 892,662

                                                                   ◼ Value of at risk holding: $41,365,957
                               As an executive, Mr. Hannasch
                               also earns Share Units and        Mr. Hannasch meets his executive equity ownership requirement – see
                               options – see page 66.            page 72 for details.




                                                                                                                                          25
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                               Marie Josée Lamothe is an expert in global branding and product development as well as omnichannel
                               profitability with over 25 years of experience in the competitive digital and consumer products world. Ms.
                               Lamothe is a Professor of Practice at the Desautels Faculty of Management of McGill University and the
                               Director of McGill’s Dobson Center for Entrepreneurship. She is also President of Tandem International, an
                               advisory firm specializing in profit-driven omnichannel retailing. From 2014 to 2018, she was a Managing
                               Director at Google in Canada and from 2002 to 2014, she held several executive positions at L’Oréal, including
                               International Marketing Director in France, and Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Corporate Communications
                               Officer in Canada.

                               Ms. Lamothe serves on other boards, among which Lightspeed POS Inc. and the Desjardins Group, and was a
                               director of The Jean Coutu Group (PJC) Inc. from July 2016 until the privatization of the company in May 2018.
  Marie Josée Lamothe          Ms. Lamothe has been awarded the Desautels Achievement award by McGill University, which recognizes
  President, Tandem            individuals who serve as role models for students in their education, career, and philanthropic contributions
  International                and she received an honoree diploma from the Université de Montréal for her contribution to the advancement
                               of our society. Ms. Lamothe was named one of the Top 10 women in tech in Canada by Boardlist, one of
                               Canada’s Marketers of the Year by Strategy magazine. Forbes Magazine and Social Media Magazine in the U.S.
  Age: 53
                               named Ms. Lamothe as one of the Top Marketing Minds To Follow on social media in North America, and
  Director since 2019
                               Canadian Business magazine named her one of Canada's 40 Global Leaders.
  Independent
                               Ms. Lamothe lives in Montréal, Québec, Canada. She is a graduate of the Université de Montréal with degrees
                               in Mathematics and Economics with honours, and from INSEAD's L’Oréal’s Executive Management program.
                               2020 votes FOR                   99.91%
                               2021 meeting attendance          100%
                               Committee memberships            Audit Committee
                               Other public company boards Lightspeed POS Inc. (2018 - present) – chair of the Compensation,
                               and committees              Governance and Nomination Committee, and member of the Risk
                                                           Committee
                                                           Desjardins Group (2019 – present) – member of the Risk Committee
                               Interlocking Relationships       None
                               Securities held                    ◼ Class B Shares: 12,910

                                                                  ◼ Deferred share units: 5,589

                                                                  ◼ Value of at risk holding: $857,244


                                                                Ms. Lamothe meets her equity ownership requirement – see page – see
                                                                page 36 for details.




                                                                                                                                          26
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                               Monique Leroux is a corporate director and has extensive business experience. From 2008 to 2016, Ms. Leroux
                               was the Chair of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer of Desjardins Group. From 2016 to 2020,
                               Ms. Leroux was the Chair of the board of Investissement Québec. She serves as an independent director on
                               the boards of BCE Inc. / Bell Canada, the Michelin Group and S&P Global. She also serves as a non executive
                               senior advisor at Fiera Capital Corporation. In 2020, she has also been appointed as chair of the Industry
                               Strategy Council of Canada

                               Ms. Leroux is a Member of the Order of Canada, an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec, a Chevalier of the
                               Légion d’Honneur (France) and a Companion of the Order of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame and the
                               Investment Industry Hall of Fame. She has also received the Woodrow Wilson Award (United States), the
                               Outstanding Achievement Award from the Québec CPA Order and the Institute of Corporate Directors
                               Fellowship Award.
  Monique F. Leroux,
  C.M., O.Q., FCPA, FCA        Ms. Leroux gives her time and support to several not-for-profit organizations. She was appointed to the
  Corporate director           Canada-United States Council for Advancement of Women Entrepreneurs and Business Leaders and is a
                               member of the board of the Université de Sherbrooke and the Montréal Symphony Orchestra.

  Age: 66                      Ms. Leroux lives in Outremont, Québec, Canada. She has honorary doctorates from eight Canadian universities.

  Director since 2015          2020 votes FOR                   99.10%
  Independent                  2021 meeting attendance          100%
                               Committee memberships            Audit Committee
                               Other public company boards      Bell Inc. and Bell Canada (2016 - present) – chair of the Governance
                               and committees                   Committee and member of the Audit Committee
                                                                Michelin Group (2015 - present) – Chair of the ESG Committee and member
                                                                of the Audit Committee
                                                                S&P Global Inc. (2016 - present) – member of the Human Resources
                                                                Committee and the Audit Committee
                               Interlocking Relationships       None
                               Securities held                    ◼ Class B Shares: 2,500

                                                                  ◼ Deferred share units: 21,100
                                                                  ◼ Value of at risk holding: $1,093,624


                                                                Ms. Leroux meets her equity ownership requirement – see page 36 for
                                                                details.




                                                                                                                                         27
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                               Réal Plourde was Chairman of the Board from 2011 to 2014. He joined the Corporation in 1984 and served in
                               a variety of roles until his retirement in 2011, including Executive Vice-President from 2010 until his retirement
                               in 2011, Chief Operating Officer, Vice-President of Development, Sales and Operations, and Manager of
                               Technical Services. Mr. Plourde began his career working on various engineering projects in Canada and Africa.

                               Mr. Plourde is chairman of the board of directors of CIMA+ and serves on its Audit Committee.

                               Mr. Plourde and his wife, Ariane Riou, are recipients of the Lieutenant Governor’s Seniors Medal (February
                               2018), for their sustained community-based volunteer work, especially at the Palliative Care Home in Laval.

                               Mr. Plourde lives in Westmount, Québec, Canada. He has a Master of Business Administration from the École
                               des Hautes Études Commerciales in Montréal, an engineering degree in applied sciences from Université Laval
                               in Québec City, and is a member of the Ordre des Ingénieurs du Québec.
  Réal Plourde                 2020 votes FOR                     98.48%
  Co-founder                   2021 meeting attendance            100%
  Corporate director           Committee memberships              Mr. Plourde does not serve on a committee because he is a co-founder of
                                                                  the Corporation

  Age: 70                      Other public company boards None
                               and committees
  Director since 1988
                               Interlocking Relationships         None
  Not independent              Securities held                      ◼ Class A Shares: 13,341,288

                                                                    ◼ Class B Shares: 9,242,100

                                                                    ◼ Deferred share units: 23,008

                                                                    ◼ Value of at risk holding: $1,054,384,448


                                                                  Mr. Plourde meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 36 for
                                                                  details.




                                                                                                                                              28
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                               Daniel Rabinowicz is an independent marketing and business consultant. He was President of TAXI Montréal,
                               an advertising agency, from 2004 to 2008, and then President of TAXI’s New York office until his retirement in
                               2009. Prior to that he was at Cossette Communication Group, where he rose to become President of Cossette
                               Montréal and Co-President of Cossette Toronto. Mr. Rabinowicz started his career in advertising with Vickers
                               & Benson in 1975 and acquired experience as a brand manager at Catelli Ltd. before joining Cossette
                               Communication Group in 1985 as Director, Strategic Planning.

                               Mr. Rabinowicz is a member of the board of directors of Reitmans (Canada) Limited where he is Chairman of
                               the Board and serves on the Corporate Governance and Human Resources and Compensation Committees.
                               He is also a director of Wafu Inc. and the Montréal Holocaust Museum. Mr. Rabinowicz is the founder and
                               former President of Bénévolat d’entraide aux communicateurs, a non-profit organization that helps
                               professionals in the communications industry deal with their personal, professional or financial problems, and
  Daniel Rabinowicz
                               remains on the organization’s management committee.
  Corporate director
                               Mr. Rabinowicz lives in Saint-Lambert, Québec, Canada. He has a Master of Business Administration and a
                               Bachelor of Arts from McGill University.
  Age: 70
                               2020 votes FOR                    99.81%
  Director since 2013
                               2021 meeting attendance           100%
  Independent
                               Committee memberships             Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
                               Other public company boards Reitmans (Canada) Limited (2012 - present) – Chairman and member of the
                               and committees              Corporate Governance and Human Resources and Compensation
                                                           Committees
                               Interlocking Relationships        None
                               Securities held                     ◼ Class B Shares: 13,147

                                                                   ◼ Deferred share units: 16,096

                                                                   ◼ Value of at risk holding: $1,355,121


                                                                 Mr. Rabinowicz meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 36 for
                                                                 details.




                                                                                                                                          29
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                               Louis Têtu is an award-winning entrepreneur and business executive with 30 years of experience in
                               international technology businesses. Mr. Têtu is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Coveo Solutions Inc.,
                               a global provider of artificial intelligence powered business solutions for ecommerce, customer service and
                               workplace applications. Prior to Coveo, Mr. Têtu co-founded Taleo Corporation, a leading international
                               provider of cloud software for talent and human capital management, listed on NASDAQ in 2005 and
                               subsequently acquired by Oracle for US$1.9 billion in 2012. Mr. Têtu was Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
                               of the board of directors from the company’s inception in 1999 through 2007.

                               Prior to Taleo, Mr. Têtu was President of Baan SCS, the supply-chain management solutions group of Baan, a
                               global enterprise software company. This followed Baan’s acquisition of Berclain Group inc., which he co-
                               founded in 1989 and where he served as President until 1996.
  Louis Têtu                   Mr. Têtu also serves on the boards of Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services inc. and PetalMD, a
  Chairman and Chief           leading cloud applications provider in the medical sector. Mr. Têtu is involved in private equity across multiple
  Executive Officer, Coveo     business sectors.
  Solutions Inc.
                               In 1997 Mr. Têtu was honoured by Université Laval for his social contributions and business achievements. He
                               also received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of The Year award in the Technology category.
  Age: 57                      Mr. Têtu lives in Québec City, Québec, Canada. He is an Engineering graduate from Université Laval in Québec
  Director since 2019          City and a commercially licensed helicopter pilot.
  Independent                  2020 votes FOR                    99.82%
                               2021 meeting attendance           100%
                               Committee memberships             Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
                               Other public company boards Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services Inc. (2016 - present) –
                               and committees              member of the Governance and Ethics Committee
                               Interlocking Relationships        None
                               Securities held                     ◼ Class B Shares: 26,114

                                                                   ◼ Deferred share units: 5,306

                                                                   ◼ Value of at risk holding: $1,456,003


                                                                 Mr. Têtu meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 36 for
                                                                 details.




                                                                                                                                             30
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                                Louis Vachon is President and Chief Executive Officer of the National Bank of Canada since June 2007 and has
                                worked at the Bank since 1996 where he held a series of management positions, including Chief Operating
                                Officer.

                                Mr. Vachon serves on the board of directors of Molson Coors Beverage Company since May 2012. He is also
                                involved in a number of social and cultural organizations.

                                Mr. Vachon has a bachelor’s degree in Economics from Bates College and a master’s degree in International
                                Finance from Tufts’ Fletcher School. He is also a Chartered Financial Analyst, CFA.

                                Mr. Vachon lives in Montréal, Québec, Canada. He was awarded an honorary doctorate by the University of
                                Ottawa, Bishop’s University, Ryerson University, and Concordia University. In 2014, he was named CEO of the
                                Year by Canadian Business magazine, and Financial Personality of the Year by the business publication Finance
  Louis Vachon                  et Investissement in 2012 and 2014. Mr. Vachon received the Global Citizens Award from the United Nations
  President and Chief           Association in Canada, is a Member of the Order of Canada and the Ordre de Montréal and has been an Officer
  Executive Officer of          of the Ordre national du Québec since 2019 and was appointed Lieutenant-Colonel (H) of Les Fusiliers Mont-
  National Bank of              Royal.
  Canada
                                2020 votes FOR                    n/a
                                2021 meeting attendance           n/a
  Age: 58                       Committee memberships             n/a
  New candidate                 Other public company boards Molson Coors Beverage Company
  submitted for election        and committees
  at the 2021 Annual            Interlocking Relationships        None
  Shareholder’s Meeting         Securities held                     ◼ Class B Shares: nil

                                                                    ◼ Deferred share units: n/a
  Independent                                                       ◼ Value of at risk holding: nil


                                                                  Mr. Vachon has until 2026 to meet his equity ownership requirement –
                                                                  see page 36 for details.



Building a balanced Board
We believe that a diverse mix of director profiles is critical to a well-functioning Board, and an
important aspect of good corporate governance. A wide variety of perspectives promotes active
discussion and increases the likelihood that proposed solutions are balanced and comprehensive and
in the best interest of the Corporation and its shareholders.
The graphs below are a snapshot of the diversity of this year’s Director Nominees. You will find
information about each Director Nominee in the profiles in the previous section, and more about how
we structure our Board starting on page 43.




                                                                                                                                          31
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Independence
The Board includes 53% independent directors. To ensure the Board functions independently, we have
a Lead Director who meets with the independent directors in camera at every Board and committee
meeting.
Four of the Director Nominees, including the Founders and Executive Chairman, are not independent
because they are Corporation co-founders. Mr. Hannasch is not independent because he is our
President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), Ms. Bouchard is not independent because she is our
Global Head of Treasury and Treasurer, and Mr. Bernier is not independent because he was a former
executive officer of the Corporation and received compensation as a former executive of the
Corporation within the last three years.
The remaining eight Director Nominees are independent, within the meaning of the CSA Audit
Committee Rules in that each of them has no direct or indirect material relationship with the
Corporation and, in the reasonable opinion of the Board, are independent under the applicable laws,
regulations and listing requirements to which the Corporation is subject.
The following table sets forth the relationship of the Director Nominees:

Name                  Independent   Non-Independent Reason for Non-Independence

                                                                  Mr. Bouchard as one of the co-founders of the
                                                        Corporation is party to a voting agreement with Messrs.
                                          ✓                   D’Amours, Fortin and Plourde which grants them a
                                                       sufficient number of voting rights to affect materially the
Alain Bouchard                                                                        control of the Corporation.
Mélanie Kau                 ✓
                                                        Mr. Bernier received compensation within the last three
Jean Bernier                              ✓            years as part of his former executive officer duties of the
                                                                                                     Corporation
                                                              Ms. Bouchard as the Global Head of Treasury and
Karinne Bouchard                          ✓                        Treasurer is an employee of the Corporation
Eric Boyko                  ✓
                                                                  Mr. D’Amours as one of the co-founders of the
                                                        Corporation is party to a voting agreement with Messrs.
Jacques D’Amours                          ✓                   Bouchard, Fortin and Plourde which grants them a
                                                       sufficient number of voting rights to affect materially the
                                                                                      control of the Corporation.
Janice L. Fields            ✓
                                                      Mr. Fortin as one of the co-founders of the Corporation is
                                                            party to a voting agreement with Messrs. Bouchard,
Richard Fortin                            ✓               D’Amours and Plourde which grants them a sufficient
                                                      number of voting rights to affect materially the control of
                                                                                                the Corporation.
Brian Hannasch                            ✓          Mr. Hannasch is the President and CEO of the Corporation

Marie Josée Lamothe         ✓
Monique F. Leroux           ✓
                                                      Mr. Plourde as one of the co-founders of the Corporation
                                                         is party to a voting agreement with Messrs. Bouchard,
Réal Plourde                              ✓                 D’Amours and Fortin which grants them a sufficient
                                                      number of voting rights to affect materially the control of
                                                                                               the Corporation.
Daniel Rabinowicz           ✓
Louis Têtu                  ✓
Louis Vachon                ✓




                                                                                                                     32
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Other information about the Director Nominees

To the knowledge of the directors of Couche-Tard and according to information provided to us, other
than as disclosed below, none of the Director Nominees, and regarding item (iii) below, a significant
shareholder, are at the date of this Circular or have been, within the last ten years, a director, chief
executive officer or chief financial officer or, regarding item (iii) below, an executive officer of a
company which, while the person was acting in this capacity:
(i)       was the subject of a cease trade or similar order or an order that denied the relevant company
access to any exemption under securities legislation, for a period of more than 30 consecutive days;
(ii)     was, after the director or executive officer ceased to be a director or executive officer, the
subject of a cease trade or similar order or an order that denied the relevant company access to any
exemption under securities legislation, for a period of more than 30 consecutive days as a result of an
event which occurred while the director or executive officers was acting in this capacity; or
(iii)    within a year of that person ceasing to act in that capacity, became bankrupt, made a
proposal under any legislation relating to bankruptcy or insolvency or was subject to or instituted any
proceedings, arrangement or compromise with creditors or had a receiver, receiver manager or trustee
appointed to hold its assets.
Mr. Fortin was a director of Les Jardins Val-Mont Inc. (Val-Mont) from 2009 until August 6, 2015. On
July 8, 2016, Val-Mont filed a proposal under the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), which was
approved by the Court on September 8, 2016.

Mr. Boyko was a director of Bouclair Inc., from December 10, 2014 to June 1, 2020. On November 11,
2019, Bouclair Inc., and Bouclair International Inc., (“Bouclair”) each filed a notice of intention to make
a proposal to its creditors under the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada). On May 11, 2020, Bouclair
filed a proposal to their creditors with the Office of the Superintendent of Bankruptcy of Canada and
on May 22, 2020, the Quebec Superior Court rendered an order granting a motion approving a
transaction between Bouclair as vendors, and Alston Investments Inc., as purchaser.

Ms. Lamothe was a director of Reitmans (Canada) Limited (“Reitmans”) until August 30, 2019 as well
as a director of Aldo Group Inc., (“Aldo”) until December 31, 2019. In 2020, given the impact of Covid
on the retail industry, Reitmans and Aldo sought protection from their creditors under the Companies’
Creditors Arrangement Act (CCAA) on May 19, 2020 and May 6, 2020, respectively.

Mr. Rabinowicz is currently Chairman of the Board of Reitmans where he serves on the Corporate
Governance and Human Resources and Compensation Committees. Reitmans voluntarily filed for
creditor protection from bankruptcy under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (CCAA) and
successfully obtained an order from the Quebec Superior Court commencing proceedings under the
CCAA on May 19, 2020.

Loans to directors and officers
We can grant loans to our directors, officers and other employees in the regular course of business as
long as the loans comply with legal and regulatory requirements and are on market terms. As at July
9, 2021 there were no loans outstanding.




                                                                                                              33
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Director Compensation
The Corporation’s director compensation program is designed (i) to attract and retain the most
qualified individuals to serve on the Board of Directors and its committees, (ii) to align the interests of
the directors with the long-term interests of the Corporation’s shareholders, and (iii) to provide
appropriate compensation for the risks and responsibilities related to being an effective director.


Our Director Compensation Policy
The following was our director compensation policy for fiscal 2021:
  ◼ directors who are employed by the Corporation (the “Executive Directors”) do not receive

     director compensation;
  ◼ at least 50% of the annual Board retainer fee is paid in (“DSUs”);

  ◼ directors who are not otherwise employed by the Corporation (the “Non-Executive Directors”)

     can choose to have up to 100% of their compensation paid in DSUs;
  ◼ Non-Executive Directors must hold at least four times their annual retainer in shares or DSUs, and

     have five years from their election to the Board to meet this requirement;
  ◼ the Corporation does not grant stock options to Non-Executive Directors.




Oversight and Benchmarking
The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee (the “HRCG Committee”) and the Lead
Director are mandated by the Board to review the Non-Executive Directors compensation and to make              ABOUT THE DIRECTOR
recommendations to the Board in order to ensure that such compensation is established in an                    COMPENSATION PEER
equitable manner taking into account the responsibilities and risks associated with the performance            GROUP
of director duties. In connection with this review, every two years, the Committee retains an outside          We use different peer groups
compensation consultant to benchmark the Corporation’s Non-Executive Directors’ compensation                   to benchmark director and
against the median of compensation from a peer group of Canadian companies in the retail and food              executive compensation:
manufacturing industries. Based on the results of the benchmarking review, the HRCG Committee then              ◼   Non-Executive Directors are
recommends to the Board any adjustments to the Non-Executive Directors’ compensation that may                       mainly recruited in Canada,
be necessary or appropriate to achieve the objectives of the Corporation’s director compensation                    so their compensation peer
program.                                                                                                            group is only made up of
The last time the Committee retained an outside compensation consultant, namely Willis Towers                       Canadian-based
Watson, to assess the Corporation’s Non-Executive Directors’ compensation against a peer group of                   companies.
five Canadian companies was in fiscal 2020. The peer group that had been used for the benchmarking              ◼   Executives   are   recruited
exercise was:                                                                                                       from around the world, so
                                                                                                                    their   compensation   peer
  ◼   Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited
                                                                                                                    group includes international
  ◼   Empire Company Limited
                                                                                                                    companies.
  ◼   George Weston Limited
  ◼   Metro Inc.                                                                                               You can read more about how
  ◼   Restaurant Brands International Inc.                                                                     we benchmark executive
The companies in the peer group all have North American operations, annual revenues from $7 to $49             compensation on page 71.
billion, a market capitalization from $8 to $20 billion, and all are in similar or related industries – food
retail, general merchandising, oil and gas refining and marketing, or restaurants.
Based on Willis Towers Watson’s report, in fiscal 2020 the Committee recommended to the Board to
eliminate the meeting fees from the compensation structure, as it is a declining trend in the market,
and to adopt a flat fee yearly compensation approach for its Non-Executive Directors. In conjunction
with these changes to the compensation structure, in fiscal 2021 the Board retainer was increased by
an amount of $70,000 to be paid over a two-year period (allowing for up to 50% cash, 50% DSUs). In
fiscal 2021, the Board retainer fee therefore increased from $110,000 to $145,000, the Lead Director



                                                                                                                                            34
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
additional retainer remained at $35,000, the Committee Chair additional retainer remained at $33,000,
and the Committee member retainer remained at $13,000 respectively.
Starting in fiscal 2022, the remainder of the increase was paid to the Non-Executive Directors as part
of their quarterly compensation.                                                                          EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS DO
                                                                                                          NOT RECEIVE DIRECTOR
Annual Retainers                                                                                          COMPENSATION
                                                                                                          Alain Bouchard does not
                                                                                                          receive director compensation
The table below shows the annual retainer fees payable to the Corporation’s Non-Executive Directors
                                                                                                          because he is compensated in
in fiscal 2021:
                                                                                                          his role as Founder and
Fiscal 2021                                                       Board Retainer                          Executive Chairman.
Director Position                                                       $145,000
Lead Director Retainer and Chair of the Human Resources and                                               Brian Hannasch does not
                                                                        $213,000
Corporate Governance Committee                                                                            receive director compensation
Audit Committee Chair Retainer                                          $178,000                          because he is compensated in
Committee Member Retainer                                               $158,000                          his role as President and Chief
                                                                                                          Executive Officer.

Deferred Share Unit Plan

The Corporation has adopted a DSU plan (the “DSUP”) which enables Non-Executive Directors, among
others, to align their economic interests with those of the Corporation’s shareholders and to assist
them in meeting the requirements set forth in the Corporation’s Shareholding Guidelines. In order to
ensure its continued relevancy for incentivizing performance and favouring talent retention, the DSUP
was reviewed and amendments in fiscal 2021.
Unless otherwise determined, DSUs vest immediately upon being granted. However, no Director who
is a holder of DSUs has any right to receive any payment under the DSU Plan until he or she ceases to
be an Eligible Director (and is not at that time an employee of the Corporation) including by death,
disability, retirement or resignation. Eligible Directors receive at least 50% of their compensation in
DSUs, the exact number of which is calculated using the Market Value of the Shares at the time of the
grant. DSUs can only be redeemed for cash and the dollar amount is calculated using the market value
of Class B Shares on the payment date.
Detailed information on the DSU Plan is included in Appendix “D” of this Circular.


Non-Executive Directors minimum equity ownership
requirements

Pursuant to the Corporation’s Shareholding Guidelines, directors are required to establish, over a
period of five years, ownership of an amount of Shares and/or DSUs which is equivalent in value to
four times the annual Board retainer, and subsequently maintain such minimum ownership position
for the duration of his or her tenure as a director. Following the implementation of changes to the
Non-Executive Directors compensation effective in fiscal 2021, the total value of a Non-Executive
Director’s Shares and/or DSUs will have to be at least $720,000.
The following table shows the total number of Class A Shares and/or Class B Shares, as well as DSUs
owned by each Non-Executive Director as at April 26, 2020 and April 25, 2021 respectively. The total
value held by each Non-Executive Director has been calculated using $41.83 and $41.64, the closing




                                                                                                                                    35
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
price on the TSX of the Class A Shares and Class B Shares respectively on April 23, 2021, the last trading
day of fiscal 2021.
                                                                                                   Date by which the
                                                               Total value as    Meets ownership          ownership
                            Class A    Class B              at April 25, 2021       requirement requirement must be
                                                  DSUs(1)
                            shares     shares                                                                   met
Mélanie Kau                       -           -   150,881          $6,282,685                  yes        Requirement is met
Jean Bernier                      -      31,126    3,625           $1,447,032                  yes        Requirement is met
Eric Boyko(2)                     -     25,800     13,840           $1,650,610                 yes        Requirement is met
Jacques D’Amours         63,926,616    222,050    22,433        $2,684,230,619                 yes        Requirement is met
Janice Fields(3)                  -           -     1,759             $73,245                   no          September 2025
Richard Fortin           32,788,260   1,051,800   50,435        $1,417,429,981                 yes        Requirement is met
Marie Josée                                                                                               Requirement is met
                                  -      12,910    4,855             $739,735                  yes
Lamothe(4)
Monique F. Leroux                 -      2,500    20,366             $952,099                  yes        Requirement is met
Réal Plourde             13,341,288 9,242,100      22,351        $943,837,817                  yes        Requirement is met
Daniel Rabinowicz                 -     16,347     15,729          $1,335,645                  yes        Requirement is met
Louis Têtu(5)                     -     26,114     4,573            $1,277,765                 yes        Requirement is met
      (1)   Includes dividend equivalents earned on DSUs.
      (2)   Mr. Boyko holds his Class B Shares through his holding company.
      (3)   Ms. Fields, who was first appointed to the Board on September 16, 2020, has a period of five years to meet her
            ownership requirement.
      (4)   Ms. Lamothe holds 2,048 of her Class B shares through her holding company.
      (5)   Mr. Têtu holds 22,514 of his Class B Shares through his holding company.


Directors may not purchase financial instruments to hedge or offset a decrease in the market value of Shares held for the purpose of the
Director Share Ownership Requirement. As Executive Chairman, Alain Bouchard and as the President and CEO, Brian Hannasch are required
to comply with the Executive Share Ownership Requirement (see section entitled “Executive Share Ownership Requirement” on page 72 for
additional details).


Non-Executive Directors’ compensation table

The following table lists all compensation earned during fiscal 2021 by the Non-Executive Directors,
as at April 25, 2021. On March 17, 2020, the Board approved a flat fee yearly compensation approach,
therefore eliminating the meeting fees and providing for an increase of $70,000 over a two-year
period. The fees were paid quarterly except for the first half of the increase to the annual Board retainer
which was paid only on April 1, 2021 as a lump sum as a result of the pandemic.
We calculated the number of DSUs awarded as payment of the Board retainer by dividing the dollar
amount of the award by the weighted average trading price of our Class B Shares on the TSX over the
five trading days immediately before the payment date.
                                                                                           All other       Total                          How it was
                                                                       Fees Earned     compensation compensation                           allocated
                                         Board        Lead             Committee
                                                   Director
                                                                    chair   member                                                 cash        DSUs
Mélanie Kau(1)                        $145,000       $35,000     $33,000          -                   -        $213,000              -    $213,000
Jean Bernier                          $145,000              -           -         -                   -        $145,000              -    $145,000
Nathalie Bourque(2)                     $27,500             -           -    $3,250                   -         $30,750        $15,375     $15,375
Eric Boyko(3)                         $145,000              -    $33,000          -                   -        $178,000              -    $178,000
Jacques D’Amours                      $145,000              -           -         -                   -        $145,000              -    $145,000
Janice Fields(4)                        $98,283             -           -         -                   -         $98,283              -     $98,283
Richard Fortin                        $145,000              -           -         -          $75,000(9)        $220,000        $75,000    $145,000
Marie Josée Lamothe(5)                $145,000              -           -   $13,000                   -        $158,000              -    $158,000
Monique F. Leroux(6)                  $145,000              -           -   $13,000                   -        $158,000              -    $158,000
Réal Plourde                          $145,000              -           -         -          $75,000(9)        $220,000        $75,000    $145,000
Daniel Rabinowicz(7)                  $145,000              -           -   $13,000                   -        $158,000        $79,000     $79,000




                                                                                                                                                       36
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                                                                                           All other       Total                     How it was
                                                                       Fees Earned     compensation compensation                      allocated
                                         Board        Lead             Committee
                                                   Director
                                                                    chair   member                                            cash         DSUs
Louis Têtu(8)                          $145,000             -           -   $13,000                 -       $158,000             -    $158,000
Total                                                                                                      $1,974,606
(1)     Melanie Kau is the Lead Director and Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee.
(2)     Ms. Bourque retired from the Board effective September 16, 2020. Her annual Board member retainers were prorated accordingly. She elected
        to receive half of her prorated annual retainers in cash.
(3)     Mr. Boyko is the Chair of the Audit Committee.
(4)     Ms. Fields was appointed to the Board on September 16, 2020. Her retainer was prorated accordingly.
(5)     Ms. Lamothe is a member of the Audit Committee.
(6)     Ms. Leroux is a member of the Audit Committee.
(7)     Mr. Rabinowicz is a member of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee. He chose to receive half of his annual Board
        retainer and Committee fees in cash.
(8)     Mr. Tetu is a member of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee.
(9)     Messrs. Fortin and Plourde each received an additional $75,000 for consulting services, which was paid to their respective corporations.



Incentive plan awards – value vested or earned during
fiscal 2021

The table below shows the aggregate dollar value that would have been realized if the DSUs issued in
fiscal 2021 had been cashed on the grant date.
                                                                                                  Non-equity incentive
                                         Option-based awards –        Share-based awards –
                                                                                                  plan compensation –
                                            value vested during         value vested during
                                                                                                   value earned during
                                                  the fiscal year             the fiscal year
                                                                                                              the year
Mélanie Kau                                                     -                $213,000                               -
Jean Bernier                                                    -                $145,000                               -
Nathalie Bourque                                                -                  $15,375                              -
Eric Boyko                                                      -                $178,000                               -
Jacques D’Amours                                                -                $145,000                               -
Janice Fields                                                   -                  $98,283                              -
Richard Fortin                                                  -                $145,000                               -
Marie Josée Lamothe                                             -                $158,000                               -
Monique F. Leroux                                               -                $158,000                               -
Réal Plourde                                                    -                $145,000                               -
Daniel Rabinowicz                                               -                  $79,000                              -
Louis Têtu                                                      -                $158,000                               -



Incentive plan awards – total value as of year-end

The following table summarizes for each Non-Executive Director the value of DSUs outstanding as at
April 25, 2021.
                                                                                            Market or payout value of
                                                                Market or payout value of
                                  DSUs that have not vested                               vested DSUs not paid out or
                                                                DSUs that have not vested
                                                                                                        distributed(1)
Mélanie Kau                                                 -                           -                    $6,282,685
Jean Bernier                                                -                           -                      $150,945
Eric Boyko                                                  -                           -                      $576,298




                                                                                                                                                    37
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                                                                                                Market or payout value of
                                                                    Market or payout value of
                                    DSUs that have not vested                                 vested DSUs not paid out or
                                                                    DSUs that have not vested
                                                                                                            distributed(1)
Jacques D’Amours                                                -                             -                          $934,110
Janice Fields                                                   -                             -                           $73,245
Richard Fortin                                                  -                             -                        $2,100,113
Marie Josée Lamothe                                             -                             -                          $202,162
Monique F. Leroux                                               -                             -                          $847,999
Réal Plourde                                                    -                             -                          $930,695
Daniel Rabinowicz                                               -                             -                          $654,956
Louis Têtu                                                      -                             -                          $190,378
     (1)     Consists of DSUs, including DSUs issued as dividend equivalents. The value of DSUs that have vested but no
             been paid out at fiscal year-end is calculated by multiplying the number of vested DSUs held as at April 25, 2021
             by the closing price of our Class B Shares on the TSX on April 23, 2021, the last trading day of fiscal 2021 ($41.64).



Upcoming changes to Non-Executive Director
compensation in fiscal 2022
Considering the changes made to the compensation program for our Non-Executive Directors
effective as of fiscal 2021, there are currently no planned changes to the Non-Executive Directors
compensation for fiscal 2022.


Composition of our Board

Our Board of Directors oversees the management of Alimentation Couche-Tard with a view to
                                                                                                                                      BOARD COMMITTEES
increasing shareholder value over time all the while maintaining all other stakeholders’ interests in
mind. The Board makes major policy decisions and reviews the performance and effectiveness of the                                     The Audit Committee and
management team, which is responsible for our day-to-day operations.                                                                  Human       Resources       and
                                                                                                                                      Corporate           Governance
To ensure the Board operates independently of management, it has a Lead Director who has been                                         Committee carry out many of
recommended by the HRCG Committee and approved by the Board. The Lead Director is responsible                                         these responsibilities on behalf
for, among other things, providing leadership to the independent directors and making sure directors                                  of the Board.
and management understand the responsibilities of the Board, and that they clearly understand and
observe the boundaries between the responsibilities of each. The independent members of the Board                                     You can learn more about the
meet with the Lead Director – without management or the non-independent directors – after every                                       committees and read the 2021
quarterly and annual Board meeting and every committee meeting.                                                                       committee reports starting on
                                                                                                                                      page 43.
Two standing committees help the Board carry out its responsibilities. Both committees are made up
entirely of independent directors. You can read about the committees on page 43.

Board Size, Composition and Skills
Although the maximum number of directors permitted by the Corporation’s articles is twenty (20), the
Board has the ability to increase or decrease its size within the limits defined by the articles of the
Corporation and in accordance with applicable laws. The Board believes that a size of eight to twenty
(8-20) directors is appropriate.
The HRCG Committee reviews the size of the Board and the mix of skills of the existing directors every
year, and when it is considering new director candidates for the Board. Its goal is to build a diverse
group of directors who collectively have the relevant skills, experience and qualities necessary to
support our strategic direction, meet the challenges the Corporation faces and serve the long-term
interests of our shareholders.
We recognize the importance of maintaining an effective balance of director expertise and
independence. We have benefited greatly from the experience of the more senior members of the
Board over time, but have also refreshed the Board, by adding several new independent directors over
the last years. You can read about all the Director Nominees beginning on page 16.


                                                                                                                                                                 38
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Conflict of Interest
In accordance with applicable law, each director is required to disclose to the Board any potential
conflict of interest he or she may have in a matter before the Board or a committee thereof at the
beginning of the Board or committee meeting. A director who is in a potential conflict of interest must
not attend any part of the meeting during which the matter is discussed or participate in a vote on
such matter.

Board Interlocks
To maintain director independence and to avoid potential conflicts of interest, the Board reviews the
number of board interlocks among its directors. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, no more
than two directors may serve together on the board of another public company, and directors may
not serve together on the boards of more than two other public companies. As at July 9, 2021, two of
the Board’s Directors Nominees, Ms. Bouchard and Mr. Boyko, sit together on the board of Stingray
Group Inc.

Other Directorships
The Corporation values the experience and perspective that directors bring from their service on other
boards, but also recognizes that other board memberships and activities may also limit a director’s
time and availability and may present conflicts of interest or legal issues, including independence
issues. As a general rule, directors should limit their service as directors on publicly-held company and
investment company boards to no more than five (including the Corporation’s Board). Service on the
boards of subsidiary companies with no publicly traded stock is not included in this calculation.
Without specific approval from the Board, the Corporation's CEO may serve on no more than two
public company boards (including the Corporation's Board). Furthermore, no director shall serve as a
director, officer or employee of the Corporation’s competitor. A director wishing to join any other
board of directors, whether a private or public corporation, must first request permission of the Chair
of the Board so that the appropriate review can be undertaken to ensure that there is no potential
conflict or any other legal or business concerns.

Position Descriptions                                                                                       POSITION DESCRIPTIONS
The Board has developed written position descriptions for the Executive Chairman of the Board, for          The Board has developed
the Lead Director, for the Committee chairs and for the CEO to complemnent the Board’s charder.             position descriptions for the
The complete text of the position descriptions can be found on the Corporation’s website at                 Founder     and      Executive
https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/our-company/leadership-governance/governance/.                             Chairman, the Lead Director,
                                                                                                            the chairs of each Board
These descriptions are reviewed annually by the HRCG Committee and are updated as required.                 committee, and the President
                                                                                                            and Chief Executive Officer.
Meeting attendance
                                                                                                            These are available on our
Board and committee meetings are called and held as described in our by-laws. Directors are expected        website        (corpo.couche-
to attend all meetings. Meetings run efficiently because directors have materials well before each          tard.com).
meeting, giving them enough time to prepare for thorough discussion.

                                                                    Committee meetings


                                                                  Human Resources and          Total 2021
                         Board meetings                Audit      Corporate Governance        attendance
Alain Bouchard              9 of 9 (100%)                  –                           –            100%

Mélanie Kau                 9 of 9 (100%)                  –                4 of 4 (100%)           100%

Jean Bernier                9 of 9 (100%)                  –                           –            100%

Nathalie Bourque            4 of 4 (100%)                  –                2 of 2 (100%)           100%

Eric Boyko                  9 of 9 (100%)       4 of 4 (100%)                          –            100%

Jacques D’Amours            9 of 9 (100%)                  –                           –            100%

Janice L. Fields            5 of 5 (100%)                                                           100%




                                                                                                                                     39
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                                                                       Committee meetings


                                                                     Human Resources and          Total 2021
                            Board meetings                Audit      Corporate Governance        attendance
Richard Fortin                 9 of 9 (100%)                  –                           –            100%

Brian Hannasch                 9 of 9 (100%)                  –                           –            100%

Marie Josée Lamothe            9 of 9 (100%)       4 of 4 (100%)                          –            100%

Monique F. Leroux              9 of 9 (100%)       4 of 4 (100%)                          –            100%

Réal Plourde                   9 of 9 (100%)                  –                           –            100%

Daniel Rabinowicz              9 of 9 (100%)                  –                4 of 4 (100%)           100%

Louis Têtu                     9 of 9 (100%)                  –                2 of 2 (100%)           100%


Director nomination process
The HRCG Committee is responsible for developing, reviewing, and monitoring criteria, as well as
establishing procedures for evaluating and recommending potential directors to the Board for                   DIRECTOR NOMINATION
approval. Its goal is to build a diverse group of directors who collectively have the relevant skills,
experience and qualities necessary to support the Corporation’s strategic direction, meet the                   1. IDENTIFY GAPS ON
challenges the Corporation faces and serve the long-term interests of our shareholders.                              THE BOARD

In support of this goal, the HRCG Committee will, when identifying candidates to nominate for election
to the Board:
                                                                                                                         +
             (a)   consider individuals who are highly qualified, based on their talents, experience,              2. MEET WITH
                   functional expertise and personal skills, character and qualities having regards to the     POTENTIAL CANDIDATES
                   Corporation’s current and future plans and objectives, as well as anticipated regulatory
                   and market developments;                                                                              +
             (b)   consider criteria that promotes gender balance and diversity, including with regards to
                                                                                                                  3. RECOMMEND
                   gender, ethnicity, age, geographical location, and other dimensions;
                                                                                                                 NOMINEES TO THE
             (c)   consider the level of representation of women on the Board and in executive officer                 BOARD
                   positions along with markers of diversity when making recommendations for nominees
                   to the Board or for appointment as executive officers and in general with regard to                   +
                   succession planning for the Board and executive officers; and
                                                                                                                 4. NOMINATE FOR
             (d)   as required, engage qualified independent external advisors to assist the Board in
                                                                                                                    APPROVAL BY
                   conducting its search for candidates that meet the Board’s criteria regarding skills,
                                                                                                                  SHAREHOLDERS
                   gender balance, experience and diversity.
To assist in this process, the HRCG Committee shall be mandated to consider as part of its policies
and procedures:
             (a)   the periodic evaluation and assessment of individual directors as well as Board
                   committees and the Board as a whole to identify strengths and areas for improvement;
             (b)   in consultation with the Board, the development and maintenance of a skills matrix that
                   identifies the skills and expertise required for the Board along with potential areas for
                   growth and improvement; and
             (c)   measures designed to ensure that the nominee recruitment and identification process
                   are appropriate in terms of depth and scope to foster identification and progression of
                   diverse candidates.
Please see page 16 for information about this year’s Director Nominees.
The Board is satisfied that this year’s group of Director Nominees meets our requirements for a healthy
board culture that promotes diverse perspectives and good governance.

Skills matrix
The HRCG Committee uses a skills matrix to help assess the overall skills of the Board and identify
gaps. The skills matrix outlines the desired qualifications, attributes, skill and experience that are


                                                                                                                                   40
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
important to and necessary for the proper functioning of the Board and are reviewed annually. These
areas of expertise are intended to complement the general qualifications and attributes that are
sought in all Board members, such as high ethics and integrity, senior executive leadership, strategic
acumen, sound business judgement, as well as willingness to devote the required amount of time to
carry out the duties and responsibilities of Board service.
The following table outlines the skills of our Director Nominees:




                                             Alain Bouchard                               Karinne Bouchard   Jacques D’ Amours   Janice L. Fields                    Brian Hannasch                 Marie Josée Lamothe   Monique F. Leroux                  Daniel Rabinowicz
                                                              Jean Bernier   Eric Boyko                                                             Richard Fortin                    Mélanie Kau                                             Réal Plourde                       Louis Têtu   Louis Vachon
CHARACTERISTICS
Independence                                                                 ✓                                                   ✓                                                    ✓             ✓                     ✓                                  ✓                   ✓            ✓
Other for-profit directorships               ✓                ✓              ✓            ✓                                      ✓                  ✓                                 ✓             ✓                     ✓                   ✓              ✓                   ✓            ✓
SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
Entrepreneurship                             ✓                ✓              ✓ ✓                             ✓                                      ✓                ✓                ✓             ✓                     ✓                   ✓              ✓                   ✓            ✓
Financial literacy                           ✓                ✓              ✓ ✓                             ✓                   ✓                  ✓                ✓                ✓             ✓                     ✓                   ✓                                  ✓            ✓
Corporate governance                         ✓                ✓              ✓ ✓                             ✓                   ✓                  ✓                ✓                ✓             ✓                     ✓                   ✓              ✓                   ✓            ✓
Compensation, labour relations, human
resources
                                             ✓                ✓              ✓                               ✓                   ✓                  ✓                                 ✓             ✓                     ✓                   ✓              ✓                   ✓            ✓
Senior executive leadership                  ✓                ✓              ✓                               ✓                   ✓                  ✓                ✓                ✓             ✓                     ✓                   ✓              ✓                   ✓            ✓
Corporate social responsibility,
environment
                                             ✓                ✓              ✓ ✓                             ✓                   ✓                  ✓                ✓                ✓             ✓                     ✓                   ✓              ✓                   ✓            ✓
Marketing, communications                    ✓                ✓              ✓ ✓                             ✓                   ✓                                   ✓                ✓             ✓                     ✓                   ✓              ✓                   ✓            ✓
Digital economy                                                              ✓                                                                                                        ✓             ✓                     ✓                                  ✓                   ✓            ✓
Oil, Gas and Energy sector experience        ✓                ✓              ✓ ✓                             ✓                                      ✓                ✓                                                                        ✓
Information technology                                                       ✓                                                                      ✓                                               ✓                     ✓                   ✓                                  ✓            ✓
International retail and consumer products   ✓                ✓              ✓ ✓                             ✓                   ✓                  ✓                ✓                ✓             ✓                     ✓                   ✓              ✓                   ✓            ✓
Industry knowledge                           ✓                ✓              ✓ ✓                             ✓                   ✓                  ✓                ✓                ✓             ✓                     ✓                   ✓              ✓                                ✓




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             41
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Orientation and continuing education
The HRCG Committee is responsible for orientation and ongoing education of directors.
                                                                                                             CONTINUING
Orientation                                                                                                   EDUCATION
All new directors are given a director’s guide that contains information about the Corporation and our
industry, Board and Committee mandates, the Code and other corporate policies. The objective of our
                                                                                                         REGULAR NEWSFEED
orientation process is that new Directors grasp the Corporation’s areas of focus in order to start
contributing to board effectiveness as quickly as possible. Directors attend orientation presentations
by key executives, who provide in-depth information about the industry, our Corporation and our                  +
North American and European businesses, our strategy, risks, culture and key issues. They also meet
with our Executive Chairman or one of the other founders to better understand the Corporation’s              ONGOING
busines model and culture. New directors are also given an overview of the role and functioning of         PRESENTATIONS
the Board and its Committees and what is expected of them in their role as director. Finaly, new
Directors and also provided with the opportunity to participate in a site tour.
                                                                                                                 +
Continuing education
The continuing education program for directors is structured to broaden their knowledge of the            ANNUAL STRATEGIC
Corporation and the industry and keep them up to date on company initiatives. These initiatives              MEETING
include the following:
Newsfeeds: Directors receive newsfeeds on a regular basis from the executive group that keeps them               +
current and gives them a window into our extensive network of stores.
Ongoing presentations: Directors attend regular presentations on the main areas of the Corporation’s     COMMITTEE SPECIFIC
business, financial matters, operations and overall industry. These presentations include highlighting     PRESENTATIONS
market conditions and trends that may impact the Corporation’s business and influence its growth
strategy and worldwide outlook, key risks and opportunities. These presentations are generally held
during Board meetings and give directors an opportunity to talk to executives and senior                         +
management.
Annual strategic meeting: Directors also attend an annual strategic planning meeting, where they have     ANNUAL IN-DEPTH
the opportunity to review and discuss with senior management the Corporation’s long-term strategic         TRAININGND
plan.                                                                                                      PROGRAMS
Committee specific presentations: at the committee level, continuing education topics are added to             +
committee agendas from time to time through out the year. For example, invited outside advisors
provide regular updates on developments in corporate governance, tax legislation or executive            OTHER SEMINARS AND
compensation practices.                                                                                      PROGRAMS
Annual in-depth training: Once a year, directors attend an in-depth session designed to increase their
knowledge of the industry and our business activities globally. External consultants are often invited
to present, and sessions can include tours of international operations and discussions of future
business trends and issues.
Other seminars and programs: Directors are encouraged to attend seminars and educational programs
offered by other organizations, to suggest ideas for future programs and to share best practices they
have observed at other boards.
Finally, Board members have full access to the Corporation’s executives and senior management, and
the Board encourages management to address the Board in those instances where a manager’s
expertise and assistance can enhance the Board’s understanding of a particular issue under its
consideration.




                                                                                                                           42
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
In fiscal 2021, members of the Board and the Committees participated in the following presentations
and events:
Topic                                                                      Date                                           Presenters                Attendees
Presentation on enterprise risk management                         May 11, 2020      Lisa Marino, Global Head, Risk Management and                 All directors
                                                                                   Internal Audit and Suzanne Poirier, Vice President
                                                                                    of Global Finance and Supply Chain Optimization
Presentation on strategy and business plan                         May 11, 2020      Brian Hannasch, President and CEO and Claude                  All directors
                                                                                                      Tessier, Chief Financial Officer
Presentation on sustainability                                     May 11, 2020                      Ina Strand, Chief People Officer              All directors

Presentation on North America data privacy program and legal       June 29, 2020      Valéry Zamuner, Senior Vice President General                All directors
framework                                                                                         Counsel and Corporate Secretary

Presentation on fuel supply chain                                  September 1,     Alex Miller, Executive Vice President, Operations,             All directors
                                                                          2020                North America and Global Commercial
                                                                                                                         Optimization
On-boarding training for new Board members                      October 16, 2020                     Various Couche-Tard executives               Jean Bernier,
                                                                                                                                               Janice L. Fields,
                                                                                                                                         Marie Josée Lamothe,
                                                                                                                                                    Louis Têtu
Presentation on emerging trends fueled by Covid-19 and social   October 27, 2020       John W. Martin, President & CEO, SIR Institute              All directors
justice trends
Presentation on resiliency during Covid-19                      October 27, 2020    Jim Harter, PhD, Gallup Chief Workplace Scientist              All directors

Presentation on retail trends                                   October 27, 2020                     Various Couche-Tard executives                All directors

Electric vehicle trends presentation                             March 17, 2021                     Various Couche-Tard executives,                All directors
                                                                                                        Bernardo Mota, BMW Group
Presentation on global marketing                                 March 17, 2021                  Kevin Lewis, Chief Marketing Officer              All directors

Presentation on adjacent retail industries                       March 17, 2021                      Various Couche-Tard Executives                All directors


Retirement and term limits
There is no retirement age, and there are no term limits for serving as a director of the Corporation.
On an ongoing basis, a balance must be struck between ensuring that there are fresh ideas and
viewpoints available to the Board while not losing the insight, experience and other benefits of
continuity contributed by longer serving Directors. The Board continues to believe that the annual
assessment process is an efficient and transparent way to evaluate directors and determine
improvements to Board composition. The annual director assessment provides strong motivation for
directors to make sure they are adding value and making a significant contribution to the Board and
the Corporation. The Board has demonstrated the effectiveness of its approach as a mechanism for
Board renewal as the composition of Board has most recently changed at the annual meeting of
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL ASSESSMENTS
Shareholders held in 2017, 2019 and 2020.

Primary Employment Status Change                                                                                            BOARD RESPONSIBILITY
A director who makes a major change in his or her principal occupation shall inform the Board for
consideration if such director shall submit his or her resignation. It is not intended that the directors                                 +
who retire or whose professional positions change should necessarily leave the Board; rather, the
Board believes it is appropriate in such circumstances to conduct a review, with the assistance of the                         BOARD OPERATIONS
HRCG Committee, of the continued appropriateness of Board membership under such circumstances.

Board, committee and director assessments                                                                                                 +
The Board has a formal assessment process for determining how well the Board, Board committees
and individual directors are functioning. The process is completed yearly, alternating between a                             BOARD EFFECTIVENESS
written questionnaire and one-on-one interviews with each director.
The questionnaire goes out to all members of the Board and is completed anonymously. It includes                                          +
four categories of questions:
  ◼ Board responsibility – do directors have the tools and the time necessary to gain a good
                                                                                                                                     COMMITTEE
     understanding of the Corporation and its strategy, operations and risks?                                                        ASSESSMENT
  ◼ Board operations – does the Board have the right mix of directors, and are meetings effective,




                                                                                                                                                          43
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
      mandates clear and reporting sufficient?
  ◼   Board effectiveness – do the directors communicate effectively with management and with each
      other?
  ◼   committee assessment – are the committees appropriate, the directors who sit on them effective
      and the work they produce sufficient?
The questionnaire also includes open-ended questions about areas the Board should be focussing on,
and where things should be improved. The Lead Director meets personally with a Board member if
there is a performance issue.
In alternate years, the Lead Director meets with each individual Board member in a one-on-one
meeting and goes through the questions personally. This approach gives rich feedback, which the
Lead Director brings back to the committee, and will bring to the full Board if there are things that
need to be addressed.


Role and duties of our Board and its Committees
The role of the Board of Directors
The Board’s mandate, which was reviewed and adopted in its current version in June 29, 2020 sets out
its responsibilities in the following categories:
  ◼ strategy and budget;
  ◼ governance;
  ◼ human resource management and compensation;

  ◼ risk management, capital management and internal controls;

  ◼ communications; and

  ◼ financial reporting, auditors and transactions.

You will find the full text of the mandate in Appendix “C”.
1. Strategy and Budget
The Board is responsible for approving the Corporation’s strategic plan and priorities, as well as the
Corporation’s annual operating and capital budgets.
The President and CEO, working with the Executive Committee, develops the Corporation’s strategy
and corporate objectives every year, and presents them to the Board at an annual budget and strategic
planning session. The Board reviews the plans with management, makes adjustments considering
opportunities and risks and our financial strategy, and approves the annual business plan and our
strategic plan and priorities. The Board also evaluates our operating and financial performance against
the strategic plan and budgets.
2. Governance
The Board is responsible for overall governance of the Corporation. This includes developing the
Corporation’s approach to, and disclosure of corporate governance practices and procedures, as well
as the development of a set of corporate governance guidelines and principles, ensuring the
independent and effective functioning of the Board and individual directors, and defining the roles of
the Lead Director, the Chairman of the Board and the committee chairs. The Board approves the
disclosure of material information, and promotes communication with our shareholders, the media
and the general public.
3. Human Resource Management and Compensation
The Board is responsible for making sure the Corporation is effectively managed. This includes
appointing the President and CEO and Executive Committee, evaluating their performance, approving
their compensation and planning for their succession. It also includes making sure that a culture of
integrity and diversity is built into every level of the organization – from the directors on our Board to
the people working at our retail locations around the world.




                                                                                                             44
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
4. Risk Management, Capital Management and Internal Controls
The Board is responsible for identifying and assessing periodically the principal risks of the
Corporation’s business and ensure the implementation of appropriate systems to manage these risks.
The Board is also responsible for, ensuring the integrity of our internal controls and financial reporting
systems, and overseeing how financial and other material information is communicated to analysts
and the public.
5. Communications
In conjunction with management, the Board is responsible for meeting with the Corporation’s
shareholders at the annual meeting and being available to respond to questions at that time. The
Board also monitors investor relations programs and communications with analysts, the media and
the public; as well as reviews, approves and oversees the implementation of the Corporation’s
disclosure policy.
6. Financial Reporting, Auditors and Transactions
The Board is responsible for reviewing and approving, as required, the Corporation's financial
statements and related financial information, appointing (including terms and review of engagement),
subject to approval of shareholders, and removing the Corporation's auditor, as well as reviewing and
approving mergers and acquisition opportunities and financings.




 Building a diverse Board and establishing targets for diversity
 In order to ensure an appropriate balance of backgrounds, the HRCG Committee annually reviews
 the size and composition of the Board to identify imbalances and gaps, as well as opportunities that
 may be associated with further diversification.
 In particular, the Board recognizes that gender diversity is a significant aspect of diversity for our
 Board, and to that effect specifically commits in the Diversity Policy to consider the level of women
 on the Board and to ensure that women are included in the short list of candidates being considered
 for a Board position. In alignment with this commitment, the Corporation aspires to maintain a Board
 composition in which women represent at least 30% of its members – and we are proud to say that
 we are already meeting such target.
 However, gender diversity is one factor out of many – diversity of views, experience, skill sets, culture
 and ethnicity – that we take into account when identifying and selecting suitable candidates, and the
 HRCG Committee believes it is important that each appointment or nomination is based on the
 person’s merits and the Corporation’s needs at the time.
 In particular, we are enhancing the diversity of our Board by:
    ◼ developing recruitment protocols that recognize that diverse candidates can be found in a

      broad array of organizations outside of the traditional candidate pool of corporate directors
      and officers;
    ◼ using to their fullest potential the current network of organizations that can help identify

      diverse candidates;
    ◼ periodically reviewing board recruitment and selection protocols to make sure that diversity

      remains a component of every search; and
    ◼ specifically supporting gender diversity by considering the level of representation of women

      on the board and ensuring that women are included in the short list of director candidates.




                                                                                                             45
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Enterprise Risk Management
The Board is responsible for overseeing the material risks of our business, and for ensuring that
management has effective risk management processes and mitigation strategies in place.
Management and the Board identify and prioritize risks in four categories using a systematic risk
assessment process that considers probability, impact and mitigation:
  ◼ strategic;

  ◼ financial;

  ◼ operational; and

  ◼ compliance.


The top risks are identified and mitigating actions are developed for each. Main risks identified during
fiscal 2021 fall into the following areas: cyber threats, acquisition management, competition, HSE
(heath, safety and environment), decline in fuel demand, pandemic (COVID-19), economic outlook,
sustainability (including ESG risks), people and technology.
Our internal auditor presents the results of the assessment to the Audit Committee and the Board for
review and approval once a year and presents an update for discussion. The results guide management
and the Board in the strategic planning and budgeting process. The management team takes
ownership of the risks specific to their area and are responsible for developing and implementing the
controls to manage and re-assess risk.


About our Board Committees
The Board has two committees that help it carry out its responsibilities.


                                     The Audit Committee helps the Board oversee:
  Audit
                                      ◼ the integrity of the Corporation’s financial reporting;
  Committee
                                      ◼ the Corporation’s compliance with the requirements established by law and regulation;

                                      ◼ the independence, competence and appointment of the external auditors;

  Members                             ◼ the performance of internal and external auditors;

  Eric Boyko (chair)                  ◼ management’s responsibilities with regard to internal controls; and

  Marie Josee Lamothe                 ◼ the risk management.

  Monique F. Leroux
                                     2021 accomplishments
  2021 meetings                       ◼ recommended the annual and quarterly financial statements and related MD&A as well as press

  4 meetings – 100% attendance          releases to the Board for approval;
                                      ◼ conducted a review of disclosure controls and procedures including internal controls over financial
  100% independent
                                        reporting;
  100% financially literate
                                      ◼ conducted a review of the audit plan and monitored its quarterly and annual execution;

                                      ◼ conducted a review of the Corporation’s capital structure and utilization of cash and recommended

                                        to the Board the approval of an increase in the quarterly dividend, the renewal of the normal course
                                        issuer bid as well as a bond refinancing;
                                      ◼ oversaw risk management activities and results, and condeucted a review of the key risks facing the

                                        Corporation;
                                      ◼ overaw the Corporation’s strategic business plan;

                                      ◼ oversaw cyber security protocols;

                                      ◼ overaw the Corporation’s insurance program;

                                      ◼ oversaw the Corporation’s Tax Governance Policy;

                                      ◼ conducted a review of the Corporation’s Treasury Policy;

                                      ◼ oversaw on investor relations activities;

                                      ◼ received quarterly reports on the Corporation’s material litigation.




                                                                                                                                    46
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                                  The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee helps the Board fulfill its responsibilities
  Human Resources and
                                  related to:
  Corporate Governance
                                    ◼ human resources;
  Committee
                                    ◼ appointing directors and senior management;

                                    ◼ succession planning;

  Members                           ◼ sustainability strategy;

  Mélanie Kau (chair)               ◼ compensation;

  Louis Têtu                        ◼ governance; and

  Daniel Rabinowicz                 ◼ ethics.




  2021 meetings                   2021 accomplishments
  4 meetings – 100% attendance    Human resources:
                                   ◼ conducted a review of the fiscal 2021 performance measures and weightings for the incentive plans;
  100% independent
                                   ◼ conducted a review of the performance vesting conditions of the 2017, 2018 and 2019 PSU awards

                                     and amended the vesting conditions of the 2017, 2018 and 2019 PSU programs;
                                   ◼ conducted a review and approved amendments to the PSU and DSU Plans;

                                   ◼ approved the fiscal 2021 annual incentive bonus payout;

                                   ◼ conducted a review of the Employee Share Purchase Plan;

                                   ◼ oversaw the Corporation’s retirement plans;

                                   ◼ conducted a review of the 2021 Management Information Circular;

                                   ◼ oversaw whistleblowing calls;

                                   ◼ received quarterly reports from the Chief People Officer on organizational matters, employee

                                     engagement and employee turnover;
                                   ◼ oversaw health and safety policies and practices;

                                   ◼ received regular reports on the COVID-19 situation.




                                  Ccorporate governance:
                                   ◼ conducted a review of Executive Committee succession planning;

                                   ◼ conducted a Board and committee assessment;

                                   ◼ conducted a review of the Human Resource and Corporate Governance Committee work plan for

                                     fiscal 2021-2022;
                                   ◼ conducted a review of Board members compensation;

                                   ◼ received regular reports with respect to Directors’ share ownership guidelines;

                                   ◼ received regular reports on corporate governance trends;

                                   ◼ considered and recommended for approval Board nominations for fiscal 2022;

                                   ◼ oversaw the Corporation’s sustainable strategy;

                                   ◼ conducted a review of the Audit Committee charter;

                                   ◼ conducted a review of the mandates of the Board and the Committees;

                                   ◼ conducted a review of the Corporate Governance Guidelines;

                                   ◼ conducted a review of the Public Disclosure policy;

                                   ◼ conducted a review of the Ethics Code of Conduct, Whistleblowing policy and Insider Trading policy;

                                     and
                                   ◼  conducted a review of the Stock Incentive Plan.




                                                                                                                                 47
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Our Corporate Governance Practices
The Board considers strong and transparent corporate governance practices to be important factors
in the overall success of our Corporation and we are committed to adopting and adhering to the
highest standards of corporate governance. We strive for continuous improvement in our corporate
governance practices to ensure effective oversight of management and our affairs, and to make sure
our governance framework not only meets regulatory requirements but also reflects evolving best
practices. We comply with the guidelines adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators and with
the standards of other regulatory bodies.
In line with this goal, fiscal 2021 has seen the enhancement of our Corporate Governance Guidelines
with new enhancements, as well as the revamping of several key policies at the core of this
commitment. All of these enhancements are described below.


  Latest enhancements to our corporate governance practices

  ETHICAL BUSINESS BEHAVIOUR AND CODE OF CONDUCT
     ◼   Roll out of revamped Ethics code of conduct that applies to all employees and directors
     ◼   New Online multilingual hotline
     ◼   Strong culture of integrity embedded in several new policies

  SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND TRANSPARENCY
     ◼   Transparent virtual-only AGM practices

  DIVERSITY AND ESG
     ◼   Commitment to diversity expressed by the adoption of targets in Diversity Policy
     ◼   Adoption and commitment to key sustainability focus areas

  OTHERS
     ◼   Adoption of anti-hedging policy



Ethical business behaviour and Ethics Code of Conduct
Respect is at the heart of all that we do - our culture of honesty and openness drives our success. We
                                                                                                            PRIDE IS IN OUR DNA
believe in doing what we say we will do, listening to others, and operating in a way that sustains the
trust of our suppliers, partners, and customers. It has been a key factor in how we have been able to       Our core values are simple - we
acquire so many companies, and welcome many of their people into the Alimentation Couche-Tard               ACT with pride in people, results,
family. For us, honesty and trust are a common language that transcends our culture.                        improvement, development, and
                                                                                                            entrepreneurship:
Respect for human rights is just as important to us. We show respect for all individuals and our              ◼ People make us stand out
workplaces are characterized by equality and diversity, consistent with the relevant regulations where           from our competitors
we do business. We do not accept any form of discrimination of our employees, customers or anyone             ◼ Results matter
involved in our activities, and expect our suppliers and partners to act according to ethical standards       ◼ Improvement drives us
that are consistent with our values.                                                                          ◼ Development       is always
                                                                                                                 looking ahead
Ethics code of conduct
                                                                                                              ◼ Entrepreneurship      means
In fiscal 2021, the Corporation fully revamped its Ethics code of conduct (the “Code”). The new Code             we think like customers and
enhances and clarifies the Corporation’s ethical expectations and covers important topics such as                act like owners.
integrity, confidentiality, protecting our property and assets, conflicts of interest, fair treatment of
clients, suppliers, competitors and employees, insider information and insider trading. It is truly meant
to be a guide that help us all make the right decisions. It is now available in a user-friendly and
multilingual document. A copy of our Code is available on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com) and
on SEDAR (sedar.com).
The Code applies to everyone at Alimentation Couche-Tard and its subsidiaries, and we expect

                                                                                                                                      48
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
consultants, intermediaries, lobbyists and anyone who works on our behalf to comply with the Code.
We ensure that everyone adheres to the Code by:
  ◼ giving new employees a copy of the Code when they are hired, requiring their signature;

  ◼ hosting management information sessions;

  ◼ annual certification of the Code from all employees;

  ◼ investigating any incident or complaint in an objective and in a timely manner; and

  ◼ making timely corrective measures if and when required.


Everyone is responsible for reporting a suspected breach immediately to the employee’s supervisor,
local Human Resources department or local legal counsel. All reports are treated impartially and
confidentially, and there will be no retaliation against anyone who makes a report in good faith.
The HRCG Committee not only reviews the Code regularly to ensure its relevance with the most current
ethical concerns, but it also monitors compliance with the Code. It receives quarterly reports from the
Senior Vice-President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary on the number and nature of
complaints, how the complaints were handled, the results of any investigation and any corrective
action taken.


ACT Hotline
In fiscal 2021, alongside the revamping of the Code and the Corporation’s commitment to enhancing
                                                                                                            REPORTING A BREACH
its ethical footprint, and with a view of fostering transparency and accountability, the Corporation also
made it easier for everyone to report ethical concerns by implementing the new state of the art hotline.    Suspected breaches of the
The new ACT Hotline is a worldwide communication platform, available online at all times and in a           policy can be reported to an
multitude of linguistic options to employees and customers everywhere the Corporation operates. The         employee’s supervisor, local
ACT Hotline offers an anonymous reporting option where it is legal to do so, and provides tools             Human Resources or local
ensuring transparency and timeliness in the treatment of submitted concerns.                                Legal Departments or through
                                                                                                            the        ACT        Hotline
You can find your more about our Code and the ACT Hotline at https://corpo.couche-
                                                                                                            couchetard.ethicspoint.com
tard.com/en/our-company/leadership-governance/ethics-and-compliance/.

Whistleblower policy
In addition to monitoring compliance with the Code, the Board has adopted various policies and
procedures which are updated on a regular basis to reflect recent development and best practices. In
fiscal 2021, the Corporation adoption of an updated Whistleblower Policy and Procedures which covers
accounting and auditing matters, corporate fraud, and internal accounting controls. This policy
provides Couche-Tard’s employees and external stakeholders with communications channels that will
allow them to raise concerns in confidence, and anonymously if desired, without fear of reprisals or
retaliation of any kinds. All directors, officers and employees are required to understand this policy
and comply with its terms.
The Audit Committee monitors compliance with the Whistleblower Policy. It receives quarterly reports
from the Chief Financial Officer (the “CFO”) on the number and nature of complaints, how the
complaints were handled, the results of any investigation and any corrective action taken. The Audit
Committee is notified immediately if we have received a report that could have a material impact on
the Corporation.

Insider trading policy
In addition to it’s strict disclosure practices, the Corporation has adopted in fiscal 2021 an amended
Insider Trading Policy which is designed to prevent improper trading in the Corporation’s securities
and the improper communication of privileged or material information with respect to the Corporation
that has not been generally disclosed, including compliance with insider trading and tipping rules.
Under the policy, those who normally have access to material information that has not been generally
disclosed may only trade in the Corporation’s securities within prescribed periods. The policy also
provides processes for the pre-clearance of trades in the Couche-Tard’s securities and for reporting
by the reporting insiders of the Corporation.




                                                                                                                                     49
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Anti-hedging policy
The Board believes that it is inappropriate for directors and executive officers to hedge or monetize
transactions to lock in the value of holdings in the securities of the Corporation (be it shares, DSUs or
other forms of securities granted by the Corporation to Directors or executive officers). Such
transactions, while allowing the holder to own the Corporation’s securities without the full risks and
rewards of ownership, potentially separate the holder’s interests from those of other stakeholders and,
particularly from the Corporation’s shareholders.
Consequently, in fiscal 2021, the Board updated its Corporate Governance Guidelines adopting an
anti-hedging policy. As such, unless otherwise previously expressly approved by the Board, no director
or executive officer may, at any time, purchase financial instruments, including prepaid variable
forward contracts, instruments for the short sale or purchase or sale of call or put options, equity
swaps, collars, or units of exchangeable funds that are based on fluctuations of the Corporation’s
securities and that are designed to or that may reasonably be expected to have the effect of hedging
or offsetting a decrease in the market value of any securities of the Corporation.


Shareholder engagement and transparency
Continuous disclosure and disclosure practices
The Corporation is committed to providing material information to shareholders and the public in a          DISCLOSURE PRACTICES
timely, accurate and balanced way. The Corporation believes that through its annual and ad hoc              We expect all employees,
disclosure documents, including, among others, this Circular, the Corporation’s financial statements        including all executive officers,
and accompanying management’s discussion and analysis, annual information form, annual report,              to    exercise    the     highest
quarterly interim reports and conference calls, periodic press releases, as well as the Corporation’s       standard of care in preparing
website and sustainability report, it effectively communicates its commitment to not only meet but          business       and      financial
exceed governance standards, be they imposed by legislation or encouraged as best practices. The            information,     whether      for
Corporation is committed to providing timely, accurate, and balanced disclosure of material                 internal or external use.
information consistent with legal and regulatory requirements.
Besides the affirmation of this commitment in our Code, which also contains a no comment policy,
the Corporation has adopted a Public Disclosure Policy to provide guidines with respect to the
dissemination and disclosure of information to the investment community and Shareholders. The
objectives of the Public Disclosure Policy seek to ensure that communications are timely, accurate and
broadly disseminated in accordance with applicable legislation, and sound disclosure practices which
maintain the confidence of the investment community, including investors, in the integrity of the
Corporation’s information.
Furthermore, the Corporation has mandated a Disclosure Committee with the responsibility to set out
procedures and controls for making sure our disclosure is accurate, complete and in accordance with
all applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. The Disclosure Committee is composed of the
CEO, the CFO, the General Counsel, the Controller and the person responsible for Investor Relations.
Dissemination to the public of material information, both financial and non-financial, which was
previously undisclosed, must be reviewed and approved in advance by the Disclosure Committee.
                                                                                                            HOW TO CONTACT THE
Communications and engagement with shareholders                                                             BOARD
Reaching out to stakeholders and listening to their opinion is an important value of the Corporation        You can communicate directly
and is crucial in understanding our investors’ concerns and sentiment. The Corporation engages with         with the Board by writing to:
shareholders through a variety of channels, including the Corporation’s website at
https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/investors/, quarterly conference calls and periodic investor day           Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.
meetings or similar events.                                                                                 c/o Executive Chairman
                                                                                                            4204 Industriel Blvd.
The Corporation holds “investor days” or similar events (breakfasts, site visits, virtual conferences,      Laval, Québec H7L 0E3
presentations by the Corporation’s senior officers, quarterly earnings and acquisition-specific calls and
other meetings, etc.) on a periodic basis at which management can exchange with analysts,
shareholders and other stakeholders of the Corporation. During these meetings, management                   Please mark your envelope
provides an update to analysts, shareholders and other stakeholders on the Corporation’s operations,        private and confidential.



                                                                                                                                        50
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
performance and outlook while making sure to respect its disclosure obligations and avoid any
selective disclosure. These meetings also provide analysts, shareholders and stakeholders with the
opportunity to raise questions and concerns to Management regarding the Corporation’s business
and affairs. In fiscal 2021 we met one-on-one with several of our major shareholders, which allowed
us to provide context about the Corporation, how we’re governed, and the decisions the Board and
management make.
Feedback from shareholders comes from one-on-one or group meetings, in addition to regular
interactions on specific questions between the Corporation’s investor relations department and
Shareholders. Investor relations conferences, and results conference calls are broadcasted live through
the website of the Corporation and materials from results, conference calls as well as a transcript of
the call are archived and available on the website of the Corporation at https://corpo.couche-
tard.com/en/investors/.

Say on Pay
The Corporation has adopted a “say on pay” policy, the purpose of which is to provide appropriate
Director accountability to the shareholders for the Board’s compensation decisions, by giving
shareholders a formal opportunity on an annual basis to provide their views on the disclosed objectives
of the executive compensation plans of the Corporation and on the plans themselves. The HRCG
Committee carefully considers shareholder feedback on the Corporation’s executive compensation
programs, and works to continue the design and implementation of compensation programs that
promote the creation of shareholder value and further our executive compensation philosophy in a
challenging economic environment.

As this is an advisory vote, the results are not binding upon the Board; however, the Board will take
the results of the vote into account, as appropriate, when considering future compensation policies,
procedures, and decisions and in determining whether there is a need to significantly increase their
engagement with shareholders on compensation and related matters. The Corporation discloses the
results of the shareholder non-binding advisory vote as part of its report on voting results and related
press release to be posted on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The Board discloses to shareholders, no later
than in the management information circular for its next annual meeting, the changes to the
compensation plans made or to be made (or why no such changes were made) by the Board as a
result of its engagement with shareholders. In the event that a significant number of shareholders
oppose the resolution, the Board will consult with its shareholders, particularly those who are known
to have voted against it, in order to understand their concerns and will review the Corporation’s
approach to compensation in the context of those concerns. Shareholders who have voted against the
resolution will be encouraged to contact the Board to discuss their specific concerns.

At the 2020 annual meeting of Shareholders held on September 16, 2020, the non-binding advisory
vote on executive compensation received significant Shareholder support with 98.54% of affirmative
votes. The Board and the HRCG Committee greatly value the Shareholder feedback on executive
compensation and, after considering the 2020 results, worked to continue the design and
implementation of compensation programs that promote the creation of Shareholder value and align
the interests of executive officers with those of Shareholders.

Virtual-only shareholder meetings
The Board recognizes that virtual-only meetings have the potential to curb the ability of the
Corporation’s shareholders to meaningfully communicate with the Corporation’s directors and
management, and consequently the Corporation is committed to mitigate such risks by adopting the
following policies and practices:
    1.   clearly disclose to shareholders that a meeting will not be held in person;
    2.   provide shareholders with advanced notice and detailed instructions on how to participate
         in the virtual-only meeting;
    3.   provide shareholders with a method of seeking support (prior and during the virtual-only
         meeting) if they are having difficulty accessing the virtual-only meeting;




                                                                                                           51
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
     4.   provide shareholders with clear instructions (prior and during the virtual-only meeting) on
          the manner and on the timeline for submitting questions normally discussed at the annual
          meeting through the technological platform used; and
     5.   transparently disclose and answer all questions normally discussed at the annual meeting
          that have been received through the technological platform.


Diversity and ESG

Leadership, diversity and succession
We encourage diversity at all levels of our organization – from the retail store to the Board of Directors
– and believe that being able to draw on a wide range of viewpoints, backgrounds, skills and
experience is critical to our success, particularly in an increasingly complex global marketplace.
Having an employee base that reflects the communities where we work is also a competitive
advantage, because it helps us understand and serve our diverse customer base more effectively.
Diversity is also an important part of good governance and key to a well-functioning Board and an
effective executive management team.
 As a statement of this commitment, the Corporation’s President and CEO, Mr. Hannasch, joined in
March 2020 the CEO ACTION pledge - a growing coalition pledging to advance diversity and inclusion
within the workplace - positioning Couche-Tard to become the first convenience store retailer to join
this action for diversity and inclusion. Furthermore, in fiscal 2021, we have added Business Resources
Groups to focus on Ethnicity & Culture, Disabilities Inclusion and LGBTQ+ matters.
                                                                                                             AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
An inclusive workplace                                                                                       EMPLOYER
The Corporation recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and executive team            We support the spirit and
and sees this as a competitive advantage. To the effect, the Corporation has adopted a formal Policy         intent of human rights and
Regarding Diversity on the Board of Directors and in Executive Officer Positions (the “Diversity Policy”)    anti-discrimination laws, and
setting forth guidelines for promoting diversity and inclusion throughout the organization. While all        promote a culture of
director and executive appointments are based on merit, the Board expects that when selecting                acceptance and respect,
candidates a wide rage of criteria are considered, to ensure that these bodies, as a whole, reflect a        regardless of race, color,
range of viewpoints, backgrounds, educational levels, skills, work experience and expertise. You can         gender, sexual orientation,
read more specifically about Board diversity on page 44.                                                     marital status, religion,
We have a large global workforce that spans many cultures, backgrounds and languages. In addition            political affiliation, nationality,
to our Diversity Policy, we have several initiatives and polices that promote an inclusive and respectful    ethnic background, social
workforce, including:                                                                                        origin, age or disability or any
   ◼ cross-cultural training;
                                                                                                             other legally protected
   ◼ accommodating religious attire according to local practice;
                                                                                                             characteristic.
   ◼ improving our compliance with Americans with Disabilities Act standards; and                            You can read more in our Ethics
   ◼ an ageless workplace strategy that is relevant to at least four generations.                            code of conduct, which you can
 We are committed to developing more women, culturally diverse individuals and millennial leaders,           find on our website.
so our leadership team is a clearer reflection of our customer and employee base. We try to promote
from within and recognize that we can only reach our leadership goals if we are committed to thinking
about diversity in the hiring process at all levels of the organization.
We have invested in our millennial workforce, adapting to their unique needs, and fostered                   WOMEN IN EXECUTIVE
engagement with our employees at every level of the organization. We recognize autonomy,                     AND
acknowledge empowerment and emphasize leadership and the opportunities to grow with the                      VICE PRESIDENT ROLES
Corporation. We strongly encourage our teams to stand out and become leaders, because we believe             (as at July 2021)

that our strength lies in the growth and development of our employees.                                                           Total   Women
Women in leadership                                                                                          Executives          17      5 (29%)
                                                                                                             Potential           30      9 (30%)
Currently five of our seventeen (29%) executives are women, and nine of the thirty (30%) people we           executives
believe have the potential to become executives are female. The number of women in executive roles           Vice Presidents     54      13 (24%)
and other areas of the Corporation can be linked to various initiatives including an executive session       Potential Vice      49      22 (45%)
on diversity in the talent and succession review, tracking and reporting progress on diversity goals,        Presidents



                                                                                                                                             52
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
and the development of our Diversity Policy. Nevertheless, we continue to work with our human
resources directors around the world to make sure we are developing a talent pipeline that will lead
to a more representative balance between men and women in leadership roles.
In fiscal 2021 we continued to celebrate our many Top Women in Convenience through the Couche-
Tard’s Women’s Council, a business resource group with the mission of creating winning conditions
for women within the Corporation. The Women’s Council is part of Couche-Tard’s Board of Directors’
commitment to diversity and inclusion and to taking measurable actions promoting a workplace
where a broad spectrum of perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. The Women’s
Council’s work includes bringing the “Together we make a difference” pledge to the corporation,
introducing the first training modules on Unconscious Bias as well creating career development
workshops in Couche-Tard’s global offices and stores.
Succession planning
The Board recognizes that effective succession planning for the President and CEO and executive
management ensures continuity of executive management. The HRCG Committee is responsible for
making sure we have executive succession planning and performance evaluation programs and
processes (including development and career planning), and that these are operating effectively. The
Committee also oversees planning when a change to the organization’s structure has an impact on
executive roles. Working with the President and CEO as well as the Chief People Officer (CPO), the
Committee reviews our succession planning process once a year. The talent and succession process
starts at the business unit level with local vice-presidents and local human resources directors’ review
of talent and succession candidates, including nominating candidates for vice-president and
functional leadership roles. After rounds of regional coordination, the executive leadership team
performs a companywide review led by the CPO. The results from the Corporation wide review, the
President and CEO and CPO’s considerations for senior executive succession are presented to the
HRCG Committee annually. The HRCG Committee is responsible for the President and CEO succession
review, and choice of President and CEO succession candidates. The development of the President
and CEO succession candidates occurs in collaboration with the CPO.
The HRCG Committee has a contingency plan to ensure an orderly process in the event something
unexpected happens to a member of the executive management team.

Health and safety
Our worldwide community of people are at the heart of our business. It is their commitment, safety,
motivation and talent that have made us a successful convenience store operator. We care about our
people and take their safety and well-being very seriously. We continuously work to improve our
policies, programs and tools to ensure all our employees and customers feel safe, secure, included,
engaged and respected. Workplace safety is one of our key priorities. We worked to develop a global
Health, Safety and Environment strategy and equip ourselves with better tools to reduce workplace
safety incidents. Across our organization, we’ve also strengthened many of our training programs so
that employees are better able to recognize and prevent safety risks. We have set the target to achieve
zero harm for our people, customers, employees and suppliers by 2030 and decrease robberies and
recordable work-related injuries by 50% by 2025 from fiscal 2021.

Empowered employees during the COVID-19 pandemic
As soon as the COVID-19 pandemic started, our stores played a central role in communities. We rapidly
deployed prevention measures to ensure the safety of our employees and customers while our office
workforce was quickly moved to teleworking in order to continue supporting the Corporation
remotely. We have been working closely with public health authorities to help contact tracing and to
ensure that all measures are in place to safeguard the health and safety of our employees and
customers.
Early on, as the pandemic began to escalate, the Corporation was one of the first businesses to offer
free coffee, tea, and Polar Pop to first responders and health care workers. We also launched a
partnership with Feeding America to help the communities and families struggling in this difficult
economy. For our own employees suffering from the significant impact of the virus, the Corporation


                                                                                                           53
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
started a COVID-19 Assistance Fund which was seeded by our Executive Chairman and our CEO, as
well as the entire executive leadership team.
The Corporation’s response to support our people was well received, as attested by pulse surveys
performed by the Corporation globally. These surveys allowed us to gain insight on its approach to
the challenges of the pandemic as well as the ones ahead, and to adapt accordingly. Generally,
increased communication efforts have been perceived positively and employees felt well equipped to
work remotely with minor productivity issues related to home technology, ergonomics or home space.
As the Corporation pursues its efforts toward employee engagement, the tools introduced during the
pandemic will remain and be improved to stay connected and respond more effectively to our people’s
needs.

Our Commitment to Sustainability – Environment, Social and Governance
(ESG)
Since 2019, we have been on a sustainability journey towards providing greater transparency and
                                                                                                         OUR SUSTAINABILITY
engagement on our efforts and our desire to contribute to a cleaner and safer future while creating
                                                                                                         REPORT
value for all our stakeholders. In 2020, we created a more defined framework and strengthened how
we incorporate sustainability in our way of thinking and decision-making, making it now a lens to our    You can read more about our
business and pushing forward our commitment to actionable results based on stakeholder                   key areas of focus, why they’re
perspectives, conversations with investors and interviews with business leaders. Our sustainability      important, and our progress
priorities, targets and ambitions are anchored and contribute to the United Nations Sustainable          this year in our 2021
Development Goals and we have set ambitious targets and goals in five areas where we believe we          Sustainability Report, which is
can really make a difference - fuel, energy, packaging and waste, workplace safety and diversity and     available on our website.
inclusion. We have recently extended sustainability to the financing of our global operations with the
launch of our inaugural Green Bonds offering and framework in May 2021.




                                                                                                                                   54
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Letter from the Chair of the Human Resources and
Corporate Governance Committee

Dear shareholders,

On behalf of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee and the Board of
Directors, we are pleased to share Alimentation Couche-Tard’s fiscal 2021 Compensation
Discussion and Analysis. This document reflects our belief in the transparent disclosure of all
facets of our executive pay programs.
Last year our ‘say on pay’ advisory vote received 98.54% support from shareholders, signaling strong approval of our ‘’pay for
performance’’ philosophy. We believe our executive compensation programs strike the right balance between rewarding short-
and long-term performance appropriately, while ensuring fair compensation in relation to outside benchmarks and shareholder
expectations. We believe Alimentation Couche-Tard is well positioned to continue to grow and expand.
Alimentation Couche-Tard’s performance in fiscal 2021
Fiscal 2021 was marked by the unprecedented impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. Couche-Tard reacted proactively and quickly
to protect our employees and customers so as to ensure business continuity during the most disruptive event the Corporation
has ever experienced. Being considered an essential business in all the geographies where Couche-Tard operates is a great
privilege. But it also means the Corporation needed to take decisive actions to ensure it met expectations at a time when
customers needed us the most. We are proud and grateful for everyone’s tremendous efforts towards achieving that goal.
Despite the many challenges of 2021, the Corporation delivered excellent financial results. Once again, we managed our business
carefully, planned for the worst, and were resourceful with our shareholders’ capital. We struck the right balance between
deferring non-critical outlays while investing in our core strategic initiatives that we believe will enable us to lead now and in the
future. In addition, thanks in large part to our solid financial health, all necessary steps were taken to protect our team members
and customers to ensure that our network remained up and running to serve essential needs.
That said, our financial performance exceeded expectations with net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Corporation
amounting to US$2.7 billion for fiscal 2021, compared with US$2.4 billion for fiscal 2020 - an increase of US$351.9 million. This
increase was driven by higher road transportation fuel margins, organic growth of our convenience activities and disciplined cost
control, partly offset by the negative impact of COVID-19 on fuel demand.
Impact of performance on fiscal 2021 pay outcomes
In the context of the COVID-19 pandemic the company continued to operate its stores with the same financial discipline and
operational excellence as always, but with the added imperative of protecting the Corporation’s employees and customers. In
this context certain previously set short-term incentive targets became difficult to achieve. Nonetheless, management, the HRCG
Committee and the Board, felt it was important to maintain the financial targets set at the outset of the year 2021 such that the
ultimate scoring and payouts to executives reflect the actual results of the year which included Covid’s impact.
For fiscal 2021, the NEOs’ short-term incentives were based on the following: 50% on achieving a company-wide financial target
(net income) and the remaining 50% on achieving targets related to a company-wide COVID-19 plan (the “COVID-19 KRA”) as
well as individual KRAs, each at 25% respectively. Net earnings of USD$2,705 millions resulted in an achievement of 121.25% of
the company-wide financial target. Since our short-term incentive program provides a sliding scale for performance from zero to
250%, the 121.25% as achieved translates into a 181% payout of the company-wide financial component.
Our COVID-19 KRA was based on five criteria, three of which contained ESG related decision gates, namely the health and safety
of our people, customer satisfaction and successful internal communication. The rapid implementation of protective routines that
included equipment to keep our employees and customers safe contributed to substantially lower than average illness and fatality
when compared to the general population despite our stores’ high traffic numbers. Rapid and frequent communications that
leveraged the abilities of all levels of management led to record engagement. This excellent oversight of our human resources
combined with the successful onboarding of new associates led us to an all-time high in customer satisfaction. As a result, the
HRCG Committee recommended, and the Board approved, a score of 100% for the company’s response to COVID-19 to be used
in the short-term incentive calculation. The payout related to the COVID-19 KRA was conditional upon the Corporation reaching


                                                                                                                                         55
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
a predefined financial threshold, which was met.
Fiscal 2021 executive compensation decisions
In Fiscal 2021 the HRCG Committee also approved numerous enhancements to the Corporation’s executive compensation plans
so as to ensure their continued relevance and their effectiveness in incentivizing performance and favouring retention. Such
enhancements include:
     -       Enhancing executives’ share ownership by amending the DSUP so as to allow executives to receive (i) DSUs instead of
             their RSUs (as part of their long-term incentive), and/or (ii) receive up to 50% of their short-term incentive as DSUs
             (instead of cash) and to augment this voluntary election with a DSU Match from the Corporation equivalent to 25% of
             the executive’s Voluntary DSU Election;
     -       Amending the Corporation’s Share Unit Plan so as to incorporate relevant market practices and better reflect the nature
             of the share units granted thereunder;
     -       Amending the Corporation’s Employee Share Purchase Plan in order to enable executives (VP and above) to contribute
             up to 10% of their annual salary and waiving the one-year continuous service wait time before being able to contribute;
     -       Amending and restating the Corporation’s Stock Incentive Plan to incorporate market best practices as compared to
             the plans of other issuers.
Fiscal 2021 Corporate Governance Decisions
In fiscal 2021 the HRCG Committee also implemented several enhancements to the Corporation’s corporate governance
practices. As diversity has always been an important value at Couche-tard, this year we stated our goal of having 30% of our
board members be women, a percentage we have been achieving for several years. We also reviewed and put into action several
policies that are key to our commitment to ethical business conduct such as the Ethics Code of Conduct, the Whistleblower Policy
and Practices, an amended Insider Trading Policy and a new commitment to Anti-hedging. Additionally, recognizing that virtual-
only meetings have the potential to curb the ability of the Corporation’s shareholders to meaningfully communicate with the
Board and with management, the Corporation has adopted policies and practices designed to mitigate such risk.
Looking Ahead
At the end of this calendar year, pursuant to the sunset clause established in 1995, we will witness the disappearance of our dual-
class share structure with the automatic conversion of all Class B Shares into Class A Shares. Although seemingly remarkable, in
practice this event will bear little effect on shareholders, and even less so on the Corporation’s future. The Corporation will
continue to focus on its growth path and the HRCG Committee remains committed to its critical role in supporting these
ambitions. We hope that by continuing to oversee the Corporation’s compensation programs we will not only attract but also
earn the loyalty of talented executives that will help us deliver a truly superior corporate performance resulting in shareholder
value-creation. This is something we hope will never change.
We will fulfill our role by continuing to build on the very strong foundations of effective pay and governance practices that the
Corporation has followed since its very inception. As well, we will carefully watch the context the Corporation evolves in and will
continue to monitor the market best practices. In particular, as the ESG landscape continues to change, attention has shifted to
some of the core topics within the broader ESG framework, including Human Capital Management. We remain committed to
addressing such topics as they are key to our ability to grow and prosper
We are confident that as the Corporation continues on its journey of growth and consolidation, our executive compensation
programs and our philosophy of pay for performance combined with our commitment to corporate governance excellence will
help us make a difference and will create value for our many stakeholders.


Sincerely,
(s) Mélanie Kau


Mélanie Kau
Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee




                                                                                                                                       56
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
2021 Performance

Despite the many challenges of 2021, the Corporation delivered excellent financial results. Our management teams focused quickly and
effectively to protect our employees, customers and business continuity during the most disruptive event we have ever experienced. Once
again, we managed our business carefully, planned for the worst, and were resourceful with our shareholders’ capital. We struck the right
balance between deferring non-critical outlays while investing in our core strategic initiatives for leading in the future of convenience.
Importantly, thanks in large part to our solid financial health, we took all the necessary steps to protect our team members and customers,
and to ensure that our network remains up and running to serve essential needs. This was no easy task, as we had to adjust to the different
economic realities within each of our markets.
That said, our performance, both operationally and financially, was notable with net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Corporation
amounted to US$2.7 billion for fiscal 2021, compared with US$2.4 billion for fiscal 2020 - an increase of US$351.9 million, driven by higher
road transportation fuel margins, organic growth on our convenience activities and disciplined cost control, partly offset by the negative
impact of COVID-19 on fuel demand. Diluted net earnings per share stood at US$2.44, compared with US$2.09 for the previous year.


                       (52-week period)                                                                  2021                2020
                       Net earnings ($US millions)                                                    $2,705.5           $2,353.6
                       Merchandise and service gross profit(1)                                          +7.0%              +0.5%
                       Road transportation fuel gross profit(1)                                         +3.8%             +13.1%
                       Return on capital employed                                                       15.9%               15.0%
                       (1) Please refer to the section “Non-IFRS Measures” or our Annual Report 2021 for additional information on
                       this performance measure not defined by IFRS.


For more information about Couche-Tard’s performance, we invite you to review the Corporation’s annual audited consolidated financial
statements and MD&A for the year ended April 25, 2021 and which are available on the Corporation’s webstite at and on SEDAR at
www.sedar.com.




                                                                                                                                      57
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Our 2021 Named Executive Officers

Below is a description of each of the individuals who form our current named executive officer team, which includes our Founder and Executive
Chairman, our President and Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer, our Executive Vice-President, Operations, North America and
Global Commercial Optimization and our Chief Marketing Officer (the “Named Executive Officers”). Detailed information regarding the
compensation awarded to our Named Executive Officers is found in the section titled “Key Compensation Table” in the summary
compensation table.


                                 Alain Bouchard has served as the Executive Chairman of Alimentation Couche-Tard since 2014, when he stepped
                                 down after 25 years as President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Bouchard opened his first convenience store in
                                 Québec in 1980 and founded the companies that grew into Alimentation Couche-Tard. He has over 40 years of
                                 experience in the retail industry and worked with his closest collaborators and all staff members to build Alimentation
                                 Couche-Tard into the business it is today. He is a member of the Board of Directors of CGI Group Inc. and is a member
                                 of its Human Resources Committee.
                                 Mr. Bouchard is an Officer of the Order of Canada and an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec. He also has an
                                 honorary doctorate in Consumer Sciences from Université Laval in Québec City and an honorary doctorate in
                                 Management from McGill University in Montréal. Mr. Bouchard has received many distinguished awards for business
                                 excellence and his outstanding professional achievements, including:
  Alain Bouchard, O.C.,
                                        Companion of the Order of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame
  O.Q.
                                    ◼

                                    ◼   Cercle des Grands entrepreneurs du Québec, a prestigious distinction awarded to exceptional entrepreneurs
  Founder and Executive
                                        whose achievements, ideals and commitment have contributed to Québec’s entrepreneurial vitality and economic
  Chairman
                                        development (February 2018)
                                    ◼   International Horatio Alger Award, which recognizes people who have persevered through challenges to become
  Meets equity ownership                successful entrepreneurs and community leaders, from the Horatio Alger Association (March 2017)
  requirement                       ◼   Grand bâtisseur de l’économie du Québec from the Institute for governance (2014)
                                    ◼   T. Patrick Boyle Founder’s award from the Fraser Institute (2014)
                                    ◼   NACS Insight International Convenience Leader of the year (2014)
                                 Mr. Bouchard has been involved in an impressive number of fundraising campaigns and philanthropic activities. He
                                 and his wife established the Sandra and Alain Bouchard Foundation in 2012, which supports various causes associated
                                 with people living with intellectual disabilities as well as artistic and cultural projects. In 2015 Mr. Bouchard and his
                                 wife were named Exceptional philanthropist of the year by the Québec Chapter of the Association of Fundraising
                                 Professionals.
                                 Mr. Bouchard lives in Montréal, Québec, Canada.




                                 Brian Hannasch is President and Chief Executive Officer of Alimentation Couche-Tard since 2014 and served as its
                                 Chief Operating Officer from 2010 to 2014. Under his leadership, the Corporation has grown to be the largest company
                                 in Canada in terms of revenue and one of the largest convenience store groups in the world.
                                 He joined the Corporation in 2001 as Vice President Operations, U.S. Midwest, and has also served as Senior Vice-
                                 President, U.S. Operations (2008 to 2010), Senior Vice President, Western North America (2004 to 2008), Vice-
                                 President, Integration (2003 to 2004), where he was responsible for all aspects of U.S. operations.
                                 Mr. Hannasch was Vice President of Operations for Bigfoot Food Stores LLC, a 225-unit convenience store chain in
                                 the U.S. Midwest acquired by Alimentation Couche-Tard in 2001. Prior to that, he was at BP Amoco from 1989 to 2000,
                                 and held various positions of increasing responsibility including Vice-President of Marketing for the U.S. Midwest
                                 Business Unit.
                                 Mr. Hannasch was named 2019 Retailer Executive of the Year by Convenience Store News’ blue-chip panel of c-store
  Brian Hannasch
                                 industry leaders. He was also named CEO of the year by The Globe and Mail in 2016 and has been a member of the
  President and Chief
                                 board of directors of the Association for Convenience & Fuel Retailing (NACS) since 2016.
  Executive Officer
                                 Mr. Hannasch lives in Columbus, Indiana, United States. He has a Master of Business Administration in marketing and
                                 finance from the University of Chicago and a Bachelor of Arts in finance from Iowa State University.
  Meets equity
  ownership requirement




                                                                                                                                                      58
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                               Claude Tessier CPA, CA, joined Alimentation Couche-Tard as Chief Financial Officer on January 28, 2016. Prior to
                               joining Couche-Tard, Mr. Tessier held the position of President of the IGA Operations Business Unit at Sobeys Inc.
                               from 2012 to 2016 and was a member of Sobeys Inc. Executive Committee. Mr. Tessier joined the management team
                               of Sobeys Quebec Inc. in 2003 as Senior Vice President, Finance & Strategic Planning. Mr. Tessier has spent most of
                               his professional career in the Food industry after serving in several finance positions. Prior to his position with Sobeys
                               Inc., Mr. Tessier gained more than 15 years of experience in senior financial leadership positions with Fly Furniture,
                               Provigo and Costco, including in CFO and Vice President roles. He has also held management positions with Mallette
                               International and PricewaterhouseCoopers (formerly Coopers & Lybrand). Mr. Tessier is a member of the Board or
                               Directors of the TMX Group Limited since September 2020. He is also a member of its Finance and Audit Committee,
                               as well as its Derivates Committee. Mr. Tessier is Chairman of the Circle K AS Board of Directors, the retail gasoline
                               filling stations. He also sits on the Board of Directors of the Maison de la Sérénité de Laval which provides free of
  Claude Tessier               charge quality palliative care and he participates, on a yearly basis, in its fundraising campaign.
  Chief Financial Officer      Mr. Tessier holds a Bachelor of Accounting degree from the Université du Québec à Montréal (1986) and has been a
                               member of the Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountants since 1987.

  Meets equity
  ownership requirement


                               Alex Miller was appointed Executive Vice-President, Operations, North America, and Global Optimization in March
                               2021 after occupying the position of Executive Vice President, Commercial Optimization since May 2019. Previously
                               Mr. Miller held the position of Senior Vice-President, Operations and Global Fuels since December 2017, as Senior
                               Vice-President, Global Fuels since November 2016, and as Vice-President, Fuels since October 2012. Mr. Miller joined
                               Couche-Tard as Director of Fuels, Real Estate and Facilities in 2012. Prior to, he was with BP Plc. for 16 years in a
                               variety of operational, supply, business development, and strategy roles in the US and Europe. Mr. Miller holds a BS
                               in Business Management from Southern Illinois University.




  Alex Miller
  Executive Vice
  President, Operations,
  North America, and
  Global Optimization


  Meets equity
  ownership requirement



                               Kevin Lewis joined Alimentation Couche-Tard as Chief Marketing Officer in July 2017 and is responsible for marketing,
                               merchandising and category development activities worldwide. Mr. Lewis has held multiple executive roles in digital
                               and physical retail and technology companies across the globe. He previously held the position of Chief Marketing
                               Officer at Total Wine & More. Previously, Kevin ran the digital, kiosk and subscription businesses while Senior Vice-
                               President of Digital at Blockbuster Entertainment. From 2004 to 2008, Kevin was a member of the executive committee
                               and Chief of Strategy and New Business for Philips Consumer Lifestyle, a division of Royal Philips Electronics. Earlier
                               in his career, Mr. Lewis held multiple leadership positions during a ten-year career at the Boston Consulting Group
                               focusing on CPG, retail and technology clients worldwide. Mr. Lewis holds a Bachelor’s degree in International
                               Relations from Stanford University and an MBA (with Distinction) from INSEAD.



  Kevin Lewis

                                                                                                                                                      59
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
      Chief Marketing Officer

      Meets equity
      ownership requirement




Executive 2021 Compensation at a Glance and
Performance

Our compensation program is designed to drive short and long-term business performance and
appreciation in our share price, which creates value for our shareholders. The compensation policies
for executives are intended to adequately compensate their services while establishing a correlation
between their compensation and the Corporation’s financial performance.
The table below is a summary of total direct compensation granted to our named executive officers
(each a “NEO”) for 2021 performance. You can read about each compensation component in more
detail beginning on page 73.

                                                                                Long-term incentives
                                                                                                                     Fiscal               %              %
                                                               Annual           Share               Stock        2021direct      at risk for    at risk for
                                              Salary(1)      incentive        units(2),(3)      options(4)    compensation    fiscal 2021(5)   fiscal 2020
Alain Bouchard                             $1,243,897       $1,014,341      $2,793,112       $1,205,607 (6)      $6,256,957            80%            62%
Founder and Executive Chairman
Brian Hannasch                             $1,716,644       $3,382,511      $5,516,183         $1,196,077       $11,811,415            85%            69%
President and Chief Executive Officer
Claude Tessier                               $643,159         $729,678        $682,953            $98,761        $2,154,551            70%            66%
Chief Financial Officer
Alex Miller                                  $752,985     $1,290,089 (7)      $597,194            $86,325        $2,726,593            72%            63%
Executive Vice President, Operations,
North America and Global Commercial
Optimization
Kevin Lewis                                  $760,914         $656,396        $630,458            $91,134        $2,138,902            64%            62%
Chief Marketing Officer
(1)     Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis are paid in U.S. dollars. Their compensation has been converted into Canadian dollars using the average
        exchange rate of 1.3120 for fiscal 2021. As a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, Messrs. Bouchard, Hannasch, Tessier, Miller and Lewis have agreed
        to waive a portion of their base salary during fiscal 2021.
(2)     Share units are composed at 65% of PSUs and at 35% of either RSUs or DSUs at the election of each NEO. PSUs are performance based (see page
        66 for details about the NEOs’ long-term incentives).
(3)     Share units are awarded based on the weighted average trading price of Class B shares on the TSX for the five days immediately preceding the
        grant date and stock options are awarded based on the weighted average reported closing price for a board lot of the Class B Shares on the TSX
        for the five days prior to such day.
(4)     Amounts are the fair value of the stock option awards on the grant date, calculated using the Black-Scholes model.
(5)     The at-risk compensation is composed of the annual incentive, the stock options and the Share Units (as such term is defined at page 66.
(6)     Mr. Bouchard was granted 67,901 options on July 9, 2020, representing 200% instead of 286% of his annual base salary. As a result, on May 12,
        2021 Mr. Bouchard was granted an additional 30,115 options to reach his target of 286%.
(7)     This amount includes the special bonus that Mr. Miller received for the successful integration of the Holiday Network of stores.




                                                                                                                                                              60
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Share performance and executive pay
Our shares have performed well over the past several years, outperforming the market and delivering
strong returns to shareholders. The graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return of
$100 invested in our Class A and Class B shares at the end of fiscal 2016 with the cumulative total
shareholder return of the S&P/TSX Composite Index over the same period and assumes reinvestment
of dividends.




                                      April 2016       April 2017       April 2018        April 2019   April 2020   April 2021
Class A shares                          $100.00          $115.46           $103.94          $143.44      $148.34      $153.46

Class B shares                           $100.00         $115.68           $105.21          $146.83      $150.72      $156.79

S&P/TSX Composite Index                 $100.00          $112.34           $112.94          $119.75      $103.94      $137.68



The above performance graph and table show both a strong increase in the Corporation’s total
shareholder return, as well as a solid performance by the Corporation.




                                                                                                                          61
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Cost of management

The graph below shows EBITDA1 and total direct compensation granted to our NEOs over the past
five years as a percentage of EBITDA1 to show the cost of management over the same period. Our cost
of management has averaged less than 1% of EBITDA1 over the five-year period.



                                   COST OF MANAGEMENT
                                     6000                                                                                                                      5%



                                                                                                                                                                       Total direct compensation
                                     5000                                                                                                                      4%




    EBITDA (USD$ millions)
                                     4000
                                                                                                                                                               3%
                                     3000



                                                                                                                                                                           as a % of EBITDA
                                                                                                                                                               2%
                                     2000

                                     1000                                                                                                                      1%

                                          0                                                                                                                    0%
                                                   Fiscal 2017           Fiscal 2018           Fiscal 2019           Fiscal 2020           Fiscal 2021

                                                      EBITDA (USD$ millions)
                                                      Total direct compensation as a % of EBITDA

                                                                    Fiscal 2017          Fiscal 2018          Fiscal 2019          Fiscal 2020           Fiscal 2021
EBITDA(1) (USD$ millions)                                                 $2,396               $2,980               $3,583               $4,525               $5,061
Total direct compensation                                            $13,649,874          $15,191,056          $14,762,201          $19,558,926      $19,142,463(2)
granted to NEOs (in USD)
Total direct compensation as a %                  0.6%                0.5%                 0.4%                 0.4%                                            0.5%
of EBITDA(1)
      (1) Please refer to the section “Non-IFRS Measures” or our Annual Report 2021 for additional information on this
            performance measure not defined by IFRS.
                             (2)    For the fiscal year ended April 25, 2021, this amount represents actual compensation paid to the NEOs after
                                    COVID-19 related reductions.
Total direct compensation includes base salary, the short-term incentive, and the value of the share
units awards on the grant date multiplied by the volume weighted average trading price for Class B
shares on the TSX during the five trading days immediately before the grant date, and the grant values
of stock option awards beginning in fiscal 2015. As our financial results are reported in USD, the above
values are all expressed in USD. Compensation granted to Messrs. Bouchard and Tessier has been
converted into USD using the average exchange rates for each fiscal year: 0.7630 (2021), 0.7494 (2020),
0.7595 (2019), 0.7826 (2018) and 0.7598 (2017).
We believe earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and impairment (EBITDA2) is an
important financial measure and a key component of sustained growth. Note that while EBITDA2 and
adjusted EBITDA2 are not performance measures defined by IFRS, we believe they help facilitate the
evaluation of our ongoing operations and our ability to generate cash flows to fund our cash
requirements, including our capital expenditures program. Our definitions of these measures may be
different from those used by other publicly listed companies. EBITDA2 figures are as disclosed in our
management’s discussion and analysis report in U.S. dollars and have been converted to Canadian
dollars using the average exchange rates for the fiscal year as noted above.



                             (1)    Please refer to the section “Non-IFRS Measures” or our Annual Report 2021 for additional information on this
                                    performance measure not defined by IFRS.

2
 Please refer to the section “Non-IFRS Measures” or our Annual Report 2021 for additional information on this performance
measure not defined by IFRS.


                                                                                                                                                                                                   62
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Trend in Compensation
The following graph illustrates the relationship between the aggregate total direct compensation paid
to all NEOs relative to the Corporation’s cumulative total shareholder return of $100 invested in our
Class A and Class B shares over since fiscal 2016. It should be noted that this graph does not illustrate
the compensation earned by our current NEOs between years 2016 and 2021, but rather the
compensation awarded to the executive officers mentioned in each of the Corporation’s management
proxy circulars of years 2016 to 2021.

 $180.00                                                                              $30,000,000.00
 $160.00
                                                                                      $25,000,000.00
 $140.00
 $120.00                                                                              $20,000,000.00
 $100.00
                                                                                      $15,000,000.00
   $80.00
   $60.00                                                                             $10,000,000.00
   $40.00
                                                                                      $5,000,000.00
   $20.00
    $0.00                                                                             $-
               2016        2017        2018        2019        2020        2021

                         Total direct compensation          Multiple Voting Shares
                         Subordinate Voting Shares


The trend demonstrates a steady increase in total shareholder return, with an increase of over 50% in
the value of our Shares since 2016. The total direct compensation paid to our NEOs has not followed
the same increase as there is no direct correlation between the total compensation granted to our
NEOs and our share price due to external factors beyond our control affecting our share price.
However, as a consequence of the Corporation’s evolution and continuous growth, we continue to
annually review and updated the compensation plans offered to NEOs in order to continue supporting
a pay-for-performance philosophy and increasing alignment of executive compensation with
shareholder interests.


Executive Compensation Program

Philosophy
The Corporation’s compensation program is designed to attract, retain and incentivize executives to
achieve performance objectives aligned with the Corporation’s vision, entrepreneurial culture and
strategic orientation consistent with Shareholders’ value creation. It also allows the Corporation to
reward those executives that deliver superior financial performance.
We remain a growth-oriented company and our compensation programs are designed to reward
achievement of such growth.




                                                                                                            63
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Four elements of our compensation strategy
Be competitive                                                                                              Our compensation
We have designed our compensation program to recruit, develop and retain talented executives, and           strategy
we have extremely low turnover on the executive team. We have a formal, independent review process
                                                                                                            BE COMPETITIVE
every two years to ensure executive compensation is benchmarked consistently. Our next formal
                                                                                                            We have designed our
benchmarking process will commence in the fall of 2021 and be completed in March 2022.
                                                                                                            compensation program to
Pay for performance                                                                                         recruit, develop and retain
A significant proportion of our executive compensation is tied to variable, performance-based               talented executives
programs. We set challenging targets and objectives that drive our annual business plan and our
                                                                                                            PAY FOR PERFORMANCE
strategy. These targets and objectives motivate the executives to work hard and foster teamwork to
                                                                                                            We reward executives for
deliver strong results and be rewarded accordingly. We assess corporate and individual performance
                                                                                                            exceptional performance in
in our compensation decision-making. We emphasize at-risk pay to motivate the executive team to
                                                                                                            achieving pre–determined and
execute the business plan, in line with our strategy and values, and to create value for our shareholders
                                                                                                            quantifiable objectives
over time without taking excessive risk.
Align with shareholder interests                                                                            ALIGN WITH SHAREHOLDER
Our philosophy and approach to executive compensation is structured to align the focus and strategic        INTERESTS
managerial decisions of our executive teams with the interests of shareholders. We see Alimentation         Our compensation program
Couche-Tard as a long-term growth investment and link a material portion of our executive                   emphasizes value creation,
compensation directly to the performance of our shares. We also consider the realizable value of stock      establishing a direct link
option grants the NEOs have received in prior years as part of our formal review of salaries and target     between      executive and
variable compensation every year. This approach has delivered positive outcomes when viewed over            shareholder interests
a multiple year time horizon. Over the past five years, our total shareholder return has exceeded the
                                                                                                            LINK TO STRATEGY
median percentile of our peers. We further reinforced our alignment with shareholder interests by
                                                                                                            Compensation supports the
enabling our executive leadership team and VPs to elect to receive a portion up to 50% of their short-
                                                                                                            achievement of our corporate
term incentive in DSUs (instead of cash).
                                                                                                            strategy
Link to strategy
Our executive compensation is linked to our Double Again strategy focusing on organic growtsh and
M&A. A key variable in our ability to deliver results rests in our expertise and strength in integrating
acquisitions. The number and scope of our acquisitions provide us with a unique opportunity to tie
additional, variable, performance-based compensation elements to successfully execute acquisition
plans. Furthermore, most of our excutive’s KRAs are selected from projects froming our Double Again
strategic plan.

What changed in 2021
During fiscal 2021, the HRCG Committee approved certain enhancements to the Corporation’s
executive compensation practices. These include:
  ◼   possible voluntary election to receive DSUs instead of RSUs for executives who are subject to the
      share ownership requirement, and who have not yet met such requirement;
  ◼   performance share units (“PSUs”) and restricted share units (“RSUs”) benefit from share units
      issued as dividend equivalents;
  ◼   certain executives entitled to defer up to 50% of their annual short-term incentive award payout
      into equity-based awards on a voluntary basis, and the Corporation will match 25% of the
      deferred portion into an additional equity-based award which vests over a three-year period;
  ◼   our PSU program was amended to approve a PSU payout scaling from 50% to 100%; and
  ◼   amendments to the various plans to allow for the changes contemplated above.




                                                                                                                                   64
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Compensation positioning
To accomplish its goals of attracting, retaining and incentivizing executives to achieve performance
objectives aligned with the Corporation’s vision and strategic orientation, we use a compensation peer
group made up of companies we compete with for executive talent and position our total target
compensation for executives. Please refer to the section entitled “Benchmarking” on page 71 for a
description of the peer group. More specifically:
  ◼   base salary is generally thoroughly reviewed on a periodical basis and is typically set within a
      competitive range of the median of the peer group, reflecting experience, individual contribution
      and performance, scope of the role and responsibilities, the need to attract new executives and
      other specific circumstances. The base salary may also be reviewed annually and aligned with the
      relevant regional salary increases;
  ◼   while short-term incentive plan targets are aligned with the median of the peer group, actual
      payment may exceed market median when results surpass objectives or may fall below median
      (possibly zero) when results are below expectations;
  ◼   grants of PSUs take into account the participants’ performance and contribution to the
      Corporation’s overall results while striving to ensure the competitiveness of total compensation
      with the median of the peer group;
  ◼   grants of RSUs and stock options promote retention and are aligned with long-term performance
      objectives;
  ◼   grants of DSUs ensure good long-term alignment with shareholders; and
  ◼   savings plans, benefits and other perquisites are aligned with regional practices in the countries
      where the Corporation operates.

General description of the 2021 compensation element
Executive compensation includes direct compensation (base salary, short-term incentive and long-
term incentives), and indirect compensation (pension and other benefits).
Direct compensation
Salary
Base salaries are fixed pay and based on the individual’s competencies, experience and performance
as well as internal compensation guidelines. Base salaries are reviewed annually and usually adjusted
in July. Changes are made to adjust for inflation or to adjust positioning of salaries in relation to the
median of the market and remain competitive. As a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, members of our
executive leadership team (including all five NEOs) agreed to reduce (and for Messiers Bouchard and
Hannash, waive) their respective base salaries for the first months of fiscal 2021. Furthermore, the
implementation of the salary increase process for fiscal 2021 was delayed until March 2021 as the
Corporation monitored financial performance and health during the COVID-19 pandemic. In March
2021, the Board determined that the Corporation’s performance warranted salary increases and that
those increases were made retroactive back to July 2020.
Short-term incentive
The short-term incentive is an annual cash bonus based on the achievement of several factors,
including corporate performance using a key financial measure, a common global KRA measure and
individual performance based on the achievement of individual key result areas (“KRAs”) that are
approved by the HRCG Committee. KRAs are pre-determined and set annually and are tied to strategic
objectives that are connected to the execution of our business plan.
Corporate performance – key financial measure:
We use net earnings as a key financial measure to align the executive team, create accountability and
assess corporate performance. Net earnings are quantifiable and easy to measure and understand and
motivates the executive team to achieve their challenging targets. We must achieve at least 90% of
the objective for our key financial measure to achieve threshold performance, otherwise the payout




                                                                                                            65
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
on the financial component is zero. We use a sliding scale that caps the maximum payout for the
corporate financial component at 250%.

Financial component                             Focuses on budgeted net earnings, a key financial objective tied to our
(50%)                                           annual business plan
If we achieve net earnings:                     Then the financial component is:
   ◼   less than 90% of budget                     ◼   zero
   ◼   at 90% of budget                            ◼   10%
   ◼   100% of budget (at target)                  ◼   100%
   ◼   above 100% and up to 130% of budget         ◼   scaled up to a maximum of 250%


Individual performance – individual KRAs:
                                                                                                                                    Our 2021 ESG key
We assess individual performance in several key result areas – operational, functional, talent
management and development, and strategic planning – to drive strong leadership. Individual
                                                                                                                                    results area:
objectives vary by executive role and responsibilities. The Corporation sets aggressive goals for the                               ◼     Health and safety of our
NEOs and scores each KRA using both quantitative and qualitative criteria.                                                                people
                                                                                                                                          Customer satisfaction
The Corporation has already integrated ESG metrics into its strategy and decisions, and as a result and
                                                                                                                                    ◼

                                                                                                                                          Successful Internal
for increased accountability, the factors used to measure performance for purposes of short-term
                                                                                                                                    ◼

                                                                                                                                          communications
incentive payout contain ESG components.
                                                                                                                                    ◼     Establishment of ESG
Changes for fiscal 2022:                                                                                                                  baselining, strategy and
Commencing in fiscal 2022 the factors and their respective weightings used for the determination of                                       plans
the short-term incentive have been adjusted to reflect our new reality. From the previously used 50%                                ◼     Diversity & Inclusion
for the corporate performance, 25% for the common global KRA and 25% for the individual KRAs, the                                   ◼     People engagement
short-term incentive will be (as of fiscal 2022) based 75% on corporate performance and 25% based
in individual KRAs. This decision was driven by the uncertainty the COVID-19 pandemic continues to
bring to overall planning of targeted metrics and ensures alignment of bottom line profitability which
is the primary factor impacting executive compensation.
Long-term incentives
Long-term incentives include stock options, as well as share units composed at 65% of PSUs and at
35% of either RSUs or DSUs at the election of each NEO. The PSUs, RSUs and DSUs are collectively
referred to herein as “Share Units”. The long-term incentives are awarded to motivate the executive
team to achieve strong future performance for the Corporation and its shareholders, to retain the
executive team and to align executive interests with those of shareholders. The DSUP, Share Unit Plan
as well as the Stock Incentive Plan have all been amended in fiscal 2021 in order to ensure their
relevancy for this incentivizing.
The following table explains the type of grants made to NEOs under our various equity compensation plans, and their respective vesting
and payout conditions:

                    Description and Vesting Matrix                                            Payment Characteristic and Valuation
Options(1)          Options vest 20% each year beginning on the grant date, unless Exercise price is determined by the weighted average reported closing
                    determined otherwise by the Board at the time of grant. Options usually price for a board lot of the Class B Shares on the TSX for the five days
                    expire after 10 years.                                                  immediately before the grant date.
                                                                                            Value derived from in-the-money vested Options is equal to the number
                                                                                            of vested Options exercised multiplied by the difference (in $) between the
                                                                                            Class B Shares price on the day Options are exercised and the exercise
                                                                                            price.
                                                                                            Options provide value only if the Class B Shares price increases above the
                                                                                            exercise price (Options are “in-the-money”).
                                                                                            The plan allows a cashless exercise if the holder has an agreement with his
                                                                                            or her broker.


PSUs                PSUs vest at the end of the three (3) year period commencing at the       PSUs are subject to a performance multiplier, expressed as a percentage.
                    beginning of the fiscal year in which the PSUs are granted, based on      Corporate performance objectives for the three-year period relate to our
                    corporate performance.                                                    operating performance and are set by the HRCG Committee at the time
                    Effective as of fiscal 2021, all PSUs outstanding benefit from Dividend   of grant.
                    Equivalents.                                                              The multiplier is capped at 100% to avoid excessive risk taking.
                                                                                              Value of PSUs equals the number of vested PSUs (including Dividend
                                                                                              Equivalents and taking into account any applicable multiplier) multiplied



                                                                                                                                                                   66
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                    Description and Vesting Matrix                                               Payment Characteristic and Valuation
                                                                                                 by the weighted average trading price of Class B Shares on the TSX for
                                                                                                 the five trading days immediately before the vesting date.


    RSUs            RSUs vest at the end of the three (3) year period commencing at the          Value of RSUs equals the number of vested RSUs (including Dividend
                    beginning of the fiscal year in which the PSUs are granted, based on         Equivalents) multiplied by the weighted average trading price of Class B
                    continued employment.                                                        Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately before the vesting
                    Effective as of fiscal 2021, all RSUs outstanding benefit from the           date.
                    accrual of Dividend Equivalents.
                    In order to increase the alignment of executives’ and shareholders’
                    interests, executives, who are subject to the share ownership
                    requirement, can voluntarily elect to receive DSUs instead of RSUs.
    DSUs            DSUs (subject to the exception of Matching DSUs) vest immediately            Value of DSUs equals the number of vested DSUs (including Dividend
                    but may not be exercised until the executives’ employment with the           Equivalents) multiplied by the weighted average trading price of Class B
                    company ceases.                                                              Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately before the vesting
                    DSUs benefit from the accrual of Dividend Equivalents.                       date.
                    DSUs do not, as a matter of fact, form part of the long-term incentive
                    mix. However, as mentioned above, in order to increase the alignment
                    of executives’ and Shareholders’ interests, executives, who are subject
                    to the share ownership requirement, can voluntarily elect to receive
                    DSUs instead of RSUs.
                    In addition, since fiscal 2020, all executives of the Corporation’s global
                    leadership team can elect to defer their short-term incentive payout
                    into a grant of DSUs, with the Corporation matching 25% of the first
                    50% deferrable portion of the short-term incentive into additional
                    DSUs, as described below.


    Matching DSUs   Matching DSUs correspond to a match at a rate of 25% of any short-           Same as DSUs above.
                    term incentive award amount paid out that an eligible participant
                    elects to defer and receive in the form of DSUs. This 25%-match is
                    applicable on up to 50% of the total deferrable short-term incentive
                    amount that any eligible participant is entitled to.
                    Subject to limited exceptions, the Matching DSUs vest over three years
                    at a rate of 1/3 per anniversary year, but their settlement is deferred.
1
 Relates to grants made under the 1999 Stock Incentive Plan. Please refer to “Our New Stock Incentive Plan” for a summary of the proposed amendments to such
plan.


Further information on the Corporation’s long-term incentive plans is included in Appendix D of this
Circular.
Indirect compensation
Executives receive retirement and other benefits as part of a competitive total compensation package.
Retirement benefits include a defined contribution plan for executives in Canada and Europe, and
non-qualified defined contribution plan in the U.S. as well as a supplemental retirement benefit (see
page 76 to read more about retirement benefits).
Other benefits include a company vehicle, a health cost reimbursement program (disability, group life,
accident, health and travel insurance) and financial planning as part of a competitive package to attract
and retain high performing executives.
Executives and other regular full-time employees can also participate in our Employee Share Purchase
Plan (“ESPP”). Since fiscal 2021, executives can contribute up to 10% of their annual base salary to
purchase Class B Shares and, unlike other employees, are not required to wait one year of continuous
service prior to doing so. Contributions are made by payroll deduction and the Corporation makes
matching contributions of 25% of each participant’s contribution up to a maximum of $1,250 per year.
Participants receive dividends paid on our Class B Shares. Contributions can be made to a registered
retirement savings plan (RRSP), a non-registered account or a tax-free savings account (TFSA).




                                                                                                                                                                     67
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Compensation Mix
We emphasize at-risk pay to motivate the executive team to execute the business plan, in line with
our strategy and values, and to create value for our shareholders over time. Total at-risk pay includes
the short-term incentive bonus as well as the majority of the long-term incentive bonus, namely PSUs
representing 65% of awarded share units, and 100% of awarded stock options.


                            CEO                                             NEOs other than CEO




             Salary (15%)                                                    Salary (26%)
             Annual short-term incentive (28%)                               Annual short-term incentive (28%)
             Share units (47%)                                               Share units (35%)
             Stock options (10%)                                             Stock options (11%)



Annual Compensation Review Process on Management of
Risk

Role of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
The Board has given the HRCG Committee the mandate to, among other things, review and
recommend senior executive compensation components and policies, to ensure that they are
consistent with best practices while also considering new compensation trends. The HRCG Committee
oversees our executive compensation program, leadership succession plans and Board succession. It
also helps the Board fulfill its responsibilities relating to human resources, director compensation and
corporate governance.
The HRCG Committee is made up of three independent directors: Mélanie Kau (committee chair),
Daniel Rabinowicz and Louis Têtu. Each is qualified and experienced.
                                                              Skills and experience
                                      Compensation/       Senior
                                      labour relations/   executive       Corporate         Industry
                                      human resources     leadership      governance        experience
Mélanie Kau
Lead Director and committee chair
                                      ✓                   ✓               ✓                 ✓
Daniel Rabinowicz                     ✓                   ✓               ✓                 ✓
Louis Têtu                            ✓                   ✓               ✓

None of the members of the HRCG Committee is or has been indebted towards the Corporation or
any of its subsidiaries or has or has had an interest in any material transaction involving the
Corporation in the course of fiscal 2021. None of the members of the HRCG Committee is or has been
an officer, employee or executive of the Corporation.
The HRCG Committee reviews our corporate performance and relative shareholder return and
evaluates individual performance when making its decisions about executive pay for the year. It also
reviews the compensation packages for the Founder and Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer,

                                                                                                                 68
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
and the other Executive Officers including the NEOs for the previous year and assesses overall market
competitiveness.
The HRCG Committee makes recommendations to the Board for its review and approval, including
target compensation and actual awards and any changes to our human resources and compensation
policies and programs.
Our decision-making process
We have a thorough and disciplined process for making decisions about executive compensation.


 1                            2                            3                            4                5
 Review                       Set performance              Conduct an                   Assess           Award
 compensation                 targets and                  ongoing                      corporate and    compensation
 program                      objectives                   review of the                individual
                                                           market and                   performance
                                                           performance


1. Review compensation program
The HRCG Committee reviews plan design and target compensation, consulting with its independent
advisor, as needed, to benchmark target compensation for market competitiveness and internal
equity. At the same time, the committee reviews the compensation peer group to make sure the
companies in the group are relevant and makes any necessary changes.
The HRCG Committee carries out a formal compensation review every two years and makes any
recommendations about changes to compensation policy, individual plans and the overall program
to the Board for its review and approval. A formal compensation review will be conducted in March
2022.

2. Set performance targets and objectives for executive compensation
Based on our strategic plan and annual business plan, management sets and the HRCG Committee
approves financial objectives and performance criteria for annual incentives and long-term incentives.
The HRCG Committee also approves KRA and individual objectives for the President and CEO and
each of the other NEOs, including other senior officers based on input from the President and CEO.

3. Conduct an ongoing review of the market and performance
The Board receives regular updates from management at each regular meeting, including a discussion
of risks and opportunities.

4. Assess corporate and individual performance
The Board assesses corporate performance under the annual incentive plan to determine the financial
component. The HRCG Committee assesses individual performance of the NEOs against their key
result areas and approves an overall individual score for each that is reflected in the NEOs’ annual
performance bonus payout.

5. Award compensation
The HRCG Committee determines annual incentive awards and grants of long-term incentive awards.
It reviews the performance vesting conditions of the performance-based share units awards and
determines the payout. It also reviews salaries and approves any adjustments for the upcoming year
within defined parameters approved by the Board.
The Board reviews the HRCG Committee’s analysis and recommendations for incentive awards and
approves the awards.
The Board can use its discretion to adjust the recommended awards based on extenuating
circumstances.




                                                                                                                    69
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Role of the Compensation Consultant
The HRCG Committee has retained Willis Towers Watson since 2012 as an independent compensation
consultant.
Willis Towers Watson advises the HRCG Committee on the competitiveness of our executive
compensation program and reviews the compensation components and incentive plan design and
metrics to make sure they continue to be appropriate. Pension, other benefits and provisions
regarding employment and change of control are part of this review. Decisions related to executive
compensation remain the responsibility of the HRCG Committee and the Board, who, in determining
executive compensation for 2021, considered the advice of Tower Watson provided in 2020 on
executive compensation.
The table below shows the fees paid to the independent consultant in the last two fiscal years.
                                                                           2021                        2020
Executive compensation-related fees                                            -                    $145,403
All other fees                                                            $6,600                           –
Total                                                                     $6,000                    $145,403
The external consultant conducts this review every two years and completed its last review in fiscal
2020. Their review addressed base salary, short-term incentives and long-term-incentives, and the
results were used to assess any potential gap between the market median and internal compensation
levels.
The fiscal 2020 review found overall compensation for the NEOs to be generally below the overall
market median, except for the President and CEO’s target compensation which was aligned since the
2018 compensation changes.

Managing compensation related risk
We recognize that some level of risk-taking is needed to drive the entrepreneurial spirit, stay
competitive and achieve the growth our shareholders expect.
The HRCG Committee is committed to ensuring our compensation program supports our long-term
growth and does not encourage excessive risk-taking. It regularly reviews the design of our incentive
plans and also makes sure we have appropriate policies in place to encourage proper conduct and
sound decision-making.
The Corporation uses, among other things, the following practices to discourage or mitigate
inappropriate risk taking:
  ◼     The majority of executive compensation is variable (at-risk) and based on performance (see
        page 60);
  ◼     the Board approves the Corporation’s strategic plan, annual budgets, and financial and other
        targets, which are considered in the context of assessing performance and awarding incentives;
  ◼     there is an appropriate mix of pay, including fixed and performance-based compensation with
        short- and longer-term performance conditions and vesting periods;
  ◼     base salaries are established to provide regular income, regardless of share price;
  ◼     annual short-term incentive awards are capped and based on the achievement of a number of
        financial and strategic performance objectives;
  ◼     long-term equity-based incentive grants, if and when granted, are approved by the Board;
  ◼     when considering the approval of bonus payout and long-term incentive grants, if any, the Board
        considers whether the anticipated costs are reasonable relative to the Corporation’s projected
        and actual income, and amounts are not paid under the Corporation’s annual incentive plans until
        achievement of the relevant financial results have been confirmed by audited financial statements
        of the Corporation;
  ◼     the Corporation’s performance-based long-term incentives are comprised of PSUs which fully
        vest after three years only if performance criteria are met, ensuring that executives remain
        exposed to the risks of their decisions and vesting periods align with risk realization periods. RSUs
        and Options fully vest after three and years of their issuance and their intrinsic value lies in the



                                                                                                                70
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
      long term performance of the share price, thereby aligning interests of the executives with those
      of the shareholders;
  ◼   the Corporation has an Executive Share Ownership Requirement for the NEOs and other key
      executive officers of the Corporation;
  ◼   the executives may not purchase financial instruments to hedge a decrease in the market value
      of the Shares held for the purpose of the share ownership requirements;
  ◼   the Corporation has adopted an executive compensation clawback policy (the “Clawback Policy”)
      which allows it to require repayment of incentive compensation under certain circumstances (see
      below for additional details on this policy);
  ◼   the HRCG Committee maintains overall discretion to adjust annual incentive payouts to take into
      account both unexpected and extraordinary events;
  ◼   employees, officers and directors and others associated with our Corporation must abide to our
      Ethics Code of Conduct in and make sure to always protect Alimentation Couche-Tard’s property
      and assets, exercise good judgment, treat everyone with respect, and act ethically and responsibly
      in everything they do; and
  ◼   the Corporation has adopted an Insider Trading Policy, pursuant to which insiders may not trade
      our securities on information that has not yet been publicly released, or “tip” information to
      anyone outside the Corporation, consistent with securities legislation.

The Board of Directors and the HRCG Committee believe the Corporation’s compensation plans are
designed and administered with the appropriate balance of risk and reward, do not encourage
excessive risk-taking behaviours and are not likely to have a material adverse effect on the
Corporation.

Clawback
We have a clawback policy to protect shareholders from fraudulent activity and the associated
payment of unearned short and long-term incentive awards. It applies to current and former executive
officers, and any others specifically designated by the Board, as well as officers of any subsidiary that
we directly or indirectly control.
Under the policy, the Board has sole discretion, to the full extent permitted by law and to the extent it
determines that it is in our best interest to do so, to:
  ◼ require an officer to reimburse all or a portion of any awarded performance-based incentive

    compensation;
  ◼ require an officer to reimburse any profit realized from the exercise of or vesting of an incentive

    compensation award; or
  ◼ cancel any outstanding unvested incentive awards granted to an officer, if:

     ◼ the amount of the incentive compensation was calculated based on, or was contingent on,

        the achievement of certain financial results that were subsequently the subject of, or affected
        by, a restatement of all or a portion of our financial statements;
     ◼ the officer engaged in gross negligence, intentional misconduct or fraud that caused or

        partially caused the need for the restatement; and
     ◼ the amount of the incentive compensation that would have been awarded to, or received by,

        or the profit realized by the officer had the financial results been properly reported would
        have been lower than the amount actually awarded or received.

Benchmarking
We consider each executive role to maintain internal equity. We also benchmark our compensation
against other companies to make sure we are competitive with the market.
We use a compensation peer group made up of companies we compete with for executive talent and
position our total target compensation for executives around the median of the peer group. Actual
awards can be higher or lower depending on performance.
Willis Towers Watson assists the HRCG Committee by reviewing the compensation peer group to
make sure it stays relevant. It conducts research and analysis, using four criteria to select appropriate
companies for the peer group:

                                                                                                            71
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
  ◼   companies in similar industries: food retail, general merchandise stores, oil and gas refining and
      marketing and restaurants
  ◼   companies with annual revenue ranging from $5 billion to $124 billion
  ◼   companies with a market capitalization of $4 billion to $84 billion
  ◼   companies operating in North America with an emphasis on U.S. corporations because a
      significant portion of our revenues are derived from the United States.
Our compensation peer group was last reviewed in 2020 and included the following 15 Canadian and
U.S. companies as shown below.


Compensation peer group
Canada                                                     United States
  ◼ Canadian Tire Corporation Limited                        ◼ Casey’s General Stores, Inc.                     ◼   The TJX Companies, Inc.
  ◼ Metro Inc.                                               ◼  Dollar General Corporation                      ◼   The Kroger Co.
  ◼ Restaurant Brands International Ltd.                     ◼ Dollar Tree, Inc.                                ◼   Walgreens
    Partnership                                              ◼ Marathon Petroleum Corporation                   ◼   Yum! Brands, Inc.
  ◼ George Weston Limited                                    ◼ Starbucks Corporation

  ◼ Empire Company Limited                                   ◼ Target Corp.



The table below shows our ranking compared to the median of Canadian companies, U.S. companies
and the peer group overall.
                                             Median statistics in relation to Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.
                                                                                        Market
                                                                                  capitalization
                                               Revenue           Net income        as at June 1,
                                        last fiscal year      last fiscal year             2021         Number of
                                         (US$ millions)        (US$ millions)    (US$ millions)         employees
Compensation peer group                        $25,509                  $718           $28,225                 63,000
Canadian companies only                        $13,375                  $643           $11,902                 31,786
U.S. companies only                            $32,942                  $916           $43,233                259,664
Alimentation Couche-Tard                       $45,760                $2,706           $39,438                124,000
Percentile ranking                                 71p                   88p               59p                    53p


Our next formalized benchmarking review will commence in Fall 2021 and be presented to the HR
Committee in March 2022.


Executive Share Ownership Requirement

Our equity ownership requirements ensure that our executives have a stake in our future success and
that their interests are aligned with those of our shareholders. Requirements vary by level and                            EXECUTIVES AS OWNERS
executives must meet their ownership requirement within five years of assuming a position subject to                       We believe our executives
such requirement. NEOs can count Class A, Class B and DSUs shares they hold directly and indirectly                        should feel like owners and
toward meeting the requirement but cannot include performance share units or restricted share units.                       should have a significant stake
Since fiscal 2021, in order to increase the alignment of executives’ and shareholders’ interests,                          in the Corporation.
executives, who are subject to the share ownership requirement and who haven’t yet met such
requirement, can voluntarily elect to receive DSUs instead of RSUs. In addition, following amendments
to our DSUP, NEOs and other executives are able to participate in our DSUP by electing to receive up
to 50% of their short-term incentive award payout in DSUs instead of cash (the “DSU Voluntary
Election”), and the Corporation incentivises this voluntary election by granting additional DSUs equal
to twenty-five percent (25%) of the number of DSUs credited to the account of such executive
pursuant to their DSU Voluntary Election (the “DSU Match”). The DSU Match vests over a period of
three (3) years (one third (1/3) per year) from the date of grant of such DSU Match. This election is
designed to enable our executives to attain their respective shareholding levels as required under the



                                                                                                                                                     72
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Corporation’s Shareholding Guidelines. For more information about our DSUP please go to page 35
of this Circular.
We use the acquisition price or the market value of the holdings at the time we assess their equity
ownership, whichever is higher, to value their ownership.
The table below shows each NEO’s equity ownership as at July 9, 2021. We used the closing price on
the TSX on July 9, 2021, to calculate the value of Class A Shares and Class B Shares: $46.85 for Class A
Shares, and $46.34 for Class B Shares respectively.
                                     Equity              Shares and Awards owned as at
                                     ownership           July 9, 2021
                                     requirement                                                                        Meets share
                                     (multiple of             Class A      Class B       DSUs                  Total    ownership requirements or date by
                    2021 base salary salary)                  Shares       Shares                       market value    which it should be met
Alain Bouchard            $1,470,059 10.0x                115,352,844   14,219,004           -         $6,063,189,386   yes
Brian Hannasch            $1,948,171 5.0x                           -      892,662           -            $41,365,957   yes
Claude Tessier              $693,199 2.0x                           -       33,325    10,964               $2,052,352   yes
Alex Miller                 $787,200 1.5x                           -       21,065       9,570             $1,419,625   yes
Kevin Lewis                 $784,647 1.5x                           -       10,307       9,813              $932,360    July 2022



Description of Compensation paid to Named Executive
Officers in 2021

Base Salary
Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis are paid in U.S. dollars and their amounts have been converted to
Canadian dollars using the average exchange rates for each fiscal year, 1.3120 for fiscal 2021 and
1.3344 for fiscal 2020.
                                                          2021                2020
Alain Bouchard                                       $1,470,059          $1,470,059
Brian Hannasch                                       $1,948,171          $1,936,884
Claude Tessier                                        $693,199            $682,954
Alex Miller                                           $787,200            $733,920
Kevin Lewis                                           $784,647            $774,799

Annual short-term incentive plan
NEOs are entitled to receive short-term incentive awards for achieving or exceeding pre-determined
goals derived from the annual business plan. The HRCG Committee aligns the Corporation’s short-
term incentive metrics with the Corporation’s strategic plan and selects financial performance
indicators that are part of the Corporation’s annual business plan and long-term strategic plan and
are highly correlated with value creation for Shareholders. The HRCG Committee reviewed the
Corporation’s results and assessed the CEO’s performance against his performance and also analyzed
and discussed with the CEO the performance of the other NEOs and executives of the Corporation in
order to recommend their respective short-term incentive award payments to the Board for approval.
In the context of the COVID-19 pandemic, with the shift in focus to protect the Corporation’s
employees and customers from an unprecedented health crisis, all the while continuing to operate
our stores and preserving our balance sheet and EBITDA3 margin, certain previously set short-term
incentive targets became difficult to achieve. Nonetheless, management, with the support of the HRCG
Committee and the Board, felt it was important to maintain the financial targets set at the outset of
the year 2021 so that the ultimate scores and payouts to NEOs appropriately reflect the financial
results of the year.
For fiscal 2021, the NEOs’ short-term incentive was dependent at 50% upon the achievement of a

3
 Please refer to the section “Non-IFRS Measures” or our Annual Report 2021 for additional information on this
performance measure not defined by IFRS.

                                                                                                                                               73
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
company-wide financial target (net income), and the remaining 50% upon the achievement of a target
related to a company-wide COVID-19 plan (the “COVID-19 KRA”) and individual KRAs, each at 25%
respectively.
Net earnings of USD$2,706 millions resulted in an achievement of 121.25% of the company-wide
financial target. Since our short-term incentive program provides a sliding scale for performance
achievement of our company-wide financial target from zero to 250%, the 121.25% achievement
translated into a 181% payout of the company-wide financial component.
Our COVID-19 KRA was measuring five elements, three of which contained ESG criteria, namely the
health and safety of our people, customer satisfaction and successful internal communication. The
rapid implementation of protective routines and equipment to keep our employees and customers
safe contributed to an illness and fatality cases well below society average in a challenging
environment. Rapid and frequent communications using all channels of leadership led to record
engagement. Finallly, excellent performance in labour management and people onboarding translated
into an all-time high customer satisfaction. As a result, the HRCG Committee recommended, and the
Board approved a score of 100% for the response of COVID-19 to be used in the short-term incentive
calculation. Any payout related to the COVID-19 KRA was conditional upon the Corporation’s results
reaching a predefined financial threshold.
Regarding the individual component, the NEOs were each assigned four key result areas. We do not
disclose specific individual objectives for competitive reasons. Individual objectives are quantitative
and qualitative and some objectives stem from our strategic planning process and extend beyond a
fiscal year. Disclosing them would expose the Corporation to serious prejudice and weaken our
competitive advantage. The attainment of the individual component averaged 90.74% for the NEOs,
reflecting solid performance in the individual KRA. Three of our executives, including our CEO have
individual KRAs that contained ESG elements.
The following table shows their respective overall achievement of these key result areas combined:

                                       2021 overall
Individual component                   individual component
(25%)                                  achievement
Alain Bouchard                         90.0%
Brian Hannasch                         93.6%
Claude Tessier                         99.4%
Alex Miller                            75.0%
Kevin Lewis                            95.7%



The short-term incentive award target, consolidated performance metrics, weighting and actual results
and payout for fiscal 2021 are set out in the following table:

                                                  Corporate              Common
                                                   financial            global KRA
                                                 component              component               Individual                 Actual                                  2021
                               Target
                                                                                               component                   Payout                                 Actual
                             incentive      x [ (net earnings) +         (COVID-19        +                      ] =                     x     Salary      =
                                                                                                 (% achieved             (% of salary)                            Payout
                            (% of salary)        (181% x 50%)              KRA)
                                                                                                   x 25%)                                                        ($ or DSU)
                                                (sliding scale up        (100% x 25%)

                                                   to 250%)


Alain Bouchard                        50% X                90.5% +                 25% +                 22.5%    =               69% x       $1,470,059 =        $1,014,341

Brian Hannasch        (1)
                                     125% X                90.5% +                 25% +                 23.4%    =           173.63% x       $1,948,171 =        $3,382,511

Claude Tessier                        75% X                90.5% +                 25% +               24.85%     =           105.26% x        $693,199 =         $729,678(2)

Alex Miller   (1)
                                      60% X                90.5% +                 25% +               18.75%     =            80.55% X        $787,200 =           $634,090

Kevin Lewis     (1)
                                      60% X                90.5% +                 25% +              23.925%     =            83.66% x        $784,647 =           $656,396
(1) Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis are paid in U.S. dollars. Their amounts have been converted to Canadian dollars using the average exchange rate for the year of 1.3120.
(2) As it is now permitted for in the DSUP, Mr. Tessier elected to receive a portion of his short-term incentive in DSUs instead of cash.


                                                                                                                                                                  74
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Long-term incentive plan
Payout of the 2018 long-term incentive awards
The share units awards granted in fiscal 2018 vested on July 19, 2020 and were paid out in late July
2020, with a performance factor of 65% based on our achievement of five equally weighted measures              PAY FOR PERFORMANCE
and a time-based component weighted at 35%.                                                                    PSU payout is based on the
The performance based portion of the long-term incentive award paid out at 68.5% with two out of               achievement of performance
five performance measurements paying out partially. The measures were determined at the time of                objectives that are established
the grant and included same store sales growth, fuel volume, merchandise and service margins                   at the time of the award.
excluding tobacco and return on capital employed (“ROCE”). As in the previous years, an ESG metric             The actual value of the units
was also part of the performance measures, namely employee engagement.                                         that vest is based on the
The price of our Class B Shares increased from $30.70 at the time of grant to $45.60 when the share            market value of our Class B
units were paid out, representing a 48.5% increase over the three-year period. Since the fiscal 2018           Shares at the end of the three-
share units awards vested after our share split, prices relating thereto are expressed on a post-share         year period.
split basis. This resulted in a 79.55% payout of this long-term incentive: (68.5% x 65% performance
criteria) + (100% x 35% time based criteria).


                            Corporate
                            performance        Time vested                                            Market
                                               employment                             Number
                            factor                                                    of              price
                                               service
                        [   achievement    +   factor        ] = Share Unit
                                                                                x     Share       x   of our       = Payout           Realized
                            (0 to 100%)                          vesting factor                                                       value
                                               x                                      Units           Class B
                            x                                                                                                         as a % of
              Grant                                                                   granted
                                               35%                                                    Shares                          grant
              date          65%                                                                                                       value


Alain
              2017-07-20          44.54%   +         35%      =       79.544%     x     61,830    x   $45.60        =    $2,242,699    118%
Bouchard
Brian
              2017-07-20          44.54%   +         35%      =       79.544%     x     104,426   x   $45.60        =    $3,787,764    118%
Hannasch
Claude Tessier 2017-07-20         44.54%   +         35%      =       79.544%     x     20,968    x   $45.60        =      $760,517    118%

Alex Miller   2017-07-20          44.54%   +         35%      =       79.544%     x     10,890    x   $45.60        =      $394,987    118%

Kevin Lewis   2017-07-20          44.54%   +         35%      =       79.544%     x     38,780    x   $45.60        =    $1,406,578    118%



About the 2021 long-term incentive awards
On July 9, 2020, NEOs were awarded long-term incentive awards composed of Share Units of which
65% are PSUs, and 35% are either RSUs or DSUs at the election of each NEO. These 2021 PSUs and
2021 RSUs will vest April 30, 2023 and their valuation date will be July 8, 2023.
The 2021 PSUs are subject to the achievement of five performance measures, each weighted 20%,
which include store fuel volume compared to industry demand, merchandise and service margin, same
store convenience sales, ROCE and employee engagement. The overall score for the five measures will
determine the number of 2021 PSUs that vest. We do not disclose the details of the results compared
to measures for competitive reasons.
The 2021 DSUs that some executives elected to receive instead of their RSUs vested immediately as
per the DSUP but will only become payable to the NEOs upon them ceasing to be an employee of the
Corporation.
To determine the appropriate value of long-term incentive grants provided to the NEOs, the HRCG
Committee considers the practices of our peer group and external market data, as well as internal
factors including executive retention, dilutive impact and long-term value creation.
The table below shows the 2021 long-term incentives awarded to the NEOs and the weighting
allocation between Share Units and stock options.




                                                                                                                                           75
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                              2021 target
                                long-term
                                 incentive
                           awards (as a %         Options/PSU/           Options         PSU award       RSU award         DSU award        Total award
                           of base salary)       RSU Target Mix       award value             value           value             value              value
                                                   60% Options         $4,204,341        $1,815,540          $977,568                 -       $6,997,449
Alain Bouchard                       476%           + 26% PSUs
                                                    + 14% RSUs
                                                   43% Options         $4,135,430        $3,585,487       $1,930,670                  -       $9,651,567
Brian Hannasch                       495%           + 37% PSUs
                                                    + 20% RSUs
                                                   33% Options           $341,464          $443,908                 -          $239,024       $1,024,396
Claude Tessier                       148%           + 43% PSUs
                                                   + 23% DSUs
                                                   33% Options           $298,467          $388,164                 -          $209,005        $895,636
Alex Miller                          120%           + 43% PSUs
                                                   + 23% DSUs
                                                   33% Options           $315,095          $409,012                 -          $220,674        $944,780
Kevin Lewis                          114%           + 43% PSUs
                                                   + 23% DSUs


Value                                                                                         Currency exchange rate
The HRCG Committee determines long-term incentive awards on the                               The currency exchange rate used for purposes of establishing awards for
basis of their notional value (at par) and uses a discount factor of 50%                      Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis in equivalent U.S. dollars at the date
(instead of the Black-Scholes model used for purposes of the Summary                          of award was 1.3572.
Compensation Table) to establish stock option grants.


Options exercised in fiscal 2021
Mr. Hannasch is the only NEO who exercised stock options in fiscal 2021. The table below shows the
details of the options exercised. The gain is the difference between the exercise price and the market
price of a Class B Share on the TSX at the time of exercise.
                                  Grant date          Expiry Date           Number of       Exercise price   Gain per option
                                                                              options
Brian Hannasch                  April 23, 2010       April 23, 2020             64,781            $3.0933           $35.7467
Brian Hannasch                  April 23, 2010       April 23, 2020            191,937            $3.0933           $39.4767


Retirement benefits
We offer a registered pension plan for Canadian executives, non-qualified deferred compensation
plans for U.S. executives and supplemental retirement plans for Canadian and U.S. executives.
Canada
NEOs in Canada participate in the following plans:
Registered pension plan (funded according to applicable legislation in Canada)
  ◼ Canadian registered pension plan (RPP)

Supplemental retirement plans (unfunded plans)
  ◼ Canadian supplemental retirement program (basic DB SERP)

  ◼ Canadian enhanced supplemental retirement program (enhanced DB SERP)

  ◼ Defined contribution supplemental executive retirement program (DC SERP)


RPP DB component, basic DB SERP and enhanced DB SERP
The RPP has a defined benefit (DB) component and a defined contribution (DC) component. At the
end of fiscal 2016, we modified our defined benefit plans for executives in Canada to freeze accruals
and replaced them with defined contribution benefits.
The DB component of the RPP, in conjunction with the basic DB SERP or the enhanced DB SERP, as
applicable, provide an annual retirement income equal to 2% per year of credited service, multiplied
by the final average salary of the executive’s three best years (and 50% of the annual incentive, the
incentive being limited to 100% of base salary, for credited service in the enhanced DB SERP), with no
offset for any payment from the Canada and Québec pension plans. The normal retirement age is 65,
however participants can retire early with an unreduced pension from age 62 (age 60 for credited

                                                                                                                                                                      76
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
service in the enhanced DB SERP) and with a reduced pension from age 55. The normal form of pension
under the RPP is a 67% joint and survivor annuity with a five-year guarantee.
The normal form of pension under the basic DB SERP is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for five years.
The normal form of pension under the enhanced DB SERP is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for the first
five years and a 50% joint and survivor annuity for the following five years; there is no death benefit
after 10 years.
RPP DC component and DC SERP
The Corporation contributes an amount equal to 12% of the executive’s base salary to the DC
component of the RPP up to the limit imposed by legislation, and the excess amount on a notional
basis to the DC SERP. Executives who were participating in the DB component of the RPP and in the
basic DB SERP at the time these plans were frozen receive a contribution that is greater than 12% and
that varies by individual (no current NEO is eligible for such additional contribution).
Benefits under the DC component of the RPP are payable as a tax-sheltered transfer to an eligible
retirement vehicle. Benefits under the DC SERP are paid as a lump sum or in annual instalments of up
to five years.
Who participates
Mr. Bouchard participates in the DB component of the RPP and the enhanced DB SERP. He commenced
receipt of his monthly benefits in fiscal 2021 under both plans, per the statutory requirements.
Mr. Tessier participates in the DC component of the RPP and the DC SERP.
United States
NEOs in the U.S. can participate in the following plans:
  ◼ U.S. supplemental defined benefit retirement program (U.S. DB SERP)

  ◼ Non-qualified deferred compensation plan (non-qualified plan)

  ◼ Non-qualified deferred compensation plan that was established in fiscal 2017 (new non-qualified plan)

  ◼ 401(k) plan (historical contributions only as it pertains to Mr. Hannasch)

At the end of fiscal 2016 we froze accruals under the U.S. DB SERP and participation in the non-
qualified plan for executives other than Top Level Participants and replaced them with the new non-
qualified plan.
U.S. DB SERP
The U.S. DB SERP is an unfunded, non-qualified defined benefit plan that provides an annual
retirement income equal to 2% per year of credited service, multiplied by the final average base salary
of the executive’s three best years (and 50% of the annual incentive, the incentive being limited to
100% of base salary, for Top-Level Participants), offset by company matching contributions to the non-
qualified plan, and with no offset for social security benefits. The normal retirement age is 65, however
executives can retire early with an unreduced pension from age 62 (age 60 for credited as a Top-Level
Participant) and with a reduced pension from age 55. Upon termination of employment before age
55, the vested accrued pension is payable from age 65.
The normal form of pension under the U.S. DB SERP is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for five years. For
Top-Level Participants, it is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for the first five years and a 50% joint and
survivor annuity for the following five years; there is no death benefit after 10 years.
Non-qualified plan and new non-qualified plan
Under the non-qualified plan and the new non-qualified plan, participants can defer up to 25% of their
base salary and up to 100% of their pre-tax annual incentive. For positions below Vice-President level,
the Corporation makes a matching contribution to the non-qualified plan equal to 100% of employee
deferrals to this plan, up to 7% of their base salary.
For Vice-Presidents and above, no matching company contributions are made under the new non-
qualified plan; instead, contributions of 8% of base salary are made as of the date the participant was
appointed to an executive position. Executives other than Top Level Participants who were
participating in the U.S. DB SERP and in the non-qualified plan at the time these plans were frozen



                                                                                                            77
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
receive a contribution that is greater than 8% and that varies by individual. Mr. Miller is one of such
individuals, and his annual company contribution rate is 20.8%.
Participants choose to have their contributions deposited in a retirement account or an in-service
account or allocated between the two. Company contributions are deposited in retirement accounts.
Participants choose to notionally invest their contributions and those of the Corporation from a range
of options provided under the plans. The investment funds provided under the plans are selected by
the Corporation, and the Corporation may elect to change them from time to time, at the discretion
of the plan administrator. Participants may alter their investment fund choices up to six times per year.
Retirement accounts allow income to be paid as a lump sum or in annual installments for up to five
years when the participant retires, and as a lump sum when employment is terminated before
retirement. In-service accounts also have these features, and also allow participants to access the
income five years after deferral.
The plans are not funded; however, the Corporation sets aside assets in a rabbi trust and attempts to
mirror the participants’ hypothetical earnings in these plans.
401(k) plan
The 401(k) plan is a tax-qualified plan that is funded in accordance with applicable laws. Participation
in the 401(k) plan generally ceases when participants join the non-qualified plan or the new non-
qualified plan.
Who participates
Mr. Hannasch is a Top-Level Participant accruing benefits in the U.S. DB SERP and the non-qualified
plan. He also accrued benefits under the 401(k) plan prior to joining the non-qualified plan. Messrs.
Miller and Lewis participate in the new non-qualified plan and Mr. Miller also accrued benefits in the
U.S. DB SERP and the non-qualified plan up to the date that these plans were frozen for participants
other than Top-Level Participants.

Pension benefits table – defined benefits plan
The table below sets out the pension benefits earned by each NEO as at the end of fiscal 2021 under
the Corporation’s defined benefit pension plans. The present values of defined benefit obligations at
the beginning and end of the fiscal year are based on the same actuarial assumptions and methods
used in our audited financial statements to determine our obligations under the DB retirement plans
at these dates.
                                                                                                                Opening
                                                                                                                 present
                                                                             Annual benefits payable             value of                               Closing present
                           Number of years
                            credited service                  At year end                      At age 65         defined                          Non- value of defined
                                                                                                                  benefit     Compensatory compensatory          benefit
                             RPP        SERP           RPP           SERP              RPP         SERP        obligation          change       change        obligation
Alain Bouchard             14.17       35.00       $56,779     $1,329,957           $56,779   $1,329,957     $31,747,913                    $0       ($1,191,882)        $30,556,031
Brian Hannasch                  -      19.92              -      $781,836                 -   $1,268,167     $17,591,329             $880,976        ($2,722,123)        $15,750,182
Alex Miller                     -        3.50             -       $37,044                 -      $37,044         $792,458             $49,678         ($126,678)             $715,458


Annual benefits payable                                                                       survivor benefit with a 5-year guarantee.
The annual benefit is the lifetime pension payable at the normal retirement age               The normal form of the benefit for Messrs. Hannasch and Miller is an annuity
of 65 based on the final average base salary of the executive’s three best years              guaranteed for the first 5 years. In respect of Mr. Hannasch’s years of credited
as at April 25, 2021 (and 50% of the annual incentive, up to a maximum of 100%                service as a Top-Level Participant it is an annuity guaranteed for the first 5 years,
of base salary for executives participating in the enhanced SERP or as a Top-                 a 50% joint and survivor annuity for the following 5 years and a lifetime annuity
Level Participant), based on years of credited service at year-end and at age 65.             thereafter.
Mr. Bouchard began receiving his monthly benefits under the RPP and SERP
                                                                                              Compensatory change
effective October 1, 2020; the amounts shown are those actually in payment as
                                                                                              The compensatory change is the value of the projected pension earned for the
of April 26, 2021.
                                                                                              period from April 27, 2020 to April 25, 2021, including the impact on the
The annual benefits shown for Messrs. Hannasch and Miller are net of the                      obligation of any differences between actual earnings over the last fiscal year
equivalent pension provided from company matching contributions to the non-                   and those estimated, and any plan changes.
qualified deferred compensation plan and the 401(k) plan that were made after
the SERP entry date.
Mr. Bouchard’s payments under the RPP and SERP include a 66% joint and



                                                                                                                                                                           78
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Non-compensatory change
The non-compensatory change is the value of items other than compensatory,
such as interest on the accrued obligation at the start of the fiscal year, changes
in assumptions, change in exchange rates and other experience gains and losses
for the period from April 27, 2020 to April 25, 2021. In the case of Mr. Bouchard,
it also reflects the reduction in value corresponding to the benefits paid to him
in the fiscal year.

Pension benefits table – defined contribution plan and deferred compensation plans
The following table shows the benefits earned by each NEO as at the end of fiscal 2021 under the
Corporation’s defined contribution pension plans and its U.S. deferred compensation plans.
Amounts for Mr. Tessier relate to his participation in the Canadian registered pension plan and DC
SERP.
Amounts for Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis relate to their participation in the U.S. non-qualified
deferred compensation plans and, in the case of Mr. Hannasch, in the 401(k) plan.


                                Accumulated value at           Compensatory       Non-compensatory          Accumulated value
                                   start of fiscal year             change                 change                 at year end
Alain Bouchard                                      n/a                     n/a                     n/a                        n/a
Brian Hannasch                              $6,222,650                $133,132                $232,062                $6,587,844
Claude Tessier                                $353,087                 $78,732                 $93,674                 $525,493
Kevin Lewis                                   $790,929                 $65,078                $708,404                $1,564,411
Alex Miller                                   $897,534                $167,298                $338,300                $1,403,132


Compensatory change
The compensatory change is the value of company contributions made for the period from April 27, 2020 to April 25, 2021.
Non-compensatory change
Non-compensatory amounts include investment returns and employee contributions or deferrals, net
of any benefit distributions, and include changes in exchange rate.


Termination and Change of Control Benefit
We do not have employment agreements with our NEOs. The terms of employment and any
entitlements are set out in the offer of employment each executive received at the time of hire or
promotion. The offer letter includes a description of the role, salary, benefits and vacation, as well as
the terms of participating in our incentive plans. If an executive’s employment is terminated, his or her
entitlements are according to the laws of the jurisdiction where they reside, and the terms of the
incentive plan documents.
Each executive is subject to non-solicitation and confidentiality provisions to protect the interests of
Alimentation Couche-Tard.
The following table shows how each compensation component is treated if employment is terminated.
                                                                                      Termination         Termination
                    Resignation                   Retirement                          with cause          without cause              Change in control
Salary              None                          None                                None                As required by law         As required by law
(severance)
Annual              Forfeited                     Pro-rated for the time worked Forfeited                 Forfeited                  Pro-rated for the time
incentive                                         in the fiscal year to the                                                          worked in the fiscal
                                                  retirement date.                                                                   year to the termination
                                                                                                                                     date.




                                                                                                                                                               79
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
                                                                              Termination         Termination
                Resignation                  Retirement                       with cause          without cause                       Change in control
PSUs            Forfeited and cancelled      PSUs remain in effect and        All PSUs are        PSUs remain in effect and           Outstanding PSUs vest
                                             are payable at the               cancelled.          are payable at the                  immediately and paid
                                             end of the three-year                                end of the three-year               out within 5 days
                                             term if performance                                  term if performance                 following the change of
                                                                                                                                      control.
                                             conditions are                                       conditions are
                                             met, pro-rated                                       met, prorated
                                                                                                                                      Outstanding PSUs shall
                                             to the amount                                        to the amount
                                                                                                                                      paid and valued as at
                                             of time actively                                     of time actively
                                                                                                                                      the change of control
                                             employed during the                                  employed during the                 date and the vesting
                                             Performance Period.                                  Performance Period.                 percentage shall in no
                                                                                                                                      case be less than 100%.
RSUs            Forfeited and cancelled      Outstanding RSUs vest early      All RSUs are        Outstanding RSUs vest early and    Outstanding RSUs vest
                                             and are pro-rated and paid       cancelled.          are pro-rated and paid within      immediately and are
                                             within 30 days from the                              30 days from the termination date. paid out within 5 days
                                             retirement date.                                                                        following the change of
                                                                                                                                     control.
DSUs            Vested DSUs                  Vested DSUs become               All DSUs are        Vested DSUs become                  Board has
                become payable               payable upon the                 cancelled.          payable upon the                    discretion to make
                upon the earlier             earlier of a delivery by                             earlier of a delivery               such provision for
                of a delivery by             the Participant of a                                 by the Participant of               the protection of
                the Participant              redemption notice or                                 a redemption notice                 the rights of the
                of a redemption              December 1 of the first                              or December 1 of                    Participants.
                notice or                    calendar year following                              the first calendar
                December 1 of                the termination date.                                year following the
                the first calendar                                                                termination date.
                year following the
                termination date.
Matching DSUs   Unvested                     Vested Matching                  All Matching DSUs Vested Matching DSUs become           Board has
                Matching DSUs                DSUs become                      are               payable upon the                      discretion to make
                are cancelled.               payable upon the                 cancelled.        earlier of a delivery                 such provision for
                Vested Matching              earlier of a delivery by                           by the Participant of                 the protection of
                DSUs are payable             the Participant of a                               a redemption notice                   the rights of the
                as DSUs (see                 redemption notice or                               or December 1 of                      Participants.
                above).                      December 1 of the first                            the first calendar
                                             calendar year following                            year following the
                                             the termination date.                              termination date.
Options         Vested Options               Options must be                  All Options are     Vested Options must                 Board has
                must be exercised            exercised before the             cancelled.          be exercised within                 discretion to make
                within 90 days.              earlier of (i) expiry of                             90 days.                            such provision for
                Unvested Options             the Options, or (ii) the                             Unvested Options are                the protection of
                are cancelled.               fifth anniversary of                                 Cancelled.                          the rights of the
                                             the retirement date.                                                                     Participants.
                                             Unvested Options shall
                                             continue to vest during two
                                             years after the retirement
                                             date.
Pension         No additional value          No additional value              No additional       No additional value                 No additional value
                                                                              value
ESPP Shares     Shares can be sold or        Shares can be sold or            Shares can be sold or transferred to a brokerage account (including an RRSP or
                transferred to a             transferred to a brokerage       TFSA) or a share certificate will be issued up until six months after the
                brokerage account            account or a share certificate   termination date.
                (including an RRSP or        will be issued up until six
                TFSA) or a share             months after the retirement
                certificate will be issued   date.
                up until six months after
                the resignation date.
Benefits        End on resignation           Continue as specified in the     End on              End on termination                  End on termination
                                             executive’s offer letter         termination




                                                                                                                                                                80
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
The following table summarizes the incremental payments which would be owed to each NEO in the event of a voluntary
resignation, retirement, termination with cause, termination without cause or following a change of control of the Corporation,
assuming a termination date of on April 25, 2021.
                                                                              Termination            Termination
                                   Resignation(1)       Retirement (2)         with cause         without cause(3)    Change of control(4)
Alain Bouchard
Cash severance                                 –                    –                   –                       –                       –
Annual incentive                               –            $1,014,340                  –               $1,014,340              $1,014,340
Share Units                                    –           $1,671,046                   –              $1,671,046              $8,070,539
Stock options                         $7,768,759           $7,768,759                   –              $7,768,759              $7,768,759
Total                                $7,768,759          $10,454,146                    –            $10,454,146             $16,853,640
Brian Hannasch
Cash severance                                 –                    –                  ––                       –                       –
Annual incentive                               –            $3,382,511                  –               $3,382,511              $3,382,511
Share Units                                    –           $3,070,049                   –              $3,070,049             $15,152,671
Stock options                        $33,519,705          $33,519,705                   –             $33,519,705             $33,519,705
Total                               $33,519,705          $39,972,266                    –            $39,972,266             $52,054,887
Claude Tessier
Cash severance                                 –                    –                   –                       –                       –
Annual incentive                               –             $729,678                   –                $729,678                $729,678
Share Units                             $229,438             $657,799                   –                $657,799              $2,222,285
Stock options                         $1,824,294          $1,824,294                    –              $1,824,294              $1,824,294
Total                                $2,053,732          $3,211,771                     –             $3,211,771              $4,776,257
Alex Miller
Cash severance                                 –                    –                   –                       –                       –
Annual incentive                               –            $1,126,089                  –               $1,126,089              $1,126,089
Share Units                             $200,625             $535,874                   –                $535,874              $1,813,588
Stock options                           $192,506             $192,506                   –                $192,506                $192,506
Total                                  $393,131           $1,362,469                    –             $1,362,469              $2,640,183
Kevin Lewis
Cash severance                                 –                    –                   –                       –                       –
Annual incentive                               –             $656,396                   –                $656,396                $656,396
Share Units                             $211,804             $593,028                   –                $593,028              $1,999,011
Stock options                           $140,771             $140,771                   –                $140,771                $140,771
Total                                  $352,575           $1,390,195                    –             $1,390,195              $2,796,178
     (1)   Assumes payment of all DSUs and vested Options. All other Share Units are forfeited and cancelled.
     (2)   Assumes payment of all DSUs, all RSUs pro-rated to the lisfespan of each respective award, and all vested Options. PSUs
           remain in effect and are payable at the end of the three-year term if performance conditions are met, pro-rated to the
           amount of time actively employed during the Performance Period.
     (3)   Assumes payment of all DSUs, all RSUs pro-rated to the lisfespan of each respective award, and all vested Options. PSUs
           PSUs remain in effect and are payable at the end of the three-year term if performance conditions are met, pro-rated to the
           amount of time actively employed during the Performance Period.
     (4)   Assumes the immediate vesting and payment of all PSUs and all RSUs, and PSUs are valued at 100%. Assumes the payment
           of all DSUs. Also assumes that the Board uses its discretion and determines that all vested Options shall be paid immediately.




                                                                                                                                             81
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Key Compensation Tables

Summary compensation table
The table below shows the total compensation awarded to each NEO for the fiscal years ended April 25, 2021, April 26, 2020 and April 28,
2019.
                                                                                    Non-equity incentive plan
                                                                                             compensation(4)
                                                                                       Annual        Long-term
                        Fiscal                       Share-based    Option-based     incentive        incentive          Pension      All other                 Total
                        year             Salary(1)      awards(2)       awards(3)        plan              plan            value compensation(5)         compensation
Alain Bouchard        2021            $1,243,897       $2,793,112      $1,205,607   $1,014,341                  –                –                 –          $6,256,957
Founder and Executive 2020            $1,356,978       $2,793,075      $1,044,604    $892,142                   –                –                 –          $6,086,799
Chairman              2019            $1,470,059       $1,955,147        $839,819    $765,662                   –                –                 –          $5,030,687
Brian Hannasch          2021          $1,716,644       $5,516,183      $1,196,077   $3,382,511                  –     $1,014,108                   –         $12,825,523
President and Chief     2020          $1,850,455       $5,306,160        $988,767   $2,996,118         $988,650         $951,357                   –         $13,081,507
Executive Officer       2019          $1,855,526       $3,431,374      $1,483,484   $1,881,828                  –       $769,951                   –          $9,422,163
                        2021            $643,159        $682,953          $98,761    $729,678                   –        $78,732                   –          $2,233,283
Claude Tessier
                        2020            $673,493        $682,894          $84,825    $615,491          $600,000          $83,567                   –          $2,740,270
Chief Financial Officer
                        2019            $663,062        $663,015          $94,693    $665,535                   –        $79,060                   –          $2,165,365
Kevin Lewis             2021            $760,914        $630,458          $91,134    $656,396                   –        $65,078                   –          $2,203,980
Chief Marketing         2020            $774,799        $606,380          $75,330    $427,028                   –        $61,063                   –          $1,944,600
Officer                 2019            $738,668        $590,701          $84,356    $660,284                   –        $58,360                   –          $2,132,369
Alex Miller           2021              $752,985        $597,194          $86,325    $634,089          $656,000         $216,976            $76,253           $3,019,822
Executive Vice-       2020              $724,425        $574,407          $71,348    $543,065          $593,190         $233,524            $54,488           $2,794,447
President, Operations
North America and
                      2019              $625,435        $500,138          $71,422    $396,529                   –       $313,947                   –          $1,907,471
Global Commercial
Optimization


(1) Salary                                                                             (3) Option-based awards
Salaries for Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis are paid in U.S. dollars. Amounts      Amounts are the fair value of the stock option awards on the grant date,
were converted to Canadian dollars for reporting purposes using the following          calculated using the Black-Scholes model and the weighted average
average exchange rates for each fiscal year: 1.3120 for fiscal 2021, 1.3344 for        assumptions in the table below. The amount the executive actually receives may
fiscal 2020 and 1.3167 and for fiscal 2019.                                            be different and could even be zero. See page 84 to read about vesting and
                                                                                       other details of our stock incentive plan.
Due to the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, Messrs. Bouchard,
Hannasch, Tessier, Lewis and Miller waived a portion of their respective base                       Expected dividend      Expected     Risk-free         Expected
salaries during the fiscal 2021 year.                                                               per share              volatility   interest rate     life
(2) Share-based awards                                                                 2021         $0.28                  25.02%       0.46%             8 years
Amounts are the fair value of the long-term incentive awards on the grant date,
                                                                                       2020         $0.25                  23.00%       1.56%             8 years
calculated using the weighted average price of Class B Shares on the TSX for
the five days prior to the grant (see the table below). The number of Share Units      2019         $0.40                  24.00%       2.12%             8 years
awarded as well as the share price for each grant are expressed on a post-Share
                                                                                       (4) Non-equity incentive plan compensation
Split basis. The amount the executive actually receives may be different. See
Appendix D to read about vesting and other details about our Share Unit Plan.          Short-term incentive
                                                                                       Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis receive their annual incentive in U.S. dollars.
               Grant date        Units awarded       Share price                       Amounts were converted to Canadian dollars using the following average
2021           2020-07-09          464,414             $43.48                          exchange rates for each fiscal year: 1.3120 for fiscal 2021, 1.3344 for fiscal 2020
2020           2019-07-19          234,204             $42.18                          and 1.3167 for fiscal 2019.
2019           2018-07-18          224,264             $30.93                          Long-term incentive
                                                                                       In fiscal 2021, Mr. Miller received a special bonus tied to the successful
                                                                                       integration of the Holiday network of stores.
                                                                                       In fiscal 2020, Messrs. Hannash, Tessier and Miller received each a special bonus
                                                                                       tied to the successful integration of the CST network of stores.
                                                                                       (5) All other compensation
                                                                                       All Other Compensation” represents perquisites and other personal benefits
                                                                                       which in the aggregate amount to $50,000 or more or are equivalent to 10% or
                                                                                       more of a NEO’s total salary for the applicable fiscal year. The disclosed amounts
                                                                                       include a vehicle allowance of $64,194 for Mr. Miller.




                                                                                                                                                                    82
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Outstanding share-based awards and option-based awards
The table below includes details about the share units and stock option awards held by each NEO as
of April 25, 2021.

                                                 Option-based awards(1)                                                 Share-based awards(2)

                                                                                                                                                                    Market or
                                                                                                                                                                  payout value
                                                   Number of                                                                  Number of          Market or           of vested
                                                    securities                                              Value of      Shares or units payout value of         share-based
                                                   underlying       Option                 Option       unexercised        of Shares that     share-based          awards not
                                                  unexercised      exercise             expiration    in-the-money              have not       awards that         paid out or
                              Grant date              options         price                   date          options              vested(2) have not vested         distributed

Alain Bouchard                July 9, 2020            98,016(1)       $43.30           July 9, 2030                –                64,849          $945,105                   –
                              July 17, 2019             99,676        $42.18          July 17, 2029                –                66,693          $971,981                   –
                              July 18, 2018             95,056        $30.93          July 18, 2028      $1,018,050                 63,665          $927,858                   –
                              July 20, 2017             92,978        $30.70          July 19, 2027      $1,017,179                       –                 –                  –
                              July 20, 2016             96,974        $29.43          July 20, 2026      $1,183,568                       –                 –                  –
                              July 22, 2015             96,410        $28.75          July 22, 2025      $1,243,207                       –                 –                  –
                              Sept 24, 2014            160,656        $17.25         Sept 24, 2024       $3,918,400                       –                 –                  –

Brian Hannasch                July 9, 2020              95,506        $43.30           July 9, 2030                –               128,071        $1,866,504                   –
                              July 17, 2019             94,348        $42.18          July 17, 2029                –               126,700        $1,846,527                   –
                              July 18, 2018            167,910        $30.93          July 18, 2028      $1,798,316                111,736        $1,628,433                   –
                              July 20, 2017            158,052        $30.70          July 19, 2027      $1,729,089                       –                 –                  –
                              July 20, 2016            163,796        $29.43          July 20, 2026      $1,999,130                       –                 –                  –
                              July 22, 2015            152,456        $28.75          July 22, 2025      $1,965,920                       –                 –                  –
                              Sept 24, 2014            900,000        $17.25         Sept 24, 2024      $21,951,000                       –                 –                  –
                              Sept 24, 2014            210,868        $17.25         Sept 24, 2024       $5,143,071                       –                 –                  –

Claude Tessier                July 9, 2020               7,866        $43.30           July 9, 2030                –                15,856          $231,084                   –
                              July 17, 2019              8,094        $42.18          July 17, 2029                –                16,306          $237,645                   –
                              July 18, 2018             10,718        $30.93          July 18, 2028        $114,790                 21,590          $314,648                   –
                              July 20, 2017             10,484        $30.70          July 19, 2027        $114,695                                         –                  –
                              July 20, 2016             10,616        $29.43          July 20, 2026        $129,568                       –                 –                  –
                              March 22, 2016           123,526        $29.23        March 22, 2026       $1,532,958                       –                 –                  –

Alex Miller                   July 9, 2020               6,893        $43.30           July 9, 2030                –                13,865          $202,064                   –
                              July 17, 2019              6,808        $42.18          July 17, 2029                –                13,716          $199,892                   –
                              July 18, 2018              8,084        $30.93          July 18, 2028         $86,580                 16,286          $237,351                   –
                              July 20, 2017              5,444        $30.70          July 19, 2027         $59,557                       –                 –                  –
                              July 20, 2016              4,844        $29.43          July 20, 2026         $59,121                       –                 –                  –
                              March 22, 2016             2,728        $29.23        March 22, 2026          $33,854                       –                 –                  –

Kevin Lewis                   July 9, 2020               7,277        $43.30           July 9, 2030                –                14,637          $213,323                   –
                              July 17, 2019              7,188        $42.18          July 17, 2029                –                14,479          $211,018                   –
                              July 18, 2018              9,548        $30.93          July 18, 2028        $102,259                 19,235          $280,330                   –
                              July 20, 2017              9,076        $30.70          July 20, 2027         $99,291                       –                 –                  –

      (1)     Mr. Bouchard was granted 67,901 options on July 9, 2020, representing 200% instead of 286% of his annual base salary. As a result, on May 12, 2021
              Mr. Bouchard was granted an additional 30,115 options at an exercise price of $41.98 to reach his target of 286%.
      (2)     Consists of unvested PSUs, RSUs or DSUs.

(1) Option-based awards                                                                       Options expire on the 10th anniversary of the grant date and vest 20% each year
Our issued and outstanding Shares were split three-for-one on April 14, 2014,                 beginning on the grant date.
and two-for-one on September 20, 2019. The number of outstanding options                      The value of unexercised in-the-money options is the difference between the
and the exercise price were adjusted accordingly. This is reflected in the number             closing price of our Class B Shares on the TSX on April 23, 2021, the last trading
of securities underlying unexercised options.                                                 day of fiscal 2021 ($41.64) and the exercise price of the option. Options only
The option exercise price is the weighted average closing price of a board lot of             have value if our share price is higher than the exercise price.
Class B Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately before the grant
date.



                                                                                                                                                                        83
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
(2) Share-based awards                                                                          estimated minimum payout of the award (35% based on service of
Share units were granted in fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021 under our Share Unit                     employment).
Plan (formerly our Phantom Stock Unit Plan) and will vest at the end of a three-                For fiscal 2021, Share Units consist of unvested PSUs and RSUs or DSUs, and
year period in fiscal 2022, 2023 and 2024.                                                      include PSUs, RSUs or DSUs issued as Dividend Equivalents earned during 2021.
For fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2020 grants, payouts are based 35% on service of                     For the purpose of this table, the value of DSUs that have vested but not been
employment and 65% on corporate performance against pre-determined                              paid out at fiscal year-end is determined by multiplying the number of vested
objectives that were set at the time of grant. The amount shown here is the                     DSUs held as at April 25, 2021 by the closing price of our Class B Shares on the
                                                                                                TSX on April 23, 2021, the last trading day of fiscal 2021 ($41.64). Actual payouts
                                                                                                may be higher depending on corporate performance.


Incentive plan awards – value vested or earned during the fiscal year
The table below shows the total value that each NEO would have realized if their option-based awards
had been exercised on the vesting date and paid out in fiscal 2021, their share units awards that vested
and were paid out in fiscal 2021, and their non-equity incentive plan compensation which was earned
during the fiscal 2021 year.
                                 Option-based awards(1) –          Share-based awards(2) –           Non-equity incentive plan
                             value vested during the fiscal   value vested during the fiscal           compensation(3) – value
                                                      year                             year             earned during the year
Alain Bouchard                                  $1,025,015                         $2,242,699                        $1,014,341
Brian Hannasch                                  $1,655,466                         $3,787,764                        $3,382,511
Claude Tessier                                    $101,780                          $999,541                           $729,678
Alex Miller                                        $67,084                          $603,992                           $634,089
Kevin Lewis                                        $67,076                         $1,627,252                          $656,396


(1) Option-based awards                                                                         (3) Non-equity incentive plan compensation
The value of stock options that vested in fiscal 2021 was determined by                         Includes the annual incentive paid for fiscal 2021 to all NEOs. Messrs. Hannasch,
multiplying the number of options that vested by the difference between the                     Miller and Lewis are paid in U.S. dollars. Their annual non-equity incentive
exercise price of the options and the closing price of the Class B Shares on the                amount was converted into Canadian dollars using 1.3120, the average
TSX on each respective vesting date.                                                            exchange rate for fiscal 2021.
(2) Share-based awards
Includes the payout of the Share Units granted in fiscal 2018, calculated using
$45.60, the value of our Class B Shares on the TSX on July 19, 2020, as well as
the value of DSUs granted on July 9, 2020, calculated using the weighted
average price of Class B Shares on the TSX for the five days prior to the grant.




                                                                                                                                                                           84
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular
Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans

Additional information relating to the Stock Incentive Plan
                                 Number of Class B Shares to         Weighted-average              Number of Class B Shares
                                  be issued upon exercise of            exercise price of       remaining available for future
As at April 25, 2021                     outstanding options        outstanding options              issuance under the plan
Equity compensation plan
approved by security holders                        3,267,501                      $25.45                          40,924,814
(stock incentive plan)


The number of Class B Shares to be issued upon exercise of all currently outstanding and unexercised
options represents 0.3% of our total issued and outstanding Class A and Class B Shares as at April 25,
2021.


Burn rate
The table below shows the annual burn rate for granted stock options for the last three fiscal years.
The burn rate is the total stock options granted in each fiscal year expressed as a percentage of the                            BURN RATE AND
average number of outstanding and issued Class A and Class B Shares during the fiscal year.                                      OVERHANG

                                                                            2021                    2020               2019(1)   Our annual burn rate for fiscal
Number of stock options granted                                          219,781                 246,668              163,593    2021 is 0.020% and the total
Average total number of outstanding and issued Class A                                                                           potential dilution of our stock
                                                                   1,096,403,498            1,120,759,429         564,315,776
and B Shares during the fiscal year                                                                                              options at the end our fiscal
Burn rate                                                                 0.020%                  0.022%               0.029%    year is 3.79%.
      (1)   For fiscal 2019, the number of granted stock options and the total number of issued and outstanding shares are
            expressed on a pre-Share Split basis.
Overhang
The table below shows the overhang or total potential dilution at the end of the fiscal year and the
last two fiscal years. The overhang is the sum of the total stock options outstanding and unexercised
at the end of the year and the total number of options available for future grants expressed as a
percentage of the total number of outstanding and issued Class A and Class B Shares at the end of
that fiscal year.

                                                                            2021                    2020               2019(1)
Number of outstanding and unexercised stock options
                                                                       3,267,501               3,319,478            1,652,796
granted (A)
Options available for issuance under the plan (B)                     37,657,313              36,894,216           18,694,171
Total potential dilution (C) equals (A + B)                           40,924,814              40,213,694           20,346,967
Total Class A and B Shares outstanding and issued at
                                                                   1,080,115,446            1,112,691,550         564,413,654
year end (D)
Overhang (E) equals (C divided by D)                                       3.79%                   3.61%                3.60%
      (1)   For fiscal 2019, the total number of outstanding and unexercised stock options, the total number of shares
            available for issuance under the plan, as well as the number of issued and outstanding shares are expressed on
            a pre-Share Split basis.


The number of options remaining available for grant under the plan represent 3.49% of our total issued
and outstanding Class A and Class B Shares as at April 25, 2021.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                                                                       85
Amendment to the Stock Incentive Plan

Our New Stock Incentive Plan
In March 17, 2021, the Board approved, upon the recommendation of the HRCG Committee, an
amended and restated Stock Incentive Plan (the “New Plan”) to replace the Stock Incentive Plan that
had initially been adopted in 1999 (the “Old Plan”). These changes were adopted to ensure the New
Plan’s continued relevancy for incentivizing performance and favouring talent retention. The New Plan
is subject to shareholder approval and ratification at the Meeting, and the full text of the resolution to
be adopted at the Meeting can be found at Appendix “B” to this Circular. Below you will find a summary
of the various changes between the Old Plan and the New Plan. We invite you to also read the full text
of our New Plan on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. In case of conflict between the summary provided
herein and the provisions of the plans, the provisions of the plans shall prevail:
Comparison of changes between the Old Plan and the New Plan:
                                                                 New Plan                                                              Old Plan
Confirmation of number of         The number of shares reserved for issuance is unchanged from the           n/a
shares reserved                   Old Plan but was amended to account for the various stock-splits.

Eligible Participants             The New Plan applies to officers, senior executives, employee              The Old Plan was, among other eligible participants,
                                  directors and other full-time employees. Accordingly, the New Plan         applicable to all directors.
                                  newly clarifies that, among other eligible participants, only
                                  employee directors are eligible for grants of Options, as opposed
                                  to all directors.
Modified definition of “Market    The new definition is determined in reference to the greater of the        The old definition referred to the weighted average reported
Value”                            volume weighted average trading price of the Class B Shares on             closing price for a board lot of the Class B Shares on the TSX
                                  the TSX for the five (5) trading days prior to the grant approval date     for the five (5) days prior to such day.
                                  and the closing market price of the Class B Shares on the TSX on
                                  the last trading day before the grant approval date. This change is
                                  made to align with the Share Unit Plan and so as to comply with
                                  US rules. The Option exercise price shall not be less than the Market
                                  Value of the underlying Class B Shares.


Clarification of notion of        Termination provisions have been revised so as to distinguish the          The Old Plan did not provide for the distinction between
termination                       cases of termination without cause from cases of termination for           termination with or without cause.
                                  cause and provide for the cancellation and forfeiture of Options in
                                  the latter case only. A standard definition of “cause” has also been
                                  included.
Cessation                         A clear definition of retirement aligned with the Share Unit Plan is
                                  provided along with a section providing retiring Optionees with up
                                  to four (4) years from the date of their retirement to exercise their
                                  Options (subject to Options expiry date). Unvested Options                 The Old Plan did not contain specific provisions related to
                                  continue to vest during two (2) years after retirement (subject to         retirement, leave of absence or injury or disability-related
                                  Options expiry date).                                                      termination. A general provision covering any termination
                                                                                                             other than for cause or following the death of a participant
New provision relating to the     The New Plan provides for vested Options exercise for up to two            provided for a 90-day exercise period following termination
notion of disability and injury   (2) years after a disability or injury related termination (subject to     for vested Options, subject to Options expiry date.
related termination, as well as   Options expiry date) and clarifies that Options will remain
leave of absence                  unaffected by an approved voluntary leave of absence.


Black-Out                         Provisions preventing insider trading during black-out periods are         The Old Plan did not have such provision.
                                  included in the New Plan and provide for adapted Market Value
                                  determination for awards made during a black-out period.


Change of control and other       The Board may make such changes as it considers appropriate, in            The Old Plan did not have such provision.
transactions                      its discretion, including changing the vesting conditions and/or the
                                  date on which any Option expires in the event of a change of
                                  control or other transaction (such as a reorganization, an
                                  amalgamation, an arrangement or a take-over bid for all of the
                                  Class B Shares or the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of
                                  the property and assets of ACT).


Cashless exercise                 The New Plan clarifies the cashless exercise option.                       The Old Plan only provided for the possibility of cashless
                                                                                                             exercises without going into details.

New provision relating to tax     Provisions relating to tax withholding and remittance upon exercise        The Old Plan did not have such provision.
withholding and remittance.       are contained in the New Plan for clarification purposes.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                                                                                 86
Amendment provision              The amendment provision is adjusted to comply with TSX              The Old Plan provided for an outdated provision relating to
                                 requirements and includes a provision allowing the Corporation      amendments.
                                 not to seek shareholder approval for modifications to Option
                                 vesting terms. For a detailed description of the amendment
                                 provision, please see below the section titled “Making changes to
                                 the New Plan and Additional Provisions”.


New provision relating to        The New Plan provides detailed provisions to ensure compliance      The Old Plan did not have such provision.
compliance with US laws          with US laws.




Plan limits under the New Plan
Total number of Class B Shares that can be issued        101,352,000 of which 40,924,814 were issuable as of March 17,
under the plan                                           2021.
                                                         (represents 3.79% of our total issued and outstanding
                                                         Class A and Class B Shares as at April 25, 2021)
Total number of Class B Shares reserved for issuance     3% of the total number of Class A and Class B Shares
at any time to any one eligible participant under the    outstanding on a non-diluted basis.
plan or any other share compensation arrangement         The Old Plan provided for a limit of 5%.


Total number of Class B Shares that can be issued to     3% of Class B Shares outstanding.
any one insider under the plan or any other share        The Old Plan provided for a limit of 5%.
compensation arrangement, within a one-year period
Total number of Class B Shares issuable at any time      5% of Class B Shares outstanding.
to insiders under the plan or any other share            The Old Plan provided for a limit of 10%.
compensation arrangement
Total number of Class B Shares that may be issued to     5% of Class B Shares outstanding.
insiders under the plan or any other share               The Old Plan provided for a limit of 10%.
compensation, within any one-year period


Making changes to the New Plan and Additional Provisions
Under the New Plan, we must receive shareholder approval to make any of the following changes:
  ◼ changing the amendment provisions of the New Plan;

  ◼ increasing the maximum number of Shares that can be issued under the New Plan;

  ◼ making a change to eliminate or exceed the insider participation limits set out under the New

    Plan;
  ◼ reducing the exercise price or cancelling an Option and substituting such Option by a new Option

    with a reduced price;
  ◼ extending the term of an Option beyond its original expiry date, except in case of an extension

    due to a blackout period;
  ◼ any amendment which would permit any Option granted under the New Plan to be transferable

    or assignable other than as contemplated by the New Plan;
  ◼ any amendment which would allow non-employee directors to be eligible for awards under the

    New Plan; or
  ◼ any other change that requires us to receive shareholder approval according to regulatory

    requirements or TSX policies.
The Board can use its discretion to make the following changes without shareholder approval,
provided that such changes comply with regulatory requirements, which may include but are not
limited to:
   ◼ making changes of a “housekeeping” or clarification nature;

   ◼ changing the vesting provisions of an Option; or

   ◼ changing the category of people who may participate in the plan, unless the change increases the

     participation of insiders.
The Board may generally amend the Plan or any Option without the consent of the participants to
whom Options were granted provided that such amendment shall not adversely alter or impair such
Options.
The New Plan also provides that the term of an Option may not be extended beyond 10 years. This is
separate from extending the term by 10 days if the Option expiry date falls within a trading black-out
period, or during the 10 days immediately after the black-out period has been lifted.
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                                                                       87
Grants are personal and cannot be assigned or transferred, except by will or by the applicable laws of succession. ACT does not provide for
any financial assistance under the New Plan.

The following provisions apply under the New Plan to Option grants upon the termination of employment of participants to whom they
were granted:

    •    Termination for cause: All unexercised Options will terminate on the participant’s termination date.
    •    Death: Vested Options will remain exercisable by the liquidator, executor or administrator within 180 days after the participant’s
         death, subject to Options expiry date.
    •    Injury or disability: Please refer to the “Comparison of changes between the Old Plan and the New Plan” above.
    •    Retirement: Please refer to the “Comparison of changes between the Old Plan and the New Plan” above.
    •    Any other termination: Vested Options will remain exercisable for 90 days following the participant’s termination of employment.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                                                  88
Appendices
Appendix A – Glossary
Appendix B – Resolution on amended and restated Stock Incentive Plan
Appendix C – Mandate of the Board of Directors
Appendix D – Summary of our Long-Term Incentive Plans




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular   88
Appendix A

Glossary
In this document:

    ◼    “AST” means AST Trust Company (Canada).
    ◼    “Audit Committee” means the Audit Committee of the Corporation.
    ◼    “Board” or “Board of Directors” means the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
    ◼    “CEO” means the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation.
    ◼    “CFO” means the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation.
    ◼    “Chairperson” or “Chairman” means the Chairperson of the Board of Directors.
    ◼    “Circular” means this management information circular.
    ◼    “Class A Shares” means the Class A multiple voting shares of the Corporation.
    ◼    “Class B Shares” means the Class B subordinate voting shares of the Corporation.
    ◼    “Clawback Policy” means the executive compensation clawback policy adopted by the
         Corporation which allows it to require repayment of incentive compensation under certain
         circumstances.
    ◼    “Code” means, collectively, the Ethics Code of Conduct adopted by the Corporation and
         ancillary policies related to ethical business practices.
    ◼    “Conversion Event” means the date when all four of our co-founders will have reached the
         age of 65, thereby triggering the automatic conversion right of the Class B Shares into Class
         A Shares.
    ◼    “Corporation”, “we”, “us”, “our”, “Couche-Tard” and “Alimentation Couche-Tard”
         means Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.
    ◼    “COVID-19 KRA” means the NEOs’ short-term incentives that were based on the following:
         50% on achieving a company-wide financial target (net income) and the remaining 50% on
         achieving targets related to a company-wide COVID-19 plan.
    ◼    “Director Nominees” means the directors for nomination to the Board.
    ◼    “Diversity Policy” means a formal Policy adopted by the Corporation regarding Diversity
         on the Board of Directors and in Executive Officer Positions.
    ◼    “Dividend Equivalents” means that all outstanding Share Units benefit from dividend
         accruals in the form of additional Share Units upon payment of normal cash dividends on
         Shares.
    ◼    “DSUP” means the Deferred Share Unit Plan adopted by the Corporation.
    ◼    “DSUs” means Deferred Share Units granted by the Corporation pursuant to the Deferred
         Share Unit Plan.
    ◼    “DSU Match” means the Corporation grants additional DSUs equal to twenty-five percent
         (25%) of the number of DSUs credited to the account of such executive pursuant to their
         DSU Voluntary Election.
    ◼    “DSU Voluntary Election” means NEOs and other executives are able to participate in our
         DSUP by electing to receive up to 50% of their short-term incentive award payout in DSUs
         instead of cash.
    ◼    “Executive Directors” means directors who are employed by the Corporation.
    ◼    “HRCG Committee” means the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
         of the Corporation.
    ◼    “KRAs” means the key result areas of the Named Executive Officers.
    ◼    “Meeting” means our 2021 annual meeting of shareholders to be held on September 1,
         2021.
    ◼    “New Plan” means an amended and restated Stock Incentive Plan approved by the Board
         on March 17, 2021.
    ◼    “NCIB” means Normal Course Issuer Bid, a share repurchase program.
    ◼    “Non-Executive Directors” means directors who are not otherwise employed by the
         Corporation
    ◼    “Old Plan” means the old Stock Incentive Plan initially adopted by the Board in 1999. The
         Old Plan has been replaced with the New Plan.


Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                     90
    ◼    “Performance Period” means the three (3) years period commencing at the beginning of
         the fiscal year in which the PSU is granted.
    ◼    “PSU” means performance share units granted by the Corporation pursuant to the Stock
         Unit Plan.
    ◼    “Record Date” means July 6, 2021, being the date for determination of Shareholders entitled
         to receive notice of and to vote at the Meeting.
    ◼    “RSU” means restricted share units granted by the Corporation pursuant to the Stock Unit
         Plan.
    ◼    “Shares” means both Class A and Class B shares of the Corporation.
    ◼    “Share Units” means PSUs, RSUs and DSUs, collectively.
    ◼    “Stock Incentive Plan” means the Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan effective
         March 17, 2021.
    ◼    “TSX” means the Toronto Stock Exchange.
    ◼    “Vested PSUs” means the number of PSUs that will vest for a Participant will correspond to
         the number of PSUs granted to such Participant on the grant date (including Dividend
         Equivalents) multiplied by the Vesting Percentage.
    ◼    “Vesting Percentage” means the percentage of performance achieved during the
         Performance Period, as determined by the HRCG Committee, not to exceed 200%.
    ◼    “Voting Agreement” means an agreement pursuant to which Messrs. Bouchard, D’Amours,
         Fortin and Plourde have undertaken to exercise their respective direct and indirect voting
         rights in the Corporation in favour of each other’s election to the Board, subject to each co-
         founder holding, directly or indirectly, a minimum of 18,000,000 Shares of the Corporation.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                      91
Appendix B

Stock Incentive Plan
Upon motion, duly proposed and seconded, it was resolved:
THAT the amended and restated Stock Incentive Plan providing for the issuance of 40,924,814 Class
B Shares as of March 17, 2021 adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation on March 17,
2021 described in the Management Proxy Circular of the Corporation dated July 9, 2021, the full text
of which has been filed on SEDAR, be, and it is hereby, adopted and ratified;
THAT any officer or director of the Corporation be, and each is hereby, authorized and directed, for
and on behalf of the Corporation, to sign and execute all documents, to conclude any agreements and
to do and perform all acts and things deemed necessary or advisable in order to give effect to this
resolution, including compliance with all securities laws and regulations; and
THAT the Board of Directors of the Corporation be, and it is hereby, authorized to cause all measures
to be taken, such further agreements to be entered into and such further documents to be executed
as may be deemed necessary or advisable to give effect to and fully carry out the intent of this
resolution.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                    92
Appendix C

Mandate of the Board of Directors
    A.   Purpose
The role of the board of directors of the Corporation (the "Board") is to supervise the management of
the business and affairs of the Corporation. The Board, directly and through its committees, shall
provide direction to senior management, generally through the president and chief executive officer
(the "CEO"), to pursue the best interests of the Corporation.
    B.   Duties and Responsibilities
The Board, in exercising its powers and discharging its duties, shall act honestly and in good faith with
a view to the best interests of the Corporation and exercise the care, diligence and skill that a
reasonably prudent person would exercise in comparable circumstances. In considering what is in the
best interests of the Corporation, the Board may look at the interests of inter alia, shareholders,
employees, creditors, consumers, governments and the environment to inform its decisions.
In furtherance of its purpose, the Board shall assume the following duties and responsibilities:
Strategy and Budget
    1.   Ensure that a strategic planning process is in place and approve, at least on an annual basis,
         a strategic plan which may take into account, among other things, the longer-term
         opportunities and risks of the business;
    2.   Approve the Corporation's annual operating and capital budgets;
    3.   Review operating and financial performance results in relation to the Corporation's strategic
         plan and budgets;
    4.   Approve all significant decisions outside of the ordinary course of the Corporation's business,
         including major financings, acquisitions, and dispositions or material departures from the
         strategic plan or budgets;
Governance
    1.   Develop the Corporation's approach to, and disclosure of, corporate governance practices
         and oversee the development by the Human Resources and Governance Committee (the
         "HRCG Committee") of a set of corporate governance guidelines and principles that are
         specifically applicable to the Corporation;
    2.   Approve the nomination of directors to the Board, as well as:
            a. Ensure that a majority of the Corporation's directors have no direct or indirect material
               relationship with the Corporation and determine who, in the reasonable opinion of the
               Board, are independent pursuant to applicable legislation, regulation and listing
               requirements;
            b. Develop appropriate qualifications and criteria for the selection of Board members;
    3.   Appoint the chairperson of the Board (the "Chairperson") and if the Chairperson is an
         Executive Chairperson, a lead director (the "Lead Director") and the chairpersons and
         members of each committee of the Board, in consultation with the relevant committee of
         the Board;
    4.   Along with the HR&G Committee, provide and oversee an orientation and continuing
         education program for newly appointed directors;
    5.   Review the disclosure in the Corporation's public disclosure documents relating to corporate
         governance practices and conduct a periodic review of the relationship between
         management and the Board, particularly in a view to ensure effective communication and
         the provision of information to directors in a timely manner;
    6.   Assess annually the effectiveness and contribution of the Board, the Chairperson, each
         committee of the Board and their respective chairperson and individual directors;
    7.   Review and approve the Code of Conduct of the Corporation with the purpose of promoting
         integrity and deterring wrongdoing, and encouraging and promoting a culture of ethical
         business conduct and as required, oversee compliance with the Corporation's Code of
         Conduct by directors, officers and other management personnel and employees;
    8.   Receive reports from the HR&G Committee regarding any breach of the policies with respect

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                        93
        to business conduct and ethics, including the Code of Conduct and review investigations
        and any resolutions of complaints received under such policies;
    9. Delegate (to the extent permitted by law) to the CEO, other executive officers and
        management personnel appropriate powers to manage the business and affairs of the
        Corporation;
    10. Act and function independently from management in fulfilling its fiduciary obligations;
    11. Review, approve and oversee the implementation of the Corporation's material policies,
        including the insider trading policy, health and safety policies and practices and measures
        for receiving feedback from the Corporation's stakeholders, and oversee compliance of these
        policies by directors, executive officers and other management personnel and employees;
    12. Review and approve, as required, the Corporation's environmental policies and management
        systems;
Human Resource Management and Compensation
    1.   Appoint the CEO and the Chief Financial Officer (the "CFO") of the Corporation, following
         the recommendation of the HR&G Committee;
    2.   Approve and/or develop, as applicable written position descriptions for the role of the CEO
         and the CFO, which includes delineating management's responsibilities, as well as written
         position descriptions for the role of the chairperson of each of the committees of the Board
         and the Lead Director;
    3.   Approve the Corporation's compensation policy for directors, if any;
    4.   Review and approve, following the recommendation of the HR&G Committee, the corporate
         goals and objectives that the Executive Chairman, if any, the CEO, the CFO and other
         executive officers are responsible for meeting and reviewing the performance of these
         individuals against such corporate goals and objectives;
    5.   Review and approve, following the recommendation of the HR&G Committee, the
         compensation of the Executive Chairman, if any, the CEO, the CFO and other executive
         officers of the Corporation (including participation in compensation and benefits policies or
         changes thereto);
    6.   Satisfy itself as to the integrity of the Executive Chairman, if any, the CEO and other executive
         officers and that the CEO and other executive officers create a culture of integrity throughout
         the organization;
    7.   Review and approve, following the recommendation of the HR&G Committee, the
         succession planning relating to the position of the CEO, other executive officers, the
         chairperson of the Board and of each of the committees and the Lead Director;
Risk Management, Capital Management and Internal Controls
    1.   Identify and assess periodically the principal risks of the Corporation's business, and ensure
         the implementation of appropriate systems to manage these risks;
    2.   Ensure the integrity of the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting,
         management of information systems, disclosure controls and procedures, financial
         disclosure and the safeguarding of the Corporation's assets;
    3.   Together with the Audit Committee, review, approve and oversee the Corporation's
         disclosure controls and procedures;
Communications
    1.   In conjunction with management, meet with the Corporation's shareholders at the annual
         meeting and be available to respond to questions at that time;
    2.   Monitor investor relations programs and communications with analysts, the media and the
         public;
    3.   Review, approve and oversee the implementation of the Corporation's disclosure policy;
Financial Reporting, Auditors and Transactions
    1.   Review and approve, as required, the Corporation's financial statements and related financial
         information; and
    2.   Appoint (including terms and review of engagement), subject to approval of shareholders,
         and remove the Corporation's auditor;
    3.   Review and approve mergers and acquisition opportunities and financings

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                         94
     C.   Composition
The composition and organization of the Board, including the number, qualifications and
remuneration of directors, the number of Board meetings, Canadian residency requirements, quorum
requirements, meeting procedures and notices of meetings shall comply with applicable requirements
of the Canada Business Corporations Act, the securities laws and regulations applicable in the Province
of Québec and the articles and by-laws of the Corporation, subject to any exemptions or relief that
may be granted from such requirements from time to time.
     D.   Committees of the Board
Subject to applicable law, the Board shall establish, if needed, other Board committees or merge or
dispose of any Board committee in addition to the Audit Committee and the HR&G Committee.
In conjunction with the HR&G Committee, the Board shall review the appropriate structure, size,
composition, mandate and members for each Board committee, and approve any modifications to
such items as considered advisable. The Board may review, from time to time, each charter and
consider any suggested amendments for approval. In addition, the Board may institute procedures to
ensure that the Board and the Board committees function independently of management.
To facilitate communication between the Board and each of the Board committees, each committee
chairperson shall provide a summary and, to the extent necessary, a report, to the Board on material
matters considered by the committee at the first Board meeting following the committee's meeting.
     E.   Meeting
The Board shall meet at least once in each quarter, with additional meetings held as deemed advisable.
The Chairperson shall be primarily responsible for the agenda and for supervising the conduct of any
Board meeting. Any director may propose the inclusion of items on the agenda, request the presence
of, or a report by any member of senior management, or at any Board meeting raise subjects that are
not on the agenda for that meeting.
The Board shall conduct meetings of the Board in accordance with the Corporation's articles and by-
laws.
The secretary of the Corporation (the "Corporate Secretary"), his or her designate or any other person
the Board requests, shall act as secretary of Board meetings.
Minutes of Board meetings shall be recorded and maintained by the Corporate Secretary, or any other
person acting in such capacity, and subsequently presented to the Board for approval.
The independent members of the Board may hold regularly-scheduled meetings, or portions of
regularly scheduled meetings, at which non-independent directors and members of management are
not present.
Each director is expected to attend all meetings of the Board and any committee of which he or she is
a member.
The Board shall have unrestricted access to management and employees of the Corporation (including,
for greater certainty, its affiliates, subsidiaries and their respective operations).
     F.   Other
The Board shall perform any other function as prescribed by law or as not delegated by the Board to
one of the committees of the Board or to management personnel.
This Board Charter is a statement of broad policies and is intended as a component of the flexible
governance framework within which the Board, assisted by its committees, directs the affairs of the
Corporation. While it should be interpreted in the context of all applicable laws, regulations and listing
requirements, as well as in the context of the Corporation's articles and by-laws, it is not intended to
establish any legally binding obligations.
     G.   Limitations on Board's duties
Nothing contained in this charter is intended to expand applicable standards of conduct under
statutory or regulatory requirements for the directors of the Corporation.
Members of the Board are entitled to rely, absent knowledge to the contrary, on (i) the integrity of the
persons and organizations from whom they receive information, and (ii) the accuracy and
completeness of the information provided.
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                         95
Appendix D

Summaries of our Long-Term Incentive Plans
     A.   Summary of the Stock Incentive Plan of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.:
Effective March 17, 2021 (the “Adoption Date”), the Corporation has adopted an Amended and
Restated Stock Incentive Plan (the “Stock Incentive Plan”) for certain management and key
employees holding positions that can have a significant impact on the Corporation's long-term results.
All options issued and outstanding under the Stock Incentive Plan adopted by the Corporation on
September 7, 1999, as amended from time to time, continue to be governed by the Stock Incentive
Plan from its Adoption Date.
The Stock Incentive Plan shall be administered by the Board, or if the Board by resolution so decides,
by the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee (the “HRCG Committee”), and the
Board shall also be responsible for its interpretation, construction and application. Pursuant to the
Stock Incentive Plan, only those officers, senior executives, employee directors and other full-time
employees of the Corporation or any of its affiliates that occupy key positions as determined by the
Board are eligible to receive Options (“Eligible Participants”). In determining Options to be granted
under the Stock Incentive Plan, the Board or the HRCG Committee, as the case may be, shall give due
consideration to the value of each Eligible Participant's present and potential future contribution to
the Corporation's success.
The aggregate number of Class B Subordinate Voting Shares of the Corporation (the “Shares”)
reserved and available for issuance pursuant to Options under the Stock Incentive Plan is limited to
101,352,000 Shares, of which 40,924,814 were available as at March 17, 2021. Shares in respect of
which an Option is granted under the Stock Incentive Plan but not exercised prior to the cancellation
or termination of such Option, due to the expiration, cancellation, termination or lapse of such Option
or otherwise, shall be available for Options to be granted thereafter pursuant to the provisions of the
Stock Incentive Plan. All Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of the Options granted under the Stock
Incentive Plan shall be so issued as fully paid and non-assessable Shares.
Pursuant to the Stock Incentive Plan, in no event can the number of Shares issued from treasury to
satisfy the payment of vested Options exceed 2% of the issued and outstanding Shares at the time.
The Stock Incentive Plan further provides that (i) the aggregate number of Shares reserved for issuance
at any time to any one Eligible Participant shall not exceed 3% of the issued and outstanding Shares
at such time, (ii) the aggregate number of Shares issued to any one insider under the Stock Incentive
Plan or any other proposed or established share compensation arrangement within any one-year
period shall not exceed 3% of the issued and outstanding Shares as such time, (iii) the aggregate
number of Shares issuable at any time to insiders and associates of such insiders at any time under
the Stock Incentive Plan or any other proposed or established share compensation arrangement shall
not exceed 5% of the issued and outstanding Shares, and (iv) the total number of Shares issued to
insiders and associates of such insiders under the Stock Incentive Plan or any other proposed or
established share compensation arrangement within any one-year period shall not exceed 5% of the
issued and outstanding Shares.
For each grant of Options under the Stock Incentive Plan, the Board shall (i) designate the Eligible
Participants who may receive Options, (ii) fix the number of Options to be granted to each Eligible
Participant, (iii) determine the price per Share to be payable upon the exercise of each such Option
(the “Option Price”), which shall not be less than the market value of such Shares at the time of the
grant, and (iv) determine the relevant vesting provisions, including performance criteria, if any, and the
term of the Option which shall not exceed ten years (the “Option Term”), the whole subject to the
terms and conditions of the Stock Incentive Plan. For purposes of the Stock Incentive Plan, the “market
value” of the Shares shall be: (i) if the grant is made outside a black-out period, the greater of (a) the
volume weighted average trading price of the shares on the TSX for the five (5) trading day-period
ending on the last trading day before the day on which the Option is granted and (b) the closing
market price of a Share on the TSX on the last trading day before the day on which the grant is
approved; or (ii) if the grant is approved by the Board or the HRCG Committee on a day that is in a
black-out period or within five (5) trading days after the end of a black-out period, then the grant will
be deemed to have been made on the 6th trading day following the end of such black-out period a
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                         96
the market value shall be equal to the greater of (a) the volume weighted average trading price of the
Shares on the TSX for the five (5) trading day-period ending on the last trading day before the day on
which the Option is deemed to be granted and (b) the closing market price of a Share on the TSX on
the last trading day before the day on which the Option is deemed to be granted.
Unless otherwise determined by the Board, all unexercised Options shall be cancelled at the expiry of
such Options. Should the Option Term for an Option end during a black-out period or before ten (10)
trading days following the end of a black-out period, unless such extension would result in tax
penalties or violate Section 409A of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, such
Option Term shall be automatically extended without any further act or formality to that date which is
the 10th trading day after the end of the black-out period, such 10th trading day to be considered the
expiration date for such Option for all purposes under the Stock Incentive Plan.
Prior to its expiration or earlier termination in accordance with the Stock Incentive Plan, Options are
exercisable in whole or in part and at such time or times and/or pursuant to performance criteria or
other vesting conditions as the Board may determine in its sole discretion at the time of granting the
Option.
With the consent of the Board, a Participant may, rather than exercise the Option which the Participant
is entitled to exercise under this Stock Incentive Plan, elect to surrender all or a portion of such Option
to the Corporation and receive in consideration the number of Shares, disregarding fractions, which,
when multiplied by the market value of the Shares to which the surrendered Option relate, have a
value equal to the product of the number of Shares to which the disposed Option relate multiplied
by the difference between the market value of such Shares and the Option Price of such Option, less
any amount withheld on account of income taxes, which withheld income taxes will be remitted by
the Corporation. The market value of the Shares shall be the volume weighted average trading price
of the Shares on the TSX for the five (5) trading day period ending on the last trading day before the
day on which the Option is exercised or surrendered. Only the number of Shares so received shall be
deducted from the reserve in such a case.
Options are personal to the Participant and shall not be assignable or transferable by the Participant,
whether voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or by the laws of succession of the domicile
of the deceased Participant.
If a Participant’s employment is terminated for cause, Options terminate on the effective date of the
termination or the date specified in the notice of termination.
In the event of the death of a Participant, his/her vested Options at the time of death must be exercised
by his/her heirs within 180 days of the Participant’s death or prior to the expiration of the original term
of such Options, whichever occurs earlier.
In the event of the injury or disability of a Participant any vested Options on the date of the Participant’s
termination of employment may be exercised by the Participant; however such Options shall only be
exercisable within 2 years after the cessation of employment (or the effective date on which the
Participant becomes eligible long-term disability benefits) or prior to the expiration of the original
term of such Options, whichever occurs earlier.
Upon the retirement of a Participant, any vested Option may be exercised by the Participant within 4
years after the retirement date or prior ot the expiration of the original term of such Options, which
ever occurs earlier. Unvested Option (or part thereof) shall continue to vest during 2 years after the
date of retirement.
If a Participant’s employment is terminated other than for cause, by death, disability or retirement, any
Options may be exercised if they have vested at the time of termination or cessation of employment.
Such Options are exercisable for a period of 90 days after the termination date or prior to the
expiration of the original term of such Options, whichever occurs earlier.
In the event a Participant takes a voluntary leave of absence, any Options may be exercised by the
Participant as the rights to exercise such Options accrue, and such Options shall remain fully
exercisable until expiration of the original term of such Options.
The Board may make such changes as it considers appropriate, in its discretion, including changing
the vesting conditions and/or the date on which any Option expires in the event of a change of control
or other transaction (such as a reorganization, an amalgamation, an arrangement or a take-over bid

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                            97
 for all of the Shares or the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the property and assets of
the Corporation).
Under the Stock Incentive Plan, shareholder approval is required in order to make any of the following
changes:
  ◼ changing the amendment provisions of the Stock Incentive Plan;

  ◼ increasing the maximum number of Shares that can be issued under the Stock Incentive Plan;

  ◼ making a change to eliminate or exceed the insider participation limits set out under the Stock

    Incentive Plan;
  ◼ reducing the exercise price or cancelling an Option and substituting such Option by a new Option

    with a reduced price;
  ◼ extending the term of an Option beyond its original expiry date, except in case of an extension

    due to a blackout period;
  ◼ any amendment which would permit any Option granted under the Stock Incentive Plan to be

    transferable or assignable other than as contemplated by the Stock Incentive Plan;
  ◼ any amendment which would allow non-employee directors to be eligible for awards under the

    Stock Incentive Plan; or
  ◼ any other change that requires us to receive shareholder approval according to regulatory

    requirements or TSX policies.
The Board can use its discretion to make the following changes without shareholder approval,
provided that such changes comply with regulatory requirements, which may include but are not
limited to:
   ◼ making changes of a “housekeeping” or clarification nature;

   ◼ changing the vesting provisions of an Option; or

   ◼ changing the category of people who may participate in the plan, unless the change increases the

     participation of insiders.
The Board may generally amend the Stock Incentive plan or any Option without the consent of the
participants to whom Options were granted provided that such amendment shall not adversely alter
or impair such Options.
The Stock Incentive Plan also provides that the term of an Option may not be extended beyond 10
years. This is separate from extending the term by 10 days if the Option expiry date falls within a
trading black-out period, or during the 10 days immediately after the black-out period has been lifted.
Grants are personal and cannot be assigned or transferred, except by will or by the applicable laws
of succession. ACT does not provide for any financial assistance under the Stock Incentive Plan.

The following provisions apply to Option grants upon the termination of employment of participants
to whom they were granted:

     •    Termination for cause: All unexercised Options will terminate on the participant’s
          termination date.
     •    Death: Vested Options will remain exercisable by the liquidator, executor or administrator
          within 180 days after the participant’s death, subject to Options expiry date.
     •    Injury or disability: Please refer to the “Comparison of changes between the Old Plan and the
          New Plan” in our Circular.
     •    Retirement: Please refer to the “Comparison of changes between the Old Plan and the New
          Plan” in our Circular.
     •    Any other termination: Vested Options will remain exercisable for 90 days following the
          participant’s termination of employment.

     B.   Summary of Share Unit Plan of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.:
Following a review of the Phantom Stock Unit Plan so as to ensure its continued relevancy for
incentivizing performance and favouring talent retention, and upon recommendation of the HRCG
Committee, the Board adopted an amended and restated Share Unit Plan on June 29, 2020. Of note,
was the introduction of a formal distinction between time-based share units now called Restricted
Share Units (“RSUs”), and performance-based units now called Performance Share units (“PSUs”,
and RSUs and PSUs are together referred to as “Share Units”). In addition, the Share Unit Plan was
amended to permit participants to benefit from dividend acruals by crediting notional dividends to a
participant’s account in the form of additional Share Units upon the payment of normal cash dividends
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                          98
on Shares, as well as to adopt other changes aligned with market practices. In May 2021, the Share
Unit Plan was further amended in order to add clarification as to the payment of Share Units in a
situation where an eligible participant ceases to be en employee of the Corporation after the date of
vesting of Share Units, but prior to their payment.
All employees of the Corporation are eligible to receive awards under the Share Unit Plan, but eligibility
to participate does not confer upon any person a right to receive an award pursuant to the Share Unit
Plan. In determining Share Units to be awarded under the Share Unit Plan, the Board or the HRCG
Committee, as the case may be, shall give due consideration to the value of each Eligible Participant's
present and potential future contribution to the Corporation's success. The Share Unit Plan was
designed to provide eligible participants with the opportunity to participate in the long-term success
of the Corporation, to promote a greater alignment of their interests with those of shareholders, to
reward eligible participants for their performance of services while working for the Corporation and to
provide a means through which the Corporation may attract, motivate and retain key personnel.
The Share Unit Plan is administered by the HRCG Committee.
For each award of Share Units under the Share Unit Plan, the HRCG Committee shall (i) designate the
eligible articipants who may receive Share Units (the “Participant”), (ii) determine the number of Share
Units (including fractional Share Units) to be credited to each Participant, having regard to the market
value of the Shares at the time of the grant, the whole subject to the terms and conditions of the Share
Unit Plan. For the purpose of such determination, the “market value” of the Shares shall be (i) if the
award is made outside a black-our period, including if the award is declared outside a black-out period
as part of a periodic grant program but with an effective award date that falls within a black-out period,
the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five (5) trading day period
ending on the last trading day before the award date or, if not available, the last available closing
market price of the Shares at the time of the award or (ii) if the award is made during a black-out
period, the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five (5) trading
day period following the last day of such black-out period, in such case the award date being deemed
to be the 6th trading following the last day of such black-out period.
With respect to each award of PSUs, the HRCG Committee shall also determine the performance
measures and objectives that shall determine the proportion, not exceeding 200% of such awarded
PSUs becoming vested PSUs, as well as the performance period, the whole subject to the terms and
conditions of the Share Unit Plan. The Committee may also, in its absolute discretion, at any time after
the date of an award of PSUs and prior ot the payment of the award, make adjustments to the
performance measures and objectives where a relevant indicator of performance no longer exists, has
materially changed of is no longer relevant. The performance period, unless otherwise specified by the
Committee at the time of granting of the award, shall be the three (3) years period commencing at the
beginning of the fiscal year in which the award is granted (the “Performance Period”), and shall also
be the restricted period for purposes of time-vesting of RSUs.
As of July 1, 2020, all outstanding Share Units benefit from dividend accruals in the form of additional
Share Units upon payment of normal cash dividends on Shares (the “Dividend Equivalents”).
With respect to each award of PSUs, following the completion of a Performance Period applicable to
an award, the HRCG Committee shall assess the performance in light of the measures identified and
the objectives set for such Performance Period. The HRCG Committee shall then determine the
percentage, not to exceed 200%, of performance achieved during the Performance Period (the
"Vesting Percentage") applicable to the award. In making its determination, the HRCG Committee
may set the Vesting Percentage at a higher percentage (not to exceed 200%) than would have resulted
based solely on the performance measures and objectives.
The number of PSUs that will vest for a Participant will correspond to the number of PSUs granted to
such Participant on the grant date (including Dividend Equivalents) multiplied by the Vesting
Percentage (the “Vested PSUs”).
With respect to each award of RSUs, RSUs (including Dividend Equivalents) credited to the account of
a Participant who is still in the active employment of the Corporation as of the end of the Performance
Period shall become vested at that time (the “Vested RSUs”).
Participants are entitled to receive payment in cash for each Vested PSUs and each Vested RSUs in an
amount equal to the number of Vested PSUs multiplied by the volume weighted average trading price
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                         99
of the Shares on the TSX for the five trading day period immediately preceding the date or dates
determined by the HRCG Committee as the date(s) on which all or part of an award shall be valued
(the “Valuation Date”) and thereafter be paid, less any applicable withholding taxes.
Upon a Participant’s retirement, if a Participant’s employment is terminated other than for cause, or if
a Participant becomes disabled (as defined in the Share Unit Plan), a pro-rated payment amount based
on the amount of time such Participant was actively employed during the Performance Period will
become payable to the Participant: (i) in the case of PSUs, at the end of the Performance Period if
performance conditions are met, and (ii) in the case of RSUs, within 30 days from the separation date,
provided that the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the separation date or the date the Participant
became Disabled, as applicable, and provided that the Participant shall cease to accumulate Dividend
Equivalents as of the separation date.
Upon the death of a Participant, subject to any express resolution of the HRCG Committee, a pro-rated
payment amount based on the amount of time such Participant was actively employed during the
Performance Period will become payable to the Participant: (i) in the case of PSUs, at the end of the
Performance Period if performance conditions are met, and (ii) in the case of RSUs, within 90 days
from the date of death, provided that the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the date of death,
and provided that the Participant shall cease to accumulate Dividend Equivalents as of the date of
death.
Upon the termination of a Participant’s employment for cause or for any other reason than those
specified above, any unvested Share Units credited to such Participant’s account shall be forfeited and
cancelled along with any Dividend Equivalent in relation to such Share Units.
The Share Unit Plan also provides that in the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the Share
Unit Plan), all outstanding Share Units shall vest immediately at a Vesting Percentage of 100%, or such
higher percentage as may be determined by the HRCG Committee.
Each Share Unit awarded under the Share Unit Plan is personal to the Participant and shall not be
assignable or transferrable by the Participant, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, except by
will or by the laws of succession of the domicile of the deceased Participant.
    C.   Summary of Deferred Share Unit Plan
Effective June 29, 2020, the Board approved, following a recommendation of the HRCG Committee,
an amended and restated Deferred Share Unit Plan (the “DSUP”) in order to ensure its continued
relevancy for incentivizing performance and favouring talent retention. The Board then approved
further amendments to the DSUP on March 17, 2021 in order to comply with certain US taxation rules.
The DSUP, as amended, is designed to enhance the Corporation’s ability to attract and retain talented
individuals to serve as members of the Board and in executive positions, to promote alignment of
interests between participants and shareholders and to assist rarticipants in fulfilling their respective
Share Ownership Requirements.
The DSUP is administered by the HRCG Committee.
For the purpose of the DSUP, “Eligible Directors” are those directors who are not employees of the
Corporation and are designated as such by the Board and “Eligible Employees” are those employees
of the Corporation and are designated as such by the Board. When such Eligible Directors or Eligible
Employees are granted Deferred Share Units (“DSUs”), they are also referred to as “Participants”.
DSUs issued under the DSUP can only be settled in cash.
For each fiscal year, in addition to any additional portion elected to be received in the form of DSUs,
each Eligible Director shall receive in the form of DSUs (the exact number of which, rounded down to
the next whole DSU, being calculated using the fair market value at the time of the grant) 50% of the
amount of the annual retainer payable to such Eligible Director in respect of his or her duties as a
director of the Corporation for such fiscal (the “Director Annual DSU Remuneration”).
Participation in the DSUP by Eligible Employees remains entirely at the Eligible Employee’s discretion,
since no given portion of an Eligible Employee’s annual remuneration has been determined by the
Board to be mandatorily payable in DSUs. For the purpose of the DSUP, Eligible Employees may elect
to receive in the form of DSUs (i) a portion of the short-term incentive compensation instead of in
cash, and/or (ii) all of the RSU portion of the long-term incentive compensation payable to such Eligible
Employee in respect of his or her duties and performance as an employee of the Corporation with

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                        100
respect to a fiscal year (the “Employee Annual DSU Remuneration”). With respect to the short-term
incentive compensation, en Eligible Employee may be permitted to, as determined by the Board, to
defer up to 50% of his or her short-term incentive compensation into DSUs (“Match Eligible
Remuneration”) and receive Matching DSUs in respect of such deferral. On the same date as DSUs
are granted to a Participant in respect of a deferral of Match Eligible Remuneration, additional DSUs
may be granted to the Participant as a matching grant of DSUs (“Matching DSUs”). The number of
Matching DSUs granted shall be equal to twenty-five percent (25%) of the first fifty percent (50%) of
DSUs granted in respect of the Participant’s deferral of Match Eligible Remuneration, or such other
matching percentage designated by the Board from time to time. The first DSUs had been issued to
Eligible Employees prior to 2020.
The number of DSUs (including Matching DSUs, as applicable) to be credited to an Eligible Director or
Eligible Employee’s notional account shall be determined by dividing (in) in the case of Eligible
Directors, the dollar value of the Director Annual DSU Remuneration and (ii) in the case of Eligible
Employees the approved dollar amount of the Employee Annual DSU Remuneration, by the the fair
market value at the time of the grant. The the “market value” used for purposes of calculating the
amount of DSUs so to be granted shall be the volume weighted average trading price of a Share on
the TSX for the five (5) trading days immediately preceding the date of calculation or such other
manner as is required or allowed by the rules and policies of the TSX, or, if not available, the last
available closing market price of the Shares preceding the time of the grant.
A Participant shall be entitled to receive Dividend Equivalents in the form of additional DSUs as of
each dividend payment date in respect of which normal cash dividends are paid on the Shares during
the period between the date the DSUs have been awarded and the Termination Date.
Unless otherwise determined, DSUs, including any Dividend Equivalents, vest immediately upon being
granted. Matching DSUs, including any Dividend Equivalents, will vest in accordance with the vesting
schedule set forth in the Participant’s grant notice which shall be, unless otherwise determined by the
Board, at a rate of 1/3 per year on the anniversary date of the grant, over a period of three years.
No Participant will have any right to receive any payment under the DSUP until he or she ceases to be
an Eligible Director (and is not at that time an employee of the Corporation) or an Eligible Employee
(and is not at that time a Director) for any reason (other than for cause), including by death, disability,
retirement or resignation (a “Termination Date”).
Once a Termination Date occurs for a given Participant, such Participant (or its legal representative in
the case of death) will be entitled to file up to two redemption notices requesting settlement of all or
part of the vested DSUs credited to its account by way of a cash payment calculated using the market
value on the date of such filing. The “market value” means the volume weighted average trading price
of a Share on the TSX for the five (5) trading days immediately preceding the date of calculation.
Should no redemption notice be filed, then the Participant will be deemed to have filed a redemption
notice for all its DSUs on December 1 of the first calendar year commencing after the date of the
Participant’s Termination Date (other than as a result of the Participant’s death while serving as an
Eligible Director or an Eligible Employee, in which case the determination of the market will be the
date of the Participant’s death).
The DSUP also provides that in the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the DSUP), the Board
may make such provision for the protection of the rights of the Participants as the Board, in its
discretion considers appropriate in the circumstances, including without limitation, providing for
substitute or replacement deferred share units of the continuing entity (unless substitution or
replacement of the outstanding DSUs is deemed impossible or impractical by the Board, in its sole
discretion). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Participant will be entitled to receive payment for, or
in respect of, any DSUs on or before his or her Termination Date.
Finally, in the event of termination of employment for cause (or resignation contemporary to the
discovery by the Corporation of any basis or grounds for termination for cause), all DSUs granted,
vested or credited in favor of a Participant will be forfeited and cancelled effective immediately upon
such termination and such Participant will not be entitled to any payment, benefit or other right under
the DSUP.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                          101
