Dear shareholders

On behalf of the Board of Directors and management of the Corporation, we are pleased to invite you to Alimentation Couche-
Tard Inc.’s annual meeting of shareholders which will be held on Thursday, September 7, 2023, at 10:30 a.m. (EDT).

This year again, our meeting will be held by live webcast to enable equal opportunity for all our shareholders to participate, vote
and submit questions regardless of their geographic location. Based on past practice, most of our shareholders vote in advance of
the Meeting by proxy using the various available voting channels and these voting channels will continue to be available. We
encourage shareholders to continue to vote in advance by proxy.

Fiscal 2023
This 2023 fiscal year marked the achievement of our five-year "Double Again" strategic plan. While three of the past five years of our
"Double Again" strategic plan have been during the most turbulent of times, with a global pandemic and extraordinary geopolitical
and economic conditions, we kept our strategic focus and did not waver from our key growth pillars. We remained focused on
delivering strong, consistent value to our customers and maintaining cost discipline across our operations. At the end of our five-
year strategy, we embarked on long-awaited growth with acquisitions that bring us to new customers in the U.S., Canada and
Europe and added categories that serve our mobility customers in new ways. Once again, we are so proud of all our team members
for their commitment to the business, our customers, and our communities during yet another year of profound economic and
global challenges.

In the year ahead, as we will start the next chapter of our strategic journey while global inflationary conditions are persisting, we
have committed to a strategy anchored in our ambition to deliver value across our financial equation over the next five years. Our
award-winning, engaged culture will continue to be guided by the values we live by: One Team, doing the right thing, taking
ownership and playing to win as we will remain disciplined in our approach and committed to our vision of becoming the global
preferred destination for convenience and mobility.

Board Succession
This year marks the departure of Mr. Jacques D'Amours, a co-founder of the Corporation, from our Board of Directors. We could not
be more grateful for his immense contribution to the growth, culture and overall success of the Corporation over the span of his 34-
year career and tenure as corporate director since 2014. As part of our Board Succession program and to ensure the transition of
our founder's culture, we are pleased to welcome Mr. D'Amours' daughter, Ms. Marie-Ève D'Amours, as nominee to the Board of
Directors this year.

Global company
We are immensely proud of the 128,000 people working in our global network comprised of more than 14,400 stores around the
world. Their dedication, hard work and entrepreneurial spirit contributed to the Corporation's strong financial performance and set
the stage for further success. We also wish to express our gratitude to our shareholders for their unwavering support and
continued interest.

Your vote is important
Detailed instructions about how to participate at our Meeting and a description of the items of business to be considered at the
Meeting can be found in the notice of annual meeting of shareholders and the accompanying management information circular. We
invite you please to take some time to read these documents before you vote your shares as they discuss many important topics.
We look forward to engaging with you at our Meeting.
Sincerely,

(s) Alain Bouchard                                     (s) Brian Hannasch
Alain Bouchard                                         Brian Hannasch
Founder and Executive Chairman                         President and Chief Executive Officer

                                                                                                                                  ii

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
   Notice of our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders and
                   availability of materials
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. (the “Corporation”) will hold its annual meeting of
shareholders (the “Meeting”).

Date, time and place

When                                                               Where
Thursday, September 7, 2023, at 10:30 a.m. (EDT)                   Virtual meeting via live webcast at
                                                                   https://web.lumiagm.com/439117300
This year we will once again hold the Meeting in a virtual-only format, which will be conducted by live webcast to give our
shareholders an equal opportunity to participate, vote and submit questions, regardless of their geographical location.

You can find out more about our policies and practices relating to virtual meetings, as well as detailed instructions on how to cast
your vote in the enclosed management information circular (the “Circular”).

Business to be transacted at the Meeting

    1.   To receive our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, together with the
         auditor’s report.
    2.   To appoint our independent auditor until the next annual meeting of shareholders and authorize the board to set its
         remuneration.
    3.   To elect each of the directors nominated to serve on our board until the next annual meeting.
    4.   To approve in a non-binding advisory capacity our approach to executive compensation policies.
    5.   To review two shareholder proposals received this year by the Corporation, but not submitted to a shareholder vote.

Notice and Access
As permitted under Canadian securities regulations, you are receiving this notification as the Corporation has decided to use the
“notice-and-access” mechanism for delivery to both registered and non-registered shareholders of this notice of annual meeting of
shareholders, the Circular prepared in connection with the Meeting, and other proxy-related materials (the “Meeting Materials”).
You can download the Meeting Materials at https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/investors/shareholders-ressources/annual-general-
meeting-documents/.

How to request a paper copy of the Meeting Materials
If you would prefer to receive a paper copy of the Circular, please call us at the number in the box to the left, or send us an email,
and we will mail it to you at no cost. Note that we will not mail the proxy form or voting instruction form, so please keep the
one you received with the notice of meeting.




Call                                                               Send an email
1 (888) 433-6443 (toll-free in North America)                      tsxt-fulfilment@tmx.com
1 (416) 682-3801 (outside North America)

We need to receive your request by August 28, 2023 if you want to receive the Circular before the Meeting. After the Meeting,
please call 1 (800) 387-0825 or 1 (416) 682-3860 to ask for a printed copy.




                                                                                                                                 iii

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Attendance and voting at the Meeting
The record date (the “Record Date”) for determination of shareholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Meeting was
July 10, 2023. Only shareholders whose names have been entered in the register of our shares on the close of business on the
Record Date will be entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Meeting. Shareholders who acquire shares after the Record Date
will not be entitled to vote such shares at the Meeting.
Registered shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders will be able to attend, participate, vote and ask questions in writing or by
telephone live at the Meeting.
Non-registered shareholders who have not duly appointed themselves as their proxy will be able to attend the Meeting only as
guests. Guests will be able to listen to the Meeting but will not be able to vote or ask questions.

Registered shareholders                                             Non-registered shareholders
You are a registered shareholder if your shares are held in your You are a non-registered shareholder if your shares are listed in
name.                                                            an account statement provided to you by an intermediary.

Shareholders who wish to appoint a proxyholder other than the persons designated by the Corporation on the form of proxy or
voting instruction form (including a non-registered shareholder who wishes to appoint themselves as proxyholder) must carefully
follow the instructions in the Circular and on their form of proxy or voting instruction form. These instructions include the additional
step of registering such proxyholder with our transfer agent, TSX Trust Company, after submitting their form of proxy or voting
instruction form. Failure to register the proxyholder will result in the proxyholder not receiving a control number that will act as
their online sign-in credentials and is required for them to vote at the Meeting and, consequently, will only be able to attend the
Meeting online as a guest.
We have enclosed a proxy form or voting information form with the notice of meeting. If you cannot attend the Meeting, please sign
and return the form following the instructions on page 5 of the Circular.

Questions
If you have any questions regarding the notice of meeting, the notice-and-access mechanism or the Meeting please call TSX Trust Company
at 1 (888) 433-6443.

By order of the Board of Directors,
(s) Valéry Zamuner

Valéry Zamuner
Senior Vice-President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Laval, Québec
July 10, 2023




                                                                                                                                   iv

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
TABLE OF CONTENTS


3        General Information
4        Our Shares, Quorum and Principal Shareholders


5        Voting Information
5        Notice-and-Access
5        Who can vote
6        Appointment of proxyholder
7        How to vote


10       Business of the Meeting
10       Presentation of our consolidated financial statements
10       Appointing of auditors
11       Election of directors
12       Voting on our approach to executive compensation
12       Shareholder proposals


13       Nominees for election to the Board of Directors
13       Director Nominee profiles
30       Attributes of our Directors
32       Other information about Director Nominees


33       Director Compensation
33       Our Director Compensation Program
34       Annual Retainers
34       Non-Executive Directors minimum equity ownership requirements
35       Deferred Share Unit Plan
35       Non-Executive Directors compensation table
36       Incentive plan awards – value vested or earned during fiscal 2023
36       Upcoming changes to non-executive director compensation in fiscal 2024
36       Corporate Governance practices
37       Composition of our Board
43       Role and duties of our Board and its Committees
46       About our Board Committees
48       Ethical business behaviour and Ethics Code of Conduct
50       Shareholder engagement and transparency
51       Human capital management


55       Compensation Discussion and Analysis
55       Letter from the Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
57       2023 Performance
58       Our 2023 Named Executive Officers
61       Executive 2023 Compensation at a Glance and Performance
63       Executive Compensation Program

                                                                                           1

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
68       Annual Compensation Review Process on Management of Risk
72       Executive Share Ownership Requirement
73       Description of Compensation paid to NEOs in 2023
79       Termination and Change of Control Benefits
81       Key Compensation Tables


85       Appendices
86       Appendix A – Glossary
87       Appendix B – Mandate of the Board of Directors
90       Appendix C – Summaries of our long-term incentive plans
96       Appendix D – Shareholder Proposals
98       Appendix E – Non-IFRS measures




                                                                       2

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
General Information
We are sending you this document because you owned shares of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. on July 10, 2023. We
encourage you to vote at our annual meeting of shareholders by soliciting your proxy. We solicit proxies by mail, but
brokers and others who hold shares as nominees may send proxy material to beneficial owners of our shares. We pay the
cost of proxy solicitation. Such costs are expected to be nominal.



                      Where to get more information
                      You can find financial information about us in our 2023 Annual Report, which includes our
                      audited, consolidated financial statements and management’s discussion and analysis
                      (MD&A). You can learn more about the audit committee in our 2023 Annual Information Form.
                      These documents and others are on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com) and on SEDAR
                      (sedar.com). If you would like paper copies of these documents, please call us or send us an
                      email, and we will mail them to you at no cost:


                                 Call: 1 (450) 662-6632 (outside North America)


                                 Send an email investor.relations@couche-tard.com



The information in this document is as of July 10, 2023, and all dollar amounts expressed herein are in Canadian dollars unless
noted otherwise.
Forward looking statements
This management information circular includes certain statements that are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the securities laws of
Canada. Any statement in this management information circular that is not a statement of historical fact may be deemed to be a forward-looking
statement. When used in this management information circular, the words “believe”, “could”, “should”, “intend”, “expect”, “estimate”, “assume” and
other similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements.
It is important to know that the forward-looking statements in this document describe the Corporation’s expectations as at July 10, 2023, which are
not guarantees of the future performance of Couche-Tard or its industry, and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause
Couche-Tard’s or the industry’s outlook, actual results or performance to be materially different from any future results or performance expressed or
implied by such statements.
Couche-Tard’s actual results could be materially different from its expectations if known or unknown risks affect its business, or if its estimates or
assumptions turn out to be inaccurate. A change affecting an assumption can also have an impact on other interrelated assumptions, which could
increase or diminish the effect of the change. As a result, the Corporation cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will materialize and,
accordingly, the reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements do not take into account the effect that transactions or special items announced or occurring after the statements are
made may have on Couche-Tard’s business. For example, they do not include sales of assets, monetization, mergers, acquisitions, other business
combinations or transactions, asset write-down, the impact of the changing circumstances surrounding both the repercussions of the COVID-19
pandemic and the ongoing military conflict between Ukraine and Russia, or other charges announced or occurring after forward-looking statements
are made.
Unless otherwise required by applicable securities laws, Couche-Tard disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise the forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The foregoing risks and uncertainties include the risks set forth under
“Business Risks” in our 2023 Annual Report as well as other risks detailed from time to time in reports filed by Couche-Tard with securities regulators
in Canada.




                                                                                                                                                  3

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Our Shares, Quorum and Principal Shareholders
Our Voting Shares and Principal Holders Thereof
Under the current articles of incorporation of the Corporation, the Corporation has one class of shares: an unlimited number of
Common Shares, which carry one vote per share.
On August 31, 2022, the Corporation announced that a special resolution was adopted authorizing the Corporation to amend its
articles of incorporation effective September 1, 2022, in accordance with the approval by a requisite majority of the votes cast by the
shareholders attending or represented by proxy at the Annual General and Special Meeting of Shareholders. The special resolution
authorized the Corporation to (i) create a new class of shares, namely an unlimited number of common shares (the “Common
Shares”), which carry one (1) vote per share; (ii) convert each of the issued and outstanding Class A Multiple Voting Shares (the
"Class A Shares"), which carried ten (10) votes per share, into one Common Share; and (iii) after giving effect to the aforesaid
conversion, repeal the Class A Shares and the Class B Subordinate Voting Shares of the Corporation as well as the rights, privileges,
restrictions and conditions attaching thereto. (the "Conversion Event").
As a result of the Conversion Event, the Common Shares are the Corporation's only class of shares issued and outstanding and as of
July 10, 2023 there were 976,908,984 Common Shares issued and outstanding. Unless indicated otherwise, the term "Shares" used
hereafter refers to the Corporation's Common Shares.
To the best of the knowledge of the directors and named executive officers of the Corporation, Mr. Alain Bouchard is the only
person who, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns or exercises control over 10% or more of the votes attached to the Shares. As of
July 10, 2023, Mr. Bouchard held 123,219,953 of the Shares representing 12.61% of the current issued and outstanding shares of the
Corporation.

Our Quorum
Pursuant to the by-laws of the Corporation, a quorum of shareholders is present at the Meeting if the holders of not less than 25%
of all issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the Meeting are present in person or represented by proxy.

Normal Course Issuer Bid ("NCIB")
On April 26, 2023, the Corporation announced that the TSX had approved the renewal of its NCIB to purchase for cancellation, on
the open market through the facilities of the TSX as well as through other alternative trading systems, a maximum of 49,066,629
Shares, representing 5% of the 981,332,584 Shares outstanding as at April 20, 2023. Repurchases under the NCIB were authorized
to commence on May 1, 2023, and end at the latest on April 30, 2024. As at July 10, 2023, the Corporation had purchased for
cancellation 4,673,600 Shares under its current NCIB for approximately $308.3 million at a weighted average price of $65.96 per
share.
The Corporation's previous NCIB expired on April 25, 2023, and authorized the Corporation to repurchase for cancellation up to
79,703,614 Shares. During the 12-month period ended April 25, 2023, the Corporation repurchased for cancellation a total of
52,024,694 Shares under its previous NCIB through the facilities of the TSX and alternative Canadian trading systems for an
approximate total cost of US $2.3 billion and at a weighted average price paid per share of approximately US $44.90 or CA $60.09.
The Corporation believes that the repurchasing of Shares from time to time is an appropriate use of its funds and a desirable
investment for the Corporation and, therefore, would be in its best interests. By making such repurchases, the number of Shares in
circulation will be reduced and the proportionate interest of all remaining shareholders in the share capital of the Corporation will
be increased on a pro rata basis. A copy of the Notice of Intention for the NCIB may be obtained without charge by contacting the
issuer.




                                                                                                                                  4

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Voting Information
Please join us at our virtual-only annual meeting of shareholders (the "Meeting"). This section of our management information
circular (the "Circular") tells you about the Meeting, how you can vote, and the items you will be voting on.

When                                                                Where
Thursday, September 7, 2023, at 10:30 a.m. (EDT)                    Virtual meeting via live webcast at
                                                                    https://web.lumiagm.com/439117300

Notice-and-Access
This year once again, as permitted by Canadian securities regulators, we are using notice-and-access (as defined in National
Instrument 54-101 - Communication with Beneficial Owners of Securities of a Reporting Issuer ("NI-54-101")) to deliver the Meeting
materials, including this Circular, to both our registered and non-registered shareholders.

This means that the Circular is being posted online for shareholders to access, rather than being mailed out. Notice-and-access
gives shareholders more choice, substantially reduces the Corporation’s printing and mailing costs, and is more environmentally
friendly as it reduces materials and energy consumption. Shareholders will still receive a form of proxy or a voting instruction form
in the mail (unless shareholders have chosen to receive proxy materials electronically) so they can vote their shares but, instead of
automatically receiving a paper copy of this Circular, shareholders will receive a notice with information about how they can access
the Circular electronically and how to request a paper copy. This Circular is available on the Corporation’s website at https://
corpo.couche-tard.com/en/investors/shareholders-ressources/annual-general-meeting-documents/              or     on     SEDAR       at
www.sedar.com. Shareholders may request a paper copy of this Circular at no cost, up to one year from the date this Circular was
filed on SEDAR. To ensure you receive paper copies of the materials in advance of the voting deadline and meeting date, all requests
must be received no later than August 28, 2023. If you do request paper copies of the current materials, please note that another
Proxy/Voting Instruction Form will not be sent; please retain your current one for voting purposes. Request materials by calling toll-
free within North America at 1 (888) 433-6443, from outside of North America at (416) 682-3801 or by email at tsxt-
fulfilment@tmx.com.

Who can vote
This year, the Corporation is providing facilities to allow its shareholders to participate in a virtual meeting format whereby
registered shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders may attend and participate in the Meeting via live webcast. Attending the
Meeting online enables registered shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders, including non-registered shareholders who have
duly appointed themselves as proxyholder, to participate at the Meeting and ask questions in writing and by telephone, all in real
time.
You can vote at the Meeting if you held Shares at the close of business on July 10, 2023.

Registered shareholders                                             Non-registered shareholders
You are a registered shareholder if your shares are registered You are a non-registered shareholder when your Shares are
directly in your name with our Transfer Agent. You hold your held in the name of an intermediary, usually a bank, trust
Shares through the direct registration system (DRS) on the company, security dealer or broker or other financial institution.
records of our Transfer Agent in electronic form. Your proxy When you receive a voting instruction form, this tells you that
form tells you whether you are a registered shareholder or not. you are a non-registered shareholder.

Registered shareholders
If you are a registered shareholder, you will receive a form of proxy containing the relevant details concerning the business of the
Meeting, including a control number that must be used to vote by proxy in advance of the Meeting, or join the live webcast the day
of the Meeting to participate and vote at the Meeting.

In order to attend the online Meeting, please follow the instructions set below under the heading "How to vote".

Non-registered shareholders
Your intermediary is required to seek your voting instructions in advance of the Meeting. You will have received from your
intermediary a package of information with respect to the Meeting, including either a proxy form or a voting instruction form. Each



                                                                                                                                 5

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
intermediary has its own signature and return instructions. It is important that you comply with these instructions if you want the
voting rights attached to your shares to be exercised.
If you vote by Internet or telephone, you must do so no later than 10:30 a.m. (Montréal time) on September 5, 2023. In rare cases,
non-registered shareholders may have received a form of proxy instead of a voting instruction form. Such a form of proxy will likely
be stamped by the applicable intermediary. In such case, you may have to follow instructions in this Circular applicable to registered
shareholders.
Non-registered shareholders who have not duly appointed themselves as proxyholder will not be entitled to vote at the
Meeting during the live webcast. If you are a non-registered shareholder and have not appointed yourself as a proxyholder, you
will be able to attend the Meeting as a guest but will not be able to vote your shares at the Meeting. To appoint yourself as
proxyholder, you may follow the instructions set out below under the heading “How to vote”.


Appointment of proxyholder
Voting by proxy means having someone else (your proxyholder) vote for you at the meeting.
                                                                                                       BE SURE TO VOTE
Unless you appoint someone else, Alain Bouchard or Brian Hannasch will be your proxyholder.
                                                                                                       BEFORE THE DEADLINE
This includes non-registered shareholders who wish to appoint themselves as proxyholder to
                                                                                                       Your     proxy   must     be
attend, participate or vote at the Meeting online.
                                                                                                       received by 10:30 a.m.
If you want to appoint someone else to be your proxyholder, write that person’s name in                (EDT) on September 5,
the space provided on the proxy form or the voting information form (as applicable),                   2023, or two business days
and make sure they follow all the instructions set out below under the heading “How to                 before the meeting if it is
vote”. The person you appoint does not need to be an Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.                     adjourned or postponed in
shareholder.                                                                                           accordance with applicable
                                                                                                       Canadian           securities
Shareholders who wish to appoint someone other than the Corporation’s proxyholders as their            regulations. The chairman
proxyholder to attend and participate at the Meeting as their proxy and vote their Shares              of the meeting can waive or
MUST submit their form of proxy or voting instruction form, as applicable, appointing that             extend the proxy voting
person as proxyholder AND register that proxyholder, as described below. Registering your              deadline at his or her
proxyholder is an additional step to be completed AFTER you have submitted your form of                discretion, without notice.
proxy or voting instruction form. Failure to register your proxyholder will result in the
proxyholder not receiving a control number that is required to vote at the Meeting.

         Step 1 - Submit your form of proxy or voting instruction form: To appoint yourself or a
         third-party proxyholder, insert your or such person’s name in the blank space
         provided in the form of proxy or voting instruction form and follow the instructions for
         submitting such proxy or voting instruction form. This must be completed prior to
         registering such proxyholder, which is an additional step to be completed once you
         have submitted your form of proxy or voting instruction form.

         Step 2 - Register your proxyholder: To register yourself or a third-party proxyholder,
         shareholders must call 1 (866) 751-6315 (toll free in Canada and the United States) or
         1 (647) 252-9650 not later than 10:30 a.m. (Eastern time) on September 5, 2023, or, if
         the Meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays,
         Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the adjourned or postponed
         meeting, and provide TSX Trust Company with the required proxyholder contact
         information so that TSX Trust Company may provide the proxyholder with a control
         number via email. Without a control number, proxyholders will not be able to vote or
         ask questions at the Meeting but will be able to participate as a guest.

How your Shares will be voted
Your proxyholders will follow your voting instructions. Unless you appoint someone else, Alain Bouchard or Brian Hannasch
will be your proxyholder (the “Named Proxyholder”) and will vote as follows:
  ▪ for the appointment of our auditor;
  ▪ for the election of each nominated director;
  ▪ for our approach to executive compensation;

                                                                                                                                 6

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
If any of the nominees is unable to serve as a director for any reason, your proxyholder can vote your Shares for another nominee
at their discretion, unless you have specified on your proxy form that you have withheld from voting in the election of directors.
If other matters properly come before the Meeting, your proxyholders can vote as they see fit.

Revoking your proxy
If you change your mind about how you want to vote your Shares, you can revoke your proxy by sending a new proxy form (signed
by you or your authorized attorney) by 10:30 a.m. (EDT) on September 5, 2023 to TSX Trust Company P.O. Box 721 Agincourt, ON
M1S 0A1. If your proxy and voting instructions were conveyed over the internet or by email, conveying new voting instructions
within the applicable cut-off times will automatically revoke your prior voting instructions.


How to vote

Option 1: vote by proxy in advance of Meeting
Registered shareholders
            1. Online
            Go to www.meeting-vote.com and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your proxy form.


            2. By telephone
            Call 1 (888) 489-7352 toll-free from anywhere in Canada and the United States and follow the instructions. You will need the
            control number listed on your proxy form.

            3. By mail, fax or email
            Complete, sign and date your proxy form following the instructions on the form. You can send it to us in one of the
            following three ways:

           Mail it to our transfer agent, TSX Trust Company, using the prepaid envelope provided.


            Fax it to 1 (416) 595-9593.


            Scan and email it to proxyvote@tmx.com.



Non Registered shareholders
            1. Online
            Go to www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your voting instruction
            form.

            2. By telephone
            Call 1 (800) 474-7493 (English) or 1 (800) 474-7501 (French) toll-free from anywhere in Canada and 1 (800) 454-8683 from the
            United States and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your voting instruction form.
            3. By mail
            Complete, sign and date your voting instruction form following the instructions on the form and return it in the business
            reply envelope provided.




                                                                                                                                      7

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Non Registered shareholders - Employees holding shares under the ESPP
Employee shares purchased by employees of the Corporation or its subsidiaries under the ESPP (the “Employee Shares”) are
registered in the name of TSX Trust as nominee. TSX Trust holds the Employee Shares as a trustee, in accordance with the
provisions of the ESPP unless the employees have withdrawn their shares from the plan.
If you hold Employee Shares, you can direct your proxyholder to vote your Employee Shares as you instruct. Instructions are given
to your proxyholder by proxy in the manner described below.
            1. Online
            Go to www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your voting instruction
            form.

            2. By telephone
            Call 1 (800) 474-7493 (English) or 1 (800) 474-7501 (French) toll-free from anywhere in Canada and 1 (800) 454-8683 from the
            United States and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your voting instruction form.
            3. By mail
            Complete, sign and date your voting instruction form following the instructions on the form and return it in the business
            reply envelope provided.

TSX Trust Company, the Corporation’s transfer agent, must have received your proxy form or you must have voted by internet or
telephone no later than 10:30 a.m. (Montreal time) on September 5, 2023. See “Appointment of proxy” for the complete procedure
to follow to appoint another person to act as your proxyholder.

Option 2: vote virtually at the Meeting
Registered shareholders
If you are a registered shareholder, you will be able to attend, participate, submit questions and vote live at the Meeting by logging
in online and following the below instructions:
     1.   Log in online at https://web.lumiagm.com/439117300 at least 30 minutes before the Meeting starts
     2.   Click “I have a control number”
     3.   Enter the control number located on the form of proxy or in the email notification you received
     4.   Enter the password “couchetard2023” (case sensitive)
     5.   Follow the instructions to access the Meeting, and vote when prompted


Non Registered shareholders, including Employees holding shares under the ESPP
If you are a non-registered shareholder, you can vote your shares at the Meeting if you have instructed your nominee to appoint
you as a proxyholder by submitting your voting instruction form identifying yourself as a proxyholder. Appoint yourself as
proxyholder by following the complete procedure set out under “Appointment of a Proxyholder”. Once you have appointed
yourself and have received the 13-digit proxyholder control number, you will be able to attend, participate, submit questions and
vote live at the Meeting by logging in online and following the below instructions:
     1.   Log in at https://web.lumiagm.com/439117300 at least 30 minutes before the Meeting starts
     2.   Click on “I have a control number”
     3.   Enter your control number
     4.   Enter the password: “couchetard2023” (case sensitive)
     5.   Follow the instructions to access the Meeting, and vote when prompted.

If you are a non-registered shareholder and you have not instructed your nominee to appoint you as proxyholder, you will not be
able to vote at the Meeting but will be able to attend as a guest.

You have to be connected to the internet at all times in order to be able to vote when solicited – it is your responsibility to make
sure you stay connected for the entire Meeting. You should connect thirty minutes in advance in order to allow ample time to check
into the Meeting online and complete the related procedure.




                                                                                                                                      8

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Guests
If you wish to attend the Meeting as a guest, you can attend the Meeting by logging online at https://web.lumiagm.com/439117300
at least 15 minutes before the Meeting starts. You should allow ample time to check into the virtual Meeting and to complete the
related procedures. You must complete the “Guest Login” section and click “Enter Here”. Guests will be able to attend the Meeting
but will not be able to submit questions, vote their shares (if any) or otherwise participate in the Meeting.

Asking questions at the Meeting
It is recommended to shareholders and proxyholders to submit their questions as soon as possible during the Meeting so they can
be addressed at the right time. There are two (2) ways to ask questions during the Meeting. Questions may be submitted in writing
by using the relevant dialog box in the function “Ask a question” during the Meeting. Questions may also be asked over the
telephone. To do so, the shareholder or proxyholder will need to submit its telephone number by using the relevant dialog box in
the function “Ask a question” during the Meeting in order to be reached by telephone at the appropriate time. Your telephone
number will not be shared with the other Meeting attendees. Only shareholders and duly appointed and registered proxyholders
may ask questions during the question period.

The Executive Chairman and other members of management present at the Meeting will answer questions relating to matters to be
voted on before a vote is held on each matter, if applicable. General questions will be addressed by them at the end of the Meeting
during the question period. So that as many questions as possible are answered, shareholders and proxyholders are asked to be
brief and concise and to address only one topic per question. Questions from multiple shareholders on the same topic or that are
otherwise related will be grouped, summarized and answered together.

All shareholder questions are welcome. However, the Corporation does not intend to address questions that:
  ▪ are irrelevant to the Corporation’s operations or to the business of the Meeting;
  ▪ are related to non-public information about the Corporation;
  ▪ are related to personal grievances;
  ▪ constitute derogatory references to individuals or that are otherwise offensive to third parties;
  ▪ are repetitious or have already been asked by other shareholders;
  ▪ are in furtherance of a shareholder’s personal or business interest;
    or
  ▪ are out of order or not otherwise appropriate as determined by the Executive Chairman or Secretary of the Meeting in their
    reasonable judgment.




                                                                                                                               9

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Business of the Meeting
The Meeting will cover the following five items of business:
    (1) Presentation of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended April 30, 2023, together with the auditor’s report;
    (2) Appointment of the independent auditors of the Corporation for the forthcoming year;
    (3) Election of each of the nominated directors who will serve until the end of the next annual meeting of the Shareholders or
        until their successors are appointed;
    (4) Consideration and approval, in a non-binding, advisory capacity, of the approach to executive compensation policies; and
    (5) Review of two shareholder proposals received this year by the Corporation, but not submitted to a shareholder vote.

As at the date of this Circular, management is not aware of any other matters to be brought forward at the Meeting. However, the
proxy form confers discretionary authority upon the persons named therein to vote on any other matters to be brought forward at
the Meeting.

1 Presentation of our consolidated financial statements

We will present our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended April 30, 2023, together with the auditor’s report.
We have mailed our consolidated financial statements to shareholders who have requested to receive a copy. You can also find a
copy in our 2023 Annual Report, which is on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com) and on SEDAR (sedar.com).

2 Appointing of auditors

The Board, on the advice of the Audit Committee, recommends appointing
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, a partnership of Chartered Professional Accountants ("PwC") as            MANAGEMENT
our auditor until the next annual meeting of shareholders at a remuneration to be fixed by the        RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
Board. If you have not specified how you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the
Named Proxyholder as your proxyholder, the Named Proxyholder will vote FOR the                        FOR
appointment of PwC as independent auditor of the Corporation and FOR authorizing the Board            THE AUDITOR
to determine its remuneration.
The Audit Committee has adopted procedures for the pre-approval of engagement for services
of its external auditor, which require pre-approval of all audit and non-audit services provided
by the external auditor. Moreover, the Board, upon recommendation of the Audit Committee,
approves, on an annual basis, the fees charged to the Corporation by PwC. The table below
shows the fees we paid to PwC for services in the 2023 and 2022 fiscal years respectively:

                                                   Fiscal 2023              Fiscal 2022
                                                   (year ended April 30)    (year ended April 24)
              Audit fees                                       $3,096,321             $2,977,661
              Audit-related fees                                $160,312               $195,204
              Tax fees                                           $46,393               $124,893
              All other fees                                    $869,433               $139,135
              Total                                          $4,172,459               $3,436,893


Audit fees are for auditing our annual consolidated financial statements and for services that are normally provided by the auditor
in connection with an engagement to audit the financial statements of an issuer:
   ▪ statutory or regulatory audit and certification engagements, mainly related to European subsidiaries (2023: 1,279,211,
     2022: $1,179,856)
   ▪ consultations related to specific audit or accounting matters that arise during or as a result of an audit or review
   ▪ preparing a management letter
   ▪ services in connection with the Corporation’s quarterly reports, prospectuses and other filings with applicable securities
     regulatory authorities (2023: $310,000, 2022: $300,000).




                                                                                                                              10

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Audit-related fees are for assurance and related services traditionally performed by an independent auditor:
  ▪ employee benefit plan audits;
  ▪ assurance engagements that are not required by statute or regulation; and
  ▪ general advice on accounting standards including IFRS.
Tax fees are for tax planning and other tax advice related to our international corporate structure.
All other fees are for professional services that do not fall into any of the categories above.
Non-audit services
We have a policy that prohibits the auditor from providing the following non-audit services to us: bookkeeping or other services
related to the accounting records or financial statements, financial information systems design and implementation, appraisal or
valuation services, actuarial services, internal audit services, investment banking services, management functions or human
resources functions, legal services and expert services unrelated to the audit. The auditor can provide other non-audit services as
long as they are pre-approved by the Audit Committee.

3 Election of directors

It is proposed that sixteen (16) directors be elected until the next annual meeting of the
shareholders of the Corporation. Each director so elected at the Meeting will hold office until         MANAGEMENT
the end of the next annual meeting of Shareholders or until his or her successor is appointed,          RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
unless his or her office is vacated at an earlier date. Please see the section of this Circular
entitled “Nominees for election to the Board of Directors” on page 13 for additional                    FOR
information on each of the nominees.                                                                    EACH DIRECTOR NOMINEE
If you have not specified how you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the
Named Proxyholder as your proxyholder, the Named Proxyholder will vote FOR the election of
each of the Director Nominees. Shareholders should note that the form of proxy or voting
instruction form, as applicable, provides for voting for individual directors as opposed to voting
for directors as a slate.
This year the Board approved the sixteen (16) nominees listed below to serve as directors until the next annual meeting of
shareholders or until a successor is elected or appointed. With the exception of Ms. Marie-Eve D'Amours, all directors
served on our Board last year, for at least a portion of the year.

                        ▪   Alain Bouchard             ▪   Janice L. Fields            ▪   Réal Plourde
                        ▪   Mélanie Kau                ▪   Eric Fortin                 ▪   Daniel Rabinowicz
                        ▪   Jean Bernier               ▪   Richard Fortin              ▪   Louis Têtu
                        ▪   Karinne Bouchard           ▪   Brian Hannasch              ▪   Louis Vachon
                        ▪   Eric Boyko                 ▪   Marie-Josée Lamothe
                        ▪   Marie-Eve D’Amours         ▪   Monique F. Leroux


                    MAJORITY VOTING POLICY
                    Shareholders can vote for or withhold their votes for individual directors. According to our
                    majority voting policy, directors who receive more withhold votes than for votes in an
                    uncontested election will not have received the support of shareholders and will have to
                    resign. The HRCG Committee will consider whether or not to accept the resignation and
                    will make a recommendation to the Board. The affected director will not be part of these
                    discussions. The Board will announce its decision in a press release within 90 days of the
                    annual meeting of shareholders. If it decides not to accept the resignation, it will explain
                    why in the press release.




                                                                                                                             11

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
               HOW TO NOMINATE A DIRECTOR TO THE BOARD
               If you wish to nominate a director to the Board without using a shareholder proposal, you must notify the Corporate
               Secretary according to the timeline in the table below. Your written notice must be in the format described in our Advance
               notice by-law (By-Law No. 2014-1), which you can find on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com).
                                     If the first public announcement                  You must send notice of director nominees no
                                     of the Meeting is made:                           later than:
               Annual meetings       More than 50 days before the meeting              30 days before the meeting (but not earlier than
                                                                                        65 days before the meeting)
                                    50 days or less before the meeting                 10 days after the first public announcement of
                                                                                       the meeting
               Special meetings                                                        15 days after the first public announcement of
                                                                                       the meeting
               Public announcement means disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service in Canada, or in a public
               document filed on SEDAR.



4 Voting on our approach to executive compensation
                                                                                                                       MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                                       RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
In order to enhance transparency with regard to executive compensation, and as part of our
engagement process between shareholders and the Board, we are pleased to once again offer                              FOR
our shareholders the opportunity to express their views on our approach to executive                                   OUR APPROACH ON
compensation.                                                                                                          EXECUTIVE
We believe that our approach to executive compensation supports our strategy, is dependent                             COMPENSATION
on the Corporation’s performance and reflects our entrepreneurial culture. Our compensation
strategy has four elements:
  ▪   be competitive;
  ▪   pay for performance;
  ▪   align with shareholder interests; and
  ▪   link to strategy. You can read more about this on page 64.
As such, the Board recommends that shareholders indicate their support to the Corporation’s approach to executive compensation
disclosed in this Circular by voting FOR the following advisory resolution:

RESOLVED, on an advisory basis and not to diminish the role and responsibilities of the Board of Directors that the shareholders
accept the approach to executive compensation as disclosed in this Circular in advance of the Meeting.

Since this is an advisory vote, the results are not binding on the Board. The Board will, however, take the results into account, as
appropriate, along with comments it may have received from shareholders in the course of engaging with them when determining
its approach to compensation for subsequent financial years.

If you have not specified how you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the Named Proxyholder as your proxyholder,
the Named Proxyholder will vote FOR the above non-binding, advisory resolution on executive compensation.


5 Shareholder Proposals
The Corporation received two proposals from the Mouvement d'éducation et de défense des
                                                                                                                       THESE PROPOSALS WILL
actionnaires (“MÉDAC”). Following discussions with MÉDAC, the Corporation and MÉDAC
                                                                                                                       NOT BE SUBMITTED TO A
agreed that MÉDAC would not submit both of their proposals (“Shareholder Proposal No. 1"
                                                                                                                       VOTE OF THE
and “Shareholder Proposal No. 2”) to a vote of the shareholders, and that the Corporation
                                                                                                                       SHAREHOLDERS.
would include the text of these proposals and the Corporation's response thereto, in the
Circular, as set out in "Appendix D". As a result, these proposals will not be submitted to a vote
of the shareholders.




                                                                                                                                            12

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Nominees for election to the Board of Directors

This year the Board is proposing sixteen (16) directors for                                          ENTREPRENEURIAL
nomination to the Board (the “Director Nominees”). Each of them                                      BOARD
brings a range of skills and abilities, and as a group, they have
the right balance of business and senior leadership experience
and expertise to oversee our business and strategic direction.
                                                                                                     94%
                                                                                                     OF OUR DIRECTOR
                                                                                                     NOMINEES HAVE
                                                                                                     ENTREPRENEURIAL
                                                                                                     EXPERIENCE


Director Nominees profiles

The following section presents the profile of each our Director Nominees, including a description of his or her experience and
qualifications, principal occupation, participation on the Board (if applicable), number of Shares of the Corporation beneficially
owned, directly or indirectly, or over which control or direction is exercised, number of Deferred Share Units (“DSUs”) of the
Corporation held, as well as other public company board memberships. Shares are valued at $65.09, the closing price of our Shares
on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) on July 10, 2023.
A more detailed description of each Director Nominee’s competencies is described in the skills matrix in the “Corporate Governance
Practices” section of this Circular.

     98%                                                                               100%                        56%
                                 61                       11 years
 Average 2022                                                                      Average Board               Independent
                             Average Age               Average tenure
  votes FOR                                                                         Attendance                   Directors




                                                                                                                            13

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                                    Alain Bouchard, O.C., O.Q.
                                    Founder and Executive Chairman, Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.
                                          •    Age: 74
                                          •    Not independent
                                          •    Director since: 1988
                                          •    2022 Voting Results: 96.94% in favour
                                          •    Fiscal 2023 meeting attendance: 100%

 Alain Bouchard has served as the Executive Chairman of Alimentation Couche-Tard since 2014, when he stepped down after 25 years as
 President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Bouchard opened his first convenience store in Québec in 1980 and founded the companies that
 grew into Alimentation Couche-Tard. He has over 45 years of experience in the retail industry and worked with his closest collaborators
 and all staff members to build Alimentation Couche-Tard into the business it is today. He has also been a member of the Board of
 Directors of CGI Inc. from 2013 to 2023. Mr. Bouchard is a Member of the Order of Canada and an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec.
 He also has an honorary doctorate in Consumer Sciences from Université Laval in Québec City and an honorary doctorate in Laws from
 McGill University in Montréal. Mr. Bouchard has received many distinguished awards for business excellence and his outstanding
 professional achievements, including:
      ▪ Companion of the Order of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame
      ▪ Cercle des Grands entrepreneurs du Québec, a prestigious distinction awarded to exceptional entrepreneurs whose achievements,
        ideals and commitment have contributed to Québec’s entrepreneurial vitality and economic development (February 2018)
      ▪ International Horatio Alger Award, which recognizes people who have persevered through challenges to become successful
        entrepreneurs and community leaders, from the Horatio Alger Association (March 2017)
      ▪ Grand bâtisseur de l’économie du Québec from the Institute for governance (2014)
      ▪ T. Patrick Boyle Founder’s award from the Fraser Institute (2014)
      ▪ NACS Insight International Convenience Leader of the year (2014).
 Mr. Bouchard has been involved in an impressive number of fundraising campaigns and philanthropic activities. He and his wife
 established the Sandra and Alain Bouchard Foundation in 2012, which supports various causes associated with people living with
 intellectual disabilities as well as artistic and cultural projects. In 2015 Mr. Bouchard and his wife were named Exceptional philanthropist of
 the year by the Québec Chapter of the Association of Fundraising Professionals. He lives in Montréal, Québec, Canada and speaks French
 and English.
 Committee memberships              Mr. Bouchard does not serve on any committees because he is a co-founder of the Corporation and
                                    Executive Chairman of the Board.
 Other public company boards None
 and committees
 Interlocking Relationships         None
                 (1)
 Securities held                       ▪ Shares: 123,219,953
                                       ▪ Deferred Share Units: Nil
                                       ▪ Value of at risk holding: $8,020,386,741
                                    Mr. Bouchard meets his executive equity ownership requirement – see page 72 for details.
(1)
  As an executive, Mr. Bouchard also earns Share Units and stock Options – see page 61.




                                                                                                                                          14

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                                                                                    (1)
                                       Louis Vachon, Lead Director
                                       Operating Partner, J.C. Flowers & Co.
                                             •    Age: 60
                                             •    Independent
                                             •    Director since: 2021
                                             •    2022 Voting Results: 99.59% in favour
                                             •    Fiscal 2023 meeting attendance: 100%

 Louis Vachon is a corporate director and Operating Partner at J.C. Flowers & Co. Previously, Mr. Vachon was President and Chief Executive
 Officer of the National Bank of Canada from June 2007 to November 2021 and had previously worked at the Bank since 1996 where he
 held a series of management positions, including Chief Operating Officer.
 Mr. Vachon currently serves on the boards of Molson Coors Beverage Company, MDA Ltd., where he is also member of the Audit
 Committee, and BCE Inc., where he is also a member of the Compensation Committee and the Risk and Pension Fund Committee. He is
 also involved in a number of social and cultural organizations.
 Mr. Vachon has a bachelor’s degree in Economics from Bates College and a master’s degree in International Finance from Tufts’ Fletcher
 School. He is also a Chartered Financial Analyst, CFA.
 Mr. Vachon was awarded an honorary doctorate by the University of Ottawa, Bishop’s University, Ryerson University, and Concordia
 University. In 2014, he was named CEO of the Year by Canadian Business magazine, and Financial Personality of the Year by the business
 publication Finance et Investissement in 2012 and 2014. Mr. Vachon received the Global Citizens Award from the United Nations
 Association in Canada, is a Member of the Order of Canada and the Ordre de Montréal and has been an Officer of the Ordre national du
 Québec since 2019 and was appointed Colonel (h) of Les Fusiliers Mont-Royal. He lives in Montréal, Québec, Canada and speaks French
 and English.
 Committee memberships                 None
 Other public company boards Molson Coors Beverage Company (May 2012 - present) - Chair of Finance Committee
 and committees              MDA Ltd. (May 2022 - present) - member of the Audit Committee
                             BCE/Bell (October 2022 - present) - member of the Compensation Committee and the Risk and Pension
                             Fund Committee
 Interlocking Relationships            Mr. Vachon sits on the Board of directors of BCE Inc., alongside Ms. Leroux
 Securities held                          ▪ Shares: 10,000
                                          ▪ Deferred Share Units: 6,016
                                          ▪ Value of at risk holding: $1,042,481
                                       Mr. Vachon meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 34 for details.
(1)
      Mr. Vachon was appointed Lead Director effective June 28, 2022.




                                                                                                                                    15

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                               Jean Bernier
                               Corporate Director
                                    •    Age: 66
                                    •    Independent
                                    •    Director since: 2019
                                    •    2022 Voting Results: 99.40% in favour
                                    •    Fiscal 2023 meeting attendance: 100%
Jean Bernier is a corporate director and has over 30 years of experience in the fuel, convenience store and grocery store sectors of the
retail industry. He joined Alimentation Couche-Tard on July 30, 2012 as Group President, Fuel Americas and Operations North East, and
served as Group President, Global Fuels and North-East Operations from March 15, 2016. He retired from the Corporation effective
April 30, 2018.
Mr. Bernier previously spent 15 years at Valero Energy Corporation, an international manufacturer and marketer of transportation fuels
and petrochemical products. He was Executive Vice President of Valero Energy Corporation from 2011 to 2012, responsible for the overall
operations of Ultramar Ltd, the company’s Canadian subsidiary, all of the US and Canadian retail operations as well as the corporate
functions of communications, supply chain management and information services. From 1997 to 2011 he held a number of senior
management positions with Ultramar Ltd. and served as President from 1999 to 2011, responsible for its overall operations, and Vice-
President, Retail Operations from 1997 to 1999. Prior to joining Ultramar Ltd., Mr. Bernier was with Provigo Inc. for nine years and held a
number of senior roles including Vice-President, Human Resources, Vice-President, Maxi, Provigo Distribution, Inc. and Executive Vice-
President and Chief Operating Officer, C. Corp. Inc.
Mr. Bernier is currently a member of the boards of C&E Seafood Canada LP, since 2018 and TES Canada H2 Inc., since 2023, both private
companies. He was a member of the board of CrossAmerica Partners LP from 2017 to 2019, the Montréal Economic Institute from 2017 to
2022 and served on the board of the Canadian Fuels Association from 1999 to 2012, including the role of Chairman from 2007 to 2009.
Mr. Bernier has a Master’s degree in Industrial Relations from the University of Waterloo and a Bachelor’s degree from the Université de
Montréal. He lives in Westmount, Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          None
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     None
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 41,126
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 11,283
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $3,411,302
                               Mr. Bernier meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 34 for details.




                                                                                                                                      16

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                                Karinne Bouchard, CPA
                                Corporate Director
                                     •    Age: 44
                                     •    Not Independent
                                     •    Director since: 2021
                                     •    2022 Voting Results: 95.22% in favour
                                     •    Fiscal 2023 meeting attendance: 100%


Karinne Bouchard is a corporate director. She is a member of the board of directors of Stingray Group, Inc. since February 2021 where she
also is the Chair of the Audit Committee. She is also a member of the Board of the Sandra and Alain Bouchard Foundation, a foundation
dedicated to financially supporting organizations that work in the arts and culture sector, as well as organizations that provide support to
people living with intellectual disability in order to enable people to reach their full potential. Previously, Ms. Bouchard was the global head
of treasury and treasurer of Alimentation Couche-Tard from 2013 to 2021.
Ms. Bouchard also sits on the board of directors of FitSpirit, a Québec-based not-for-profit whose mission is to get teenage girls to be
physically active throughout their lives by providing the necessary tools and resources to schools with girls 12 to 17 years old. Ms.
Bouchard also sits on the board of directors of the CQCD. The CQCD is an association representing the vast majority of retail and
distribution companies in Québec. Its mission is to represent, promote and enhance this sector as well as to develop resources to foster
advancement for its members.
Ms. Bouchard is a graduate with distinction of McGill University, and has a Bachelor's degree in Finance. She also holds a master's degree
in finance from the University of Sherbrooke, a Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) certification, and an administrator accreditation of
the Institute of Corporate Directors (ICD.D). Ms. Bouchard lives in Montréal, Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships           None
Other public company boards Stingray Group Inc. (February 2021 – present) – Chair of the Audit Committee
and committees
Interlocking Relationships      Ms. Bouchard sits on the Board of directors of Stingray Group Inc., alongside Mr. Boyko
Securities held                    ▪ Shares: 24,022
                                   ▪ Deferred Shares Units: 2,749
                                   ▪ Value of at risk holding: $1,742,524
                                Ms. Bouchard meets her equity ownership requirement – see page 34 for details.




                                                                                                                                          17

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                               Eric Boyko, CPA
                               President, Chief Executive Officer and co-founder,
                               Stingray Group Inc.
                                    •    Age: 53
                                    •    Independent
                                    •    Director since: 2017
                                    •    2022 Voting Results: 98.95% in favour
                                    •    Fiscal 2023 meeting attendance: 100%
Eric Boyko is a global entrepreneur who has nearly two decades of experience with start-ups and extensive expertise in early stage
business innovations. He co-founded Stingray Group Inc. and has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since 2010. Mr. Boyko
founded and was President of eFundraising.com, an e-commerce success story that became a leading player in the North American
fundraising industry. Mr. Boyko was named one of Canada’s Top 40 Under 40 in 2006.
Mr. Boyko’s passion for extreme sports and world travel fuels his drive for business excellence. He serves on the board of directors of
Stingray Group Inc. and is an active participant in many philanthropic endeavours and is a member of the Montréal Canadiens Children’s
Foundation’s board of directors.
Mr. Boyko is a graduate with great distinction of McGill University, and has a Bachelor of Commerce with a specialization in accounting and
entrepreneurship. Mr. Boyko became a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) in 1997.
Mr. Boyko lives in Montréal, Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          Audit Committee (chair)
Other public company boards Stingray Group Inc. (2007 – present)
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     Mr. Boyko sits on the Board of directors of Stingray Group Inc., alongside Ms. Bouchard
Securities held                   ▪ Shares: 35,300
                                  ▪ Deferred Share Units: 23,119
                                  ▪ Value of at risk holding: $3,802,493
                               Mr. Boyko meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 34 for details.




                                                                                                                                     18

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                              Marie-Eve D'Amours
                              Treasurer, Fondation D'Amours
                                   •    Age: 42
                                   •    New candidate submitted for election at the 2023 Annual Shareholder's
                                        Meeting
                                   •    Not Independent


Ms. D’Amours is Treasurer of the Fondation D’Amours since 2018, a charitable trust helping several non-profit organizations with
intellectual disabilities and children in vulnerable situations, where she oversees the financial management and strategy for deploying
donations.
Ms. D’Amours has been developing her expertise in procurement, planning and management in various companies (multinationals, large
and SMEs) as well as in entrepreneurship. For more than 10 years, Ms. D’Amours attended the Board of Directors of Alimentation Couche-
Tard, as an observer.
Ms. D’Amours has a bachelor's degree in management from the Hautes Études Commerciales de Montréal. She is currently completing her
accreditation at the Institute of Corporate Directors (ICD.D) and her Certification in Society Governance at the University of Laval.
Ms. D’Amours lives in Laval, Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships         None
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships    None
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 368,320
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: Nil
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $23,973,949
                              Ms. D’Amours meets her equity ownership requirements – see page 34 for details.




                                                                                                                                 19

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                               Janice L. Fields
                               Corporate Director
                                   •    Age: 67
                                   •    Independent
                                   •    Director since: 2020
                                   •    2022 Voting Results: 98.90% in favour
                                   •    Fiscal 2023 meeting attendance: 100%


Janice L. Fields has served as President of McDonald’s USA, LLC, a subsidiary of McDonald’s Corporation, a fast food chain operator and
franchiser, from 2010 until her retirement in 2012.
Ms. Fields has broad operational, financial and leadership experience from her long-standing career in the food industry, with particular
expertise related to marketing, strategic planning, risk management, production, and human resources. During her over 35-year career at
McDonald's, she held numerous roles, from starting as a crew member to holding several executive positions within McDonald’s USA,
including as U.S. Division President for the Central Division from 2003 through 2006 and Executive Vice President and Chief Operating
Officer from 2006 through 2010, when she was named President.
Additionally, Ms. Fields serves on the board of directors of Chico’s FAS since 2013, as well as the Chair of its Corporate Governance and
Nominating Committee, since 2014. Previously, she has served on the boards of Welbilt Inc., where she was also a member of the
Nominating and Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee, Monsanto Corporation, and Buffalo Wild Wings. She is also a
member of the global board of directors of the Ronald McDonald House Charities Global Brand since 2012.
Ms. Fields has been named to Forbes’ list of the World’s 100 Most Powerful Women and to Fortune’s 50 Most Powerful Women in Business
list. Ms. Fields lives in Naples, Florida, United States and speaks English.
Committee memberships          Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
Other public company boards Chico’s FAS, Inc. (2013 – present) – Chair of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     None
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: Nil
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 9,561
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $622,325
                               Ms. Fields has until 2027 to meet her equity ownership requirement – see page 34 for details




                                                                                                                                    20

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                                Eric Fortin
                                President of Kastellō Immobilier Inc.
                                     •   Age: 51
                                     •   Not Independent
                                     •   Director since: 2021
                                     •   2022 Voting Results: 94.76%
                                     •   Fiscal 2023 meeting attendance: 100%

Eric Fortin is President of Kastellō Immobilier Inc. an investment firm focusing mainly on residential real estate in Québec, since 2018.
Mr. Fortin has more than 25 years of experience in business management, including 13 years with Alimentation Couche-Tard, where he
held multiple positions including store manager from 1995-1997 and Market Manager from 1997-2000, Director of Operations from 2000
to 2007, and finally Director of Merchandising from 2007 to 2008. Additionally, Mr. Fortin has owned and managed several businesses
throughout his career.
Mr. Fortin is a member of the Board of Directors and is treasurer at Maison La Source Bleue, a non-profit organization providing free end-
of-life care to adults with cancer or terminal illness, since 2015. Additionally, he is a member of the Board of Directors of la Fondation de
l’Hôpital Charles-Lemoyne since 2018 and serves as co-president of the virtual auction of La Cave à vin des philanthropes which raises
funds for youth mental health.
Mr. Fortin is a graduate of McGill University, and has a Bachelor of Commerce degree in Marketing. He lives in Longueuil, Québec, Canada
and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships           None
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships      None
Securities held                   ▪ Shares: 293,597
                                  ▪ Deferred Share Units: 3,015
                                  ▪ Value of at risk holding: $19,306,475
                                Mr. Eric Fortin meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 34 for details




                                                                                                                                       21

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                               Richard Fortin
                               Co-founder, Corporate Director
                                   •    Age: 74
                                   •    Not Independent
                                   •    Director since: 1988
                                   •    2022 Voting Results: 97.81% in favour
                                   •    Fiscal 2023 meeting attendance: 100%

Richard Fortin is a co-founder and served as Chairman of the Board from 2008 to 2011. He joined the Corporation in 1984 and retired as
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer in 2008. Before joining Alimentation Couche-Tard, he spent 13 years at several major
financial institutions and was Vice-President of Québec for a Canadian bank wholly owned by Société Générale (France).
Mr. Fortin served on the board of Transcontinental Inc. from 2004 to 2018 and was Lead Director and Chairman of its Audit Committee,
and on National Bank of Canada’s board from 2013 to 2018 as Chairman of the Risk Management Committee and member of its Audit
Committee. Mr. Fortin also served on the board of Rona Inc. from 2009 to 2013, and on the board of National Bank Life Insurance
Company from 2005 to 2018 and was Chairman of its Audit Committee from 2013 to 2018.
Mr. Fortin has a Bachelor of Arts in management with a major in finance from Université Laval in Québec City. He lives in Boucherville,
Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          Mr. Fortin does not serve on a committee because he is a co-founder of the Corporation
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     None
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 31,840,149
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 58,745
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $2,076,299,010
                               Mr. Fortin meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 34 for details.




                                                                                                                                   22

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                                    Brian Hannasch
                                    President and Chief Executive Officer, Alimentation Couche-Tard
                                    Inc.
                                          •    Age: 56
                                          •    Not Independent
                                          •    Director since: 2014
                                          •    2022 Voting Results: 98.77% in favour
                                          •    Fiscal 2023 meeting attendance: 100%
 Brian Hannasch is President and Chief Executive Officer of Alimentation Couche-Tard since 2014 and served as its Chief Operating Officer
 from 2010 to 2014. Under his leadership, the Corporation has grown to be the largest company in Canada in terms of revenue and one of
 the largest convenience store groups in the world.
 He joined the Corporation in 2001 and during his 22 years with Alimentation Couche-Tard, he has also served as, Senior Vice-President,
 U.S. Operations (2008 to 2010), Senior Vice President, Western North America (2004 to 2008), Vice-President, Integration (2003 to 2004),
 and Vice President Operations, U.S. Midwest (2001 to 2003), where he was responsible for all aspects of U.S. operations.
 Mr. Hannasch was Vice President of Operations (2000 to 2001) for Bigfoot Food Stores LLC, a 225-unit convenience store chain in the U.S.
 Midwest acquired by Alimentation Couche-Tard in 2001. Prior to that, he was at BP Amoco (1989 to 2000), and held various positions of
 increasing responsibility including Vice-President of Marketing for the U.S. Midwest Business Unit.
 In 2022, Mr. Hannasch was inducted into the Convenience Store News Hall of Fame. Mr. Hannasch was named 2021 Retail Leader of the
 Year by Winsight Media and 2019 Retailer Executive of the Year by Convenience Store News’ blue-chip panel of c-store industry leaders. He
 was also named CEO of the year by The Globe and Mail in 2016. He has been a member of the board of directors of the Association for
 Convenience & Fuel Retailing (NACS) since 2016 and a member of the board of directors of AutoZone, Inc. since February 2022.
 Mr. Hannasch has a Master of Business Administration in marketing and finance from the University of Chicago and a Bachelor of Arts in
 finance from Iowa State University. He lives in Columbus, Indiana, United States and speaks English.
 Committee memberships              Mr. Hannasch does not serve on any committees because he is the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer
 Other public company boards AutoZone, Inc. (2022 - present) - member of the Compensation Committee
 and committees
 Interlocking Relationships         None
                 (1)
 Securities held                       ▪ Shares: 914,618
                                       ▪ Deferred Share Units: 79,147
                                       ▪ Value of at risk holding: $64,684,164
                                    Mr. Hannasch meets his executive equity ownership requirement – see page 72 for details.
(1)
  As an executive, Mr. Hannasch also earns Share Units and stock Options – see page 61.




                                                                                                                                       23

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                                 Melanie Kau
                                 Entrepreneur, Corporate Director
                                      •    Age: 61
                                      •    Independent
                                      •    Director since: 2006
                                      •    2022 Voting Results: 93.60% in favour
                                      •    Fiscal 2023 meeting attendance: 100%

Melanie Kau is a seasoned retailer and corporate director with more than 30 years of experience in creating customer connections. As a
retailer she led Naturiste, a 67-store chain of natural supplements and vitamins, to renewed profitability. As President of Mobilia, the largest
independent furniture retailer in Eastern Canada, she focused on building the brand and growing the retail network to its current size, with
stores in Québec and Ontario.
Ms. Kau is currently a member of the board of directors and recently elected Chair of Aéroports de Montréal, where she previously chaired
its Governance and Human Resources Committee for several years. She is also currently the only independent member of the board of a
private company that is building a network of fertility clinics in North America, where she is a member of the Human Resource Committee.
Ms. Kau is passionate about entrepreneurship. She serves as Governor of the Young Chamber of Commerce, where she mentors up-and-
coming entrepreneurs. She has received several accolades for her business acumen and entrepreneurship, including Canada’s Top 40
under 40 and the John Molson School of Business Award of Distinction.
Ms. Kau has a Master of Business Administration from Concordia and a Master of Journalism from Northwestern University. She lives in
Westmount, Québec, Canada and speaks French, English, German and Italian.
Committee memberships            Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee (chair)
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships       None
Securities held                    ▪ Shares: Nil
                                   ▪ Deferred Share Units: 163,114
                                   ▪ Value of at risk holding: $10,617,090
                                 Ms. Kau meets her equity ownership requirement – see page 34 for details.




                                                                                                                                          24

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                               Marie-Josée Lamothe, GCB.D
                               President, Tandem International
                                    •    Age: 55
                                    •    Independent
                                    •    Director since: 2019
                                    •    2022 Voting Results: 99.60% in favour
                                    •    Fiscal 2023 meeting attendance: 100%

Marie-Josée Lamothe has over 25 years of experience in the competitive digital and consumer products world (Google, L’Oréal, Procter &
Gamble). She is best noted for her expertise in Digital Transformation and Global Branding. Since 2018, she is the President of Tandem
International and works closely with VCs as an advisory partner to their portfolio of small/medium enterprises. She serves on the board of
Riocan Real Estate Investment Trust where she is a member of the Investment Committee.
Mrs. Lamothe is also a Professor of Practice at McGill University (Desautels Business Faculty) and administers McGill’s Dobson Center for
Entrepreneurship whose mission is to transform the university’s innovation into viable startups.
From 2014 to 2018, she acted as Managing Director at Google Canada, overseeing the go-to-market practices for 14 industries. She also
held several executive positions at L’Oréal between 2002 and 2014, from International Marketing Director in France to Chief Marketing
Officer and Chief Corporate Communications Officer in Canada.
In recent years, she has been appointed by the Treasury Board of Canada to the Audit Committee for Ministries such as Employment and
Social Development Canada (ESDC) and Canadian Border Services Agency (CBSA) and nominated by the Canadian Revenue Agency (CRA)
Commissioner to its external advisory panel. Mrs. Lamothe was also appointed to the 2017 Advisory Council on Economy and Innovation
for the Government of Québec. She was a Member of Canada 150 Research Chairs Multidisciplinary Review Panel which aims to award
research chair positions to Canadian universities and enhance Canada’s reputation as a global center for science, research and innovation
excellence.
Ms. Lamothe has recently earned Triple E Award recognition for her Entrepreneurship and Engagement Excellence in Higher Education.
She has been awarded the Desautels Achievement Award by McGill University, which recognizes individuals who serve as role models for
students in their education, career, and philanthropic contributions. She received an Honoree Diploma from the Université de Montréal for
her contribution to the advancement of our society. The Boardlist named her among the Top 10 women in tech in Canada, and InfoPresse
nominated her as a Personality of the Year in Quebec. She was also recognized among Canada’s Top 100 Most Powerful Women in the
Financial Post and Canada’s Marketers of the Year by Strategy magazine. Forbes Magazine and Social Media Magazine (US) recognized her
among Top Marketing Minds To Follow on social media in North America, and Canadian Business Magazine nominated her among
Canada's 40 Global Leaders.
Ms. Lamothe is a graduate of Mathematics & Economics with honors from the University of Montreal and from INSEAD's L'Oreal's
Executive Management program, with program certifications from MIT Sloan & MIT CSAIL Artificial Intelligence: AI Implications for Business
Strategy (2020), from Said Business School Oxford University in Cybersecurity for Business Leaders (2021), and from NASBA (National
Association of State Boards of Accountancy) in Assessing Cybersecurity Risks (2021). In 2023, she earned a Professional Designation in
regulatory standards of environmental, social, and governance (ESG): GCB.D. She lives in Montréal, Québec, Canada and speaks French,
English and Spanish.
Committee memberships          Audit Committee
Other public company boards Riocan Real Estate Investment Trust (2022 - present) - member of the Investment Committee
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     None
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 2,048
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 13,081
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $984,747
                               Ms. Lamothe meets her equity ownership requirement – see page 34 for details.




                                                                                                                                    25

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                              Monique F. Leroux, C.M., O.Q., FCPA, FICD
                              Corporate Director
                                   •    Age: 68
                                   •    Independent
                                   •    Director since: 2015
                                   •    2022 Voting Results: 99.68% in favour
                                   •    Fiscal 2023 meeting attendance: 100%

Monique Leroux is a corporate director and has extensive business experience. From 2008 to 2016, Ms. Leroux was the Chair of the board
of directors and Chief Executive Officer of Desjardins Group. From 2016 to 2020, Ms. Leroux was the Chair of the board of Investissement
Québec. She serves as an independent director on the boards of BCE/Bell and Michelin Group. She also serves as a senior advisor at
Teneo. In 2020, she has also been appointed as chair of the Industry Strategy Council of Canada and is a member of the G7 Impact Task
Force representing Canada. Before joining Desjardins Group, Ms. Leroux held senior executive positions at RBC (Royal Bank of Canada)
and Quebecor. She was also an audit partner at EY (Ernst & Young).
Ms. Leroux is a Member of the Order of Canada, an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec, a Chevalier of the Légion d’Honneur (France)
and a Companion of the Order of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame, the Investment Industry Hall of Fame and the Canadian Accounting
Hall of Fame. She has also received the Woodrow Wilson Award (United States), the Outstanding Achievement Award from the Québec CPA
Order and the Institute of Corporate Directors Fellowship Award.
Ms. Leroux gives her time and support to several not-for-profit organizations. She was appointed to the Canada-United States Council for
Advancement of Women Entrepreneurs and Business Leaders and is a member of the board of the Université de Sherbrooke and the
Montréal Symphony Orchestra.
Ms. Leroux has honorary doctorates from ten Canadian universities. She lives in Outremont, Québec, Canada and speaks French and
English.
Committee memberships         Audit Committee
Other public company boards BCE/Bell (2016 - present) – Chair of the Governance Committee and member of the Audit Committee
and committees              Michelin Group (2015 - present) – Chair of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee and member of the
                            Audit Committee
Interlocking Relationships    Ms. Leroux sits on the Board of directors of BCE Inc., alongside Mr. Vachon
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 2,500
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 28,809
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $2,037,903
                              Ms. Leroux meets her equity ownership requirement – see page 34 for details.




                                                                                                                                  26

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                               Réal Plourde
                               Co-founder, Corporate Director
                                   •    Age: 72
                                   •    Not Independent
                                   •    Director since: 1988
                                   •    2022 Voting Results: 97.91% in favour
                                   •    Fiscal 2023 meeting attendance: 100%

Réal Plourde was Chairman of the Board from 2011 to 2014. He joined the Corporation in 1984 and served in a variety of roles until his
retirement in 2011, including Executive Vice-President from 2010 until his retirement in 2011, Chief Operating Officer, Vice-President of
Development, Sales and Operations, and Manager of Technical Services. Mr. Plourde began his career working on various engineering
projects in Canada and Africa.
Mr. Plourde and his wife, Ariane Riou, are recipients of the Lieutenant Governor’s Seniors Medal (February 2018), for their sustained
community-based volunteer work, especially at the Palliative Care Home in Laval.
Mr. Plourde has a Master of Business Administration from the École des Hautes Études Commerciales in Montréal, an engineering degree
in applied sciences from Université Laval in Québec City, and is a member of the Ordre des Ingénieurs du Québec. He lives in Westmount,
Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          Mr. Plourde does not serve on a committee because he is a co-founder of the Corporation
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     None
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 21,382,205
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 30,269
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $1,393,737,933
                               Mr. Plourde meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 34 for details.




                                                                                                                                   27

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                              Daniel Rabinowicz
                              Corporate Director
                                   •    Age: 72
                                   •    Independent
                                   •    Director since: 2013
                                   •    2022 Voting Results: 98.84% in favour
                                   •    Fiscal 2023 meeting attendance: 100%

Daniel Rabinowicz is an independent marketing and business consultant. He was President of TAXI Montréal, an advertising agency, from
2004 to 2008, and then President of TAXI’s New York office until his retirement in 2009. Prior to that he was at Cossette Communication
Group, where he rose to become President of Cossette Montréal and Co-President of Cossette Toronto. Mr. Rabinowicz started his career
in advertising with Vickers & Benson in 1975 and acquired experience as a brand manager at Catelli Ltd. before joining Cossette
Communication Group in 1985 as Director, Strategic Planning.
Mr. Rabinowicz is a member of the board of directors of Reitmans (Canada) Limited where he is Chairman of the Board and serves on the
Strategic Planning Committee. He is also a director of the Montréal Holocaust Museum. Mr. Rabinowicz is the founder of Bénévolat
d’entraide aux communicateurs, a non-profit organization that helps professionals in the communications industry deal with their
personal, professional or financial problems, and remains on the organization’s management committee.
Mr. Rabinowicz has a Master of Business Administration and a Bachelor of Arts from McGill University. He lives in Saint-Lambert, Québec,
Canada and speaks French, English and Yiddish.
Committee memberships         Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
Other public company boards Reitmans (Canada) Limited (2012 - present) – Chairman of the Board and member of the Strategic Planning
and committees              Committee
Interlocking Relationships    None
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 11,347
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 23,734
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $2,283,422
                              Mr. Rabinowicz meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 34 for details.




                                                                                                                                  28

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                               Louis Têtu
                               Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Coveo Solutions Inc.
                                    •    Age: 59
                                    •    Independent
                                    •    Director since: 2019
                                    •    2022 Voting Results: 98.89% in favour
                                    •    Fiscal 2023 meeting attendance: 100%

Louis Têtu is an award-winning entrepreneur and business executive with 30 years of experience in international technology businesses.
Mr. Têtu is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Coveo Solutions Inc., (TSX: CVO), a global provider of artificial intelligence powered
business solutions for ecommerce, customer service and workplace applications. Prior to Coveo, Mr. Têtu co-founded Taleo Corporation, a
leading international provider of cloud software for talent and human capital management, listed on NASDAQ in 2005 and subsequently
acquired by Oracle for US$1.9 billion in 2012. Mr. Têtu was Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors from the
company’s inception in 1999 through 2007.
Prior to Taleo, Mr. Têtu was President of Baan SCS, the supply-chain management solutions group of Baan, a global enterprise software
company. This followed Baan’s acquisition of Berclain Group inc., which he co-founded in 1989 and where he served as President until
1996.
Mr. Têtu serves on the board of PetalMD, a leading cloud applications provider in the medical sector and previously served on the board of
Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services inc. Mr. Têtu is involved in private equity across multiple business sectors.
In 1997 Mr. Têtu was honoured by Université Laval for his social contributions and business achievements. He has twice received the
Regional Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year award and was a National winner in 2021.
Mr. Têtu is an Engineering graduate from Université Laval in Québec City and a commercially licensed helicopter pilot. He lives in Québec
City, Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
Other public company boards Coveo Solutions Inc. (2008 - present) - Chairman
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     None
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 22,514
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 12,794
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $2,298,198
                               Mr. Têtu meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 34 for details




                                                                                                                                    29

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Attributes of our Directors

Meeting attendance
Board and Committee meetings are called and held as described in our by-laws. Directors are expected to attend all meetings. The
following table summarizes the attendance of the Directors and Committee members of the Board for the period from
April 25, 2022 to April 30, 2023:

                                                                                                 Committee meetings

                                                                                                Human Resources and             Total 2023
                                                     Board meetings                  Audit      Corporate Governance           attendance
                 Alain Bouchard                        8 of 8 (100%)                        –                         –                   100%
                 Louis Vachon                          8 of 8 (100%)                                                                      100%
                 Jean Bernier                          8 of 8 (100%)                        –                         –                   100%
                 Karinne Bouchard                      8 of 8 (100%)                        –                         –                   100%
                 Eric Boyko                            8 of 8 (100%)         4 of 4 (100%)                            –                   100%
                 Jacques D’Amours                      8 of 8 (100%)                        –                         –                   100%
                                     (1)
                 Janice L. Fields                      8 of 8 (100%)                        –           3 of 3 (100%)                     100%
                 Eric Fortin                           8 of 8 (100%)                        –                         –                   100%
                 Richard Fortin                        8 of 8 (100%)                        –                         –                   100%
                 Brian Hannasch                        8 of 8 (100%)                        –                         –                   100%
                 Mélanie Kau                           8 of 8 (100%)                        –           5 of 5 (100%)                     100%
                 Marie-Josée Lamothe                   8 of 8 (100%)         4 of 4 (100%)                            –                   100%
                 Monique F. Leroux                     8 of 8 (100%)         4 of 4 (100%)                            –                   100%
                 Réal Plourde                          8 of 8 (100%)                        –                         –                   100%
                 Daniel Rabinowicz                     8 of 8 (100%)                        –           5 of 5 (100%)                     100%
                 Louis Têtu                            8 of 8 (100%)                        –           5 of 5 (100%)                     100%
                (1)
                      Ms. Fields joined the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee on June 28, 2022.


Building a balanced Board
We believe that a diverse mix of director profiles is critical to a well-functioning Board, and an important aspect of good corporate
governance. A wide variety of perspectives promotes active discussion and increases the likelihood that proposed solutions are
balanced and comprehensive and in the best interest of the Corporation and its stakeholders.
The graphs below are snapshots of the diversity of this year’s Director Nominees. You will find information about each Director
Nominee in their profiles in the previous section, and more about our corporate governance practices relating to our Board
composition, nomination and assessment starting on page 37.


                           INDEPENDENCE                                      GENDER                                TENURE
                               independent (9)                                  men (10)                              0 to 5 years (8)
                               not independent (7)                              women (6)                             10+ years (4)
                                                                                                                      5 to 10 years (4)




                                                                                                                25%
                                                                       37%
                         44%
                                                                                                                                   50%
                                              56%
                                                                                        63%
                                                                                                                25%




                                                                                                                                                 30

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Independence
The Board includes 56% independent directors. To ensure the Board functions independently, we have a Lead Director who meets
with the independent directors in camera at every Board meeting.
Three of the Director Nominees, including the Founder and Executive Chairman, are not independent because they are co-founders
of the Corporation. Mr. Hannasch is not independent because he is our President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), Ms. Karinne
Bouchard is not independent because she is the daughter of Mr. Alain Bouchard, Mr. Eric Fortin is not independent because he is
the son of Mr. Richard Fortin and Ms. Marie-Eve D'Amours is not independent because she is the daughter of Mr. Jacques D'Amours.
The remaining nine Director Nominees are independent, within the meaning of the CSA Audit Committee Rules in that each of them
has no direct or indirect material relationship with the Corporation and, in the reasonable opinion of the Board, are independent
under the applicable laws, regulations and listing requirements to which the Corporation is subject.
The following table sets forth the relationship of the Director Nominees:
                                           Not
     Name                  Independent                      Reason for Non-Independence
                                           Independent
     Alain Bouchard
                                                 ü                                Mr. Bouchard is one of the co-founders of the Corporation

     Mélanie Kau
                                 ü
     Jean Bernier
                                 ü
     Karinne Bouchard
                                                 ü                                      Ms. Bouchard is the daughter of Mr. Alain Bouchard

     Eric Boyko
                                 ü
                                                                  Ms. D’Amours is the daughter of Mr. Jacques D'Amours, a co-founder of the
     Marie-Eve D’Amours
                                                 ü                                                                             Corporation
     Janice L. Fields
                                 ü
     Eric Fortin
                                                 ü                                                 Mr. Fortin is the son of Mr. Richard Fortin

     Richard Fortin
                                                 ü                                   Mr. Fortin is one of the co-founders of the Corporation

     Brian Hannasch
                                                 ü                                Mr. Hannasch is the President and CEO of the Corporation

     Marie-Josée Lamothe
                                 ü
     Monique F. Leroux
                                 ü
     Réal Plourde
                                                 ü                                  Mr. Plourde is one of the co-founders of the Corporation

     Daniel Rabinowicz
                                 ü
     Louis Têtu
                                 ü
     Louis Vachon
                                 ü
Languages spoken by the Board
Fourteen of the sixteen Board Nominees have a professional proficiency in French (87.5%) while all Board Nominees speak
English (100%). In addition, three Board Nominees have, respectively, a working proficiency in, German and Italian, Spanish, and
Yiddish.




                                                                                                                                             31

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Other information about the Director Nominees

To the knowledge of the directors of Couche-Tard and according to information provided to us, other than as disclosed below, none
of the Director Nominees, and regarding item (iii) below, a significant shareholder, are at the date of this Circular or have been,
within the last ten years, a director, chief executive officer or chief financial officer or, regarding item (iii) below, an executive officer
of a company which, while the person was acting in this capacity:
(i)      was the subject of a cease trade or similar order or an order that denied the relevant company access to any exemption
         under securities legislation, for a period of more than 30 consecutive days;
(ii)     was, after the director or executive officer ceased to be a director or executive officer, the subject of a cease trade or
         similar order or an order that denied the relevant company access to any exemption under securities legislation, for a
         period of more than 30 consecutive days as a result of an event which occurred while the director or executive officer was
         acting in this capacity; or
(iii)    within a year of that person ceasing to act in that capacity, became bankrupt, made a proposal under any legislation
         relating to bankruptcy or insolvency or was subject to or instituted any proceedings, arrangement or compromise with
         creditors or had a receiver, receiver manager or trustee appointed to hold its assets.

Mr. Richard Fortin and Mr. Eric Fortin were directors of Les Jardins Val-Mont Inc. ("Val-Mont") from 2009 until August 6, 2015. On
July 8, 2016, Val-Mont filed a proposal under the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), which was approved by the Court on
September 8, 2016.

Mr. Boyko was a director of Bouclair Inc., from December 10, 2014 to June 1, 2020. On November 11, 2019, Bouclair Inc., and
Bouclair International Inc., (“Bouclair”) each filed a notice of intention to make a proposal to its creditors under the Bankruptcy and
Insolvency Act (Canada). On May 11, 2020, Bouclair filed a proposal to their creditors with the Office of the Superintendent of
Bankruptcy of Canada and on May 22, 2020, the Québec Superior Court rendered an order granting a motion approving a
transaction between Bouclair as vendors, and Alston Investments Inc., as purchaser. On July 17, 2020, the Québec Superior Court
rendered an order appointing Deloitte Restructuring Inc. Receiver under Section 243 of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act. On
August 12, 2020, the Québec Superior Court sanctioned the amended proposal of Bouclair.

Ms. Lamothe was a director of Reitmans (Canada) Limited (“Reitmans”) until August 30, 2019 as well as a director of Aldo Group Inc.,
(“Aldo”) until December 31, 2019. In 2020, given the impact of Covid on the retail industry, Reitmans and Aldo sought protection
from their creditors under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (CCAA) on May 19, 2020 and May 6, 2020, respectively. On
January 4, 2022 Reitmans obtained a sanction order from the Quebec Superior Court for the distribution of a settlement amount to
Reitmans' creditors.

Mr. Rabinowicz is currently Chairman of the Board of Reitmans where he is a member of the Strategic Planning Committee.
Reitmans voluntarily filed for creditor protection from bankruptcy under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (CCAA) on
May 6, 2020 and on January 4, 2022 Reitmans obtained a sanction order from the Quebec Superior Court for the distribution of a
settlement amount to Reitmans' creditors.

Loans to directors and officers
We can grant loans to our directors, officers and other employees in the regular course of business as long as the loans comply with
legal and regulatory requirements and are on market terms. As at July 10, 2023 there were no loans outstanding.




                                                                                                                                        32

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Director Compensation
The Corporation’s compensation program for directors who are not otherwise employed by the Corporation (the “Non-Executive
Directors”) is designed (i) to attract and retain the most qualified individuals to serve on the Board of Directors and its committees,
(ii) to align the interests of the directors with the long-term interests of the Corporation’s shareholders, (iii) to provide appropriate
compensation for the time, commitment and responsibilities related to being an effective director, and (iv) to remain competitive
with director compensation trends and practices.

Our Director Compensation Program

Our compensation program for Non-Executive Directors for fiscal 2023 was structured as follows:
     ▪ Annual retainer fee to cover all responsibilities, attendance and work performed by Non-Executive Directors during the year of
       which at least 50% is paid in Deferred Share Units (“DSUs”);
     ▪ Option for Non-Executive Directors to elect to have up to 100% of their compensation paid in DSUs;
     ▪ Non-Executive Directors must hold at least four times their annual retainer in shares or DSUs, and have five years from their
       election to the Board to meet this requirement;
     ▪ The Corporation does not grant stock options to Non-Executive Directors.
 a




EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS DO NOT RECEIVE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
Directors who are employed by the Corporation (the “Executive Directors”) do not receive director compensation or stock
options. As such, Alain Bouchard is compensated in his role as Founder and Executive Chairman and Brian Hannasch is
compensated for his role as President and Chief Executive Officer.

Oversight and Benchmarking
The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee (the “HRCG Committee”) is mandated by the Board to review the
Non-Executive Directors compensation and to make recommendations to the Board in order to ensure that such compensation is
established in an equitable and competitive manner taking into account the responsibilities and risks associated with the
performance of director duties. In connection with this review, the HRCG Committee regularly retains an outside compensation
consultant to benchmark the Corporation’s Non-Executive Directors’ compensation against the median of compensation from a
peer group of companies in the retail and food manufacturing industries. The companies in the peer group all have North American
operations, annual revenues from US$6 to US$138 billion, a market capitalization from US$8 to US$111 billion, and all are in similar
or related industries – food retail, general merchandising, oil and gas refining and marketing, or restaurants. You can read more
about our peer compensation group and how we benchmark executive compensation on page 71.
Based on the results of the benchmarking review, the HRCG Committee then recommends to the Board any adjustments to the
Non-Executive Directors’ compensation that may be necessary or appropriate to achieve the objectives of the Corporation’s director
compensation program.
In fiscal 2023, the Board of Directors approved the increase of the Board retainer by an amount of $50,000 to be paid over a two-
year period, and an increase of $5,000 for the Audit Committee Chair, $5,000 for the HRCG Chair and $5,000 for the Lead Director.
In fiscal 2023, the Board retainer fee therefore increased from $180,000 to $205,000, the Lead Director additional retainer increased
from $35,000 to $40,000, the Audit Committee and HRCG Committee Chairs additional retainer increased from $33,000 to $38,000,
and the Committee member retainer remained at $13,000 respectively.




                                                                                                                                   33

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Annual Retainers
The table below shows the annual retainer fees payable to the Corporation’s Non-Executive
Directors in fiscal 2023:
Fiscal 2023                                                                                        Board Retainer
Director Position                                                                                        $205,000
Lead Director Position                                                                                   $245,000
Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee Chair
Retainer                                                                                                 $243,000
Audit Committee Chair Retainer                                                                           $243,000
Committee Member Retainer                                                                                $218,000


Non-Executive Directors minimum equity ownership requirements

The Corporation believes it is important that Non-Executive Directors demonstrate their commitment to the Corporation and its
shareholders through share ownership. To this effect, pursuant to the Corporation’s Shareholding Guidelines, directors are required
to acquire, over a period of five years, ownership of an amount of Shares and/or DSUs which is equivalent in value to four times the
annual Board retainer, and subsequently maintain such minimum ownership position for the duration of his or her tenure as a
director. Following the implementation of changes to the Non-Executive Directors compensation effective in fiscal 2023, the total
value of a Non-Executive Director’s Shares and/or DSUs was increased to at least $820,000 and effective in fiscal 2024, the total
value of a Non-Executive Director's Shares and/or DSUs will increase to at least $920,000. Each remuneration increase provides the
Non-Executive Director an additional four years to meet their ownership requirement.
The following table shows the total number of Shares, as well as DSUs owned by each Non-Executive Director as at April 30, 2023.
The total value held by each Non-Executive Director has been calculated using $67.62, the closing price on the TSX of the Shares on
April 28, 2023, the last trading day of fiscal 2023.
                                                                                                                                          Date by which the
                                                                       Total Value of                Total value of
                                                                                                                      Meets ownership        ownership
                                                                        Shares as at                    DSUs as
                                                           Shares                        DSUs
                                                                                             (1)                       requirement      requirement must be
                                                                       April 30, 2023               at April 30, 2023
                                                                                                                                                met
              Jean Bernier                                   41,126         $2,780,940    10,542           $712,850        yes           Requirement is met
              Karinne Bouchard                               24,022         $1,624,368     2,372           $160,395        yes           Requirement is met
                            (2)
              Eric Boyko                                     35,300         $2,386,986    22,266         $1,505,627        yes           Requirement is met
                                              (3)
              Jacques D’Amours                            60,658,132    $4,101,702,886    28,369         $1,918,312        yes           Requirement is met
                                  (4)
              Janice Fields                                      —                  —      8,768           $592,892        no                April 2027
              Eric Fortin                                   313,597        $21,205,429     2,640           $178,517        yes           Requirement is met
                                        (5)
              Richard Fortin                              31,840,149    $2,153,030,875    58,111         $3,929,466        yes           Requirement is met
              Mélanie Kau                                        —                  —    162,573        $10,993,186        yes           Requirement is met
                                                    (6)
              Marie-Josée Lamothe                            12,910           $872,974    12,297           $831,523        yes           Requirement is met
              Monique F. Leroux                               2,500           $169,050    28,060         $1,897,417        yes           Requirement is met
                                  (7)
              Réal Plourde                                21,382,205    $1,445,864,702    29,572         $1,999,659        yes           Requirement is met
              Daniel Rabinowicz                              11,347           $767,284    22,974         $1,553,502        yes           Requirement is met
                            (8)
              Louis Têtu                                     26,114         $1,765,829    12,009           $812,049        yes           Requirement is met
              Louis Vachon                                   10,000           $676,200     5,114           $345,809        yes           Requirement is met
              (1)
                  Includes dividend equivalents earned on DSUs.
              (2)
                  Mr. Boyko holds all of his Shares through his holding company.
              (3)
                  Mr. D'Amours holds 1,035,654 Shares through his foundation and holds 47,727,756 Shares through his holding company.
              (4)
                  Ms. Fields has until April 2025 to meet the requirement of $720K, until April 2026 to meet the requirement of $820K, and until April
              2027 to meet the requirement of $920K based on remuneration increases.
              (5)
                  Mr. Fortin holds 420,600 Shares through his foundation and holds 23,692,077 Shares through his holding company.
              (6)
                  Ms. Lamothe holds 2,048 of her Shares through her holding company.
              (7)
                  Mr. Plourde holds 305,000 Shares through his foundation and holds 9,208,476 Shares through his holding company.
              (8)
                  Mr. Têtu holds 22,514 of his Shares through his holding company.

Directors may not purchase financial instruments to hedge or offset a decrease in the market value of Shares held for the purpose
of the Director Share Ownership Requirement. As Executive Chairman, Alain Bouchard and as the President and CEO, Brian
Hannasch are required to comply with the Executive Share Ownership Requirement (see section entitled “Executive Share
Ownership Requirement” on page 72 for additional details).



                                                                                                                                                              34

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Deferred Share Unit Plan

The Corporation has adopted a DSU plan (the “DSUP”) which enables Non-Executive Directors, among others, to align their
economic interests with those of the Corporation’s shareholders and to assist them in meeting the requirements set forth in the
Corporation’s Shareholding Guidelines.
Unless otherwise determined, DSUs vest immediately upon being granted. However, no Director who is a holder of DSUs has any
right to receive any payment under the DSUP until he or she ceases to be an Eligible Director (and is not at that time an employee of
the Corporation) including by death, disability, retirement or resignation. Eligible Directors receive at least 50% of their
compensation in DSUs, the exact number of which is calculated using the Market Value of the Shares at the time of the grant. DSUs
can only be redeemed for cash and the dollar amount is calculated using the market value of the Shares on the payout date.
Detailed information on the DSU Plan is included in Appendix “C” of this Circular.

Non-Executive Directors’ compensation table

The following table lists all compensation earned during fiscal 2023 by the Non-Executive Directors, as at April 30, 2023.
We calculated the number of DSUs awarded as payment of the Board retainer by dividing the dollar amount of the award
by the weighted average trading price of our Shares on the TSX over the five trading days immediately before the
payment date.
                                                                                   All other                Total            How it was
                                             Fees Earned
                                                                                 compensation            compensation         allocated
                                    Board        Lead            Committee
                                              Director      Chair Member                                                    Cash          DSUs
 Jean Bernier                     $205,000          —           —         —                   —              $205,000          —    $205,000
 Karinne Bouchard                 $205,000          —           —         —                   —              $205,000    $102,500   $102,500
             (1)
 Eric Boyko                       $205,000          —      $25,000   $13,000                  —              $243,000          —    $243,000
 Jacques D’Amours                 $205,000          —           —         —                   —              $205,000     102,500   $102,500
                 (2)
 Janice Fields                    $205,000          —           —    $10,494                  —              $215,494          —    $215,494
 Eric Fortin                      $205,000          —           —         —                   —              $205,000     102,500   $102,500
                                                                                                   (3)
 Richard Fortin                   $205,000          —           —         —              $75,000             $280,000     $75,000   $205,000
                 (4)
 Mélanie Kau                      $205,000      $7,711     $25,000   $13,000                  —              $250,711          —    $250,711
                            (5)
 Marie-Josée Lamothe              $205,000          —           —    $13,000                  —              $218,000          —    $218,000
                        (5)
 Monique F. Leroux                $205,000          —           —    $13,000                  —              $218,000          —    $218,000
                                                                                                   (3)
 Réal Plourde                     $205,000          —           —         —              $75,000             $280,000     $75,000   $205,000
                       (6)
 Daniel Rabinowicz                $205,000          —           —    $13,000                  —              $218,000          —    $218,000
             (6)
 Louis Têtu                       $205,000          —           —    $13,000                  —              $218,000          —    $218,000
                   (7)
 Louis Vachon                     $205,000     $32,289          —         —                   —              $237,289          —    $237,289
 Total                                                                                                      $3,198,494
(1)
    Mr. Boyko is the Chair of the Audit Committee.
(2)
    Ms. Fields was nominated as a member of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee on June 28, 2022.
(3)
    Messrs. Fortin and Plourde each received an additional $75,000 for consulting services, which was paid to their respective corporations.
(4)
    Ms. Kau was the Lead Director and Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee during fiscal 2022. She stepped down as
the Lead Director effective June 28, 2022 and remains the Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee.
(5)
    Ms. Lamothe and Ms. Leroux are members of the Audit Committee.
(6)
    Mr. Rabinowicz and Mr. Têtu are members of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee.
(7)
    Mr. Vachon was nominated Lead Director effective June 28, 2022.




                                                                                                                                                 35

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Incentive plan awards – value vested or earned during fiscal 2023

The table below shows the aggregate dollar value that would have been realized if the DSUs issued in fiscal 2023 had been cashed
on the grant date.

                                                                                  Non-equity incentive
                                Option-based awards      Share-based awards –
                                                                                  plan compensation –
                                – value vested during      value vested during
                                                                                   value earned during
                                       the fiscal year          the fiscal year
                                                                                              the year
Jean Bernier                                       —                  $205,000                      —
Karinne Bouchard                                   —                  $102,500                      —
Eric Boyko                                         —                  $243,000                      —
Jacques D’Amours                                   —                  $102,500                      —
Janice Fields                                      —                  $215,494                      —
Eric Fortin                                        —                  $102,500                      —
Richard Fortin                                     —                  $205,000                      —
Mélanie Kau                                        —                  $250,711                      —
Marie-Josée Lamothe                                —                  $218,000                      —
Monique F. Leroux                                  —                  $218,000                      —
Réal Plourde                                       —                  $205,000                      —
Daniel Rabinowicz                                  —                  $218,000                      —
Louis Têtu                                         —                  $218,000                      —
Louis Vachon                                       —                  $237,289                      —


Upcoming changes to Non-Executive Director compensation in fiscal 2024

In fiscal 2023, following the HRCG Committee’s review of the compensation program for our Non-Executive Directors and with a
view to ensure that Board compensation is competitive and allows the Corporation to appropriately recruit future board members
from all our principal markets, the Board approved an annual increase of $50,000 over a two-year period for each of its members,
as well as an increase in fiscal 2023 of $5,000 for the Lead Director, $5,000 for the Audit Chair and $5,000 for the HRCG Chair. As a
result, each Board members' annual base compensation in fiscal 2023 was $205,000 and in fiscal 2024 is $230,000.

Pursuant to the shareholding guidelines for Directors, the requirement is to gain four times their annual retainer within five years
from the date of appointment, and any increase would be subject to the same requirement from the effective date of the increase.

Our Corporate Governance Practices
The Board considers strong and transparent corporate governance practices to be
important factors in the overall success of our Corporation and we are committed to adopting
and adhering to the highest standards of corporate governance. We strive for continuous
improvement in our corporate governance practices to ensure effective oversight of
                                                                                                             A copy of the corporate
management and our affairs, and to make sure our governance framework not only meets
                                                                                                           Governance Guidelines and
regulatory requirements but also reflects evolving best practices. We comply with the
                                                                                                            other governance related
guidelines adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators and with the standards of other
                                                                                                            documents is available at
regulatory bodies. The Corporation has adopted certain policies and procedures to ensure that
                                                                                                         https://corpo.couche-tard.com/
effective corporate governance practices are followed. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines
                                                                                                          en/our-company/leadership-
and delegation of authority provide a framework of authority and accountability to enable the
                                                                                                            governance/governance/
Board and management to make timely and effective decisions that promote shareholder
value while complying with applicable laws and the Corporation’s commitment to ethical
conduct, integrity and transparency. The Board periodically reviews our governance practices
for opportunities to update them.




                                                                                                                                  36

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Composition of our Board
Our Board of Directors oversees the management of Alimentation Couche-Tard with a view to
increasing shareholder value over time all the while maintaining other stakeholders’ interests
in mind. The Board makes major policy decisions and reviews the performance and
effectiveness of the management team, which is responsible for our day-to-day operations.
                                                                                                         BOARD COMMITTEES
Board Size                                                                                             The Audit Committee and
Although the maximum number of directors permitted by the Corporation’s articles is twenty               Human Resources and
(20), the Board has the ability to increase or decrease its size within the limits defined by the        Corporate Governance
articles of the Corporation and in accordance with applicable laws. The Board believes that a          Committee carry out many
size of eight to twenty (8-20) directors is appropriate and allows for the efficient functioning of    of these responsibilities on
the Board as a decision-making body.                                                                       behalf of the Board.
The HRCG Committee annually assesses the size and overall composition of the Board by                    You can learn more about
considering factors such as competencies, skills, qualities, diversity and gender balance and          the committees and read the
other attributes the Board believes it needs to possess, as a whole, to fulfill its responsibilities      2023 committee reports
and identifies new director candidates for the Board. Its goal is to build a diverse group of               starting on page 43.
directors who collectively have the relevant skills, experience and qualities necessary to
support our strategic direction, meet the challenges the Corporation faces and serve the long-
term interests of the Corporation and its shareholders.
We recognize the importance of maintaining an effective balance of director expertise and
independence. We have benefited greatly from the experience of the more senior members of
the Board over time, but have also refreshed the Board, by adding several new independent
directors over the last years. You can read about all the Director Nominees beginning on
page 13.
Board and Committee Organization
Two standing committees help the Board carry out its responsibilities: the Audit Committee and the HRCG Committee. Both
committees are made up entirely of independent directors.
The Board and Committee meetings are generally organized as follows:
    ▪   Five regularly scheduled Board meetings each year, including a meeting to consider and approve the Corporation’s budget,
        strategy and approach to compensation;
    ▪   Four regularly scheduled Audit Committee meetings per year and four regularly scheduled HRCG Committee meetings per
        year;
    ▪   Special Board or Committee meetings are held when deemed necessary;
    ▪   Members of management and certain other key employees are regularly called upon to give presentations at the Board
        and Committee meetings; and
    ▪   One annual continuous education session conducted jointly with the executive leadership team.
To ensure the Board operates independently of management, it has a Lead Director who has been recommended by the HRCG
Committee and approved by the Board. The Lead Director is responsible for, among other things, providing leadership to the
independent directors and making sure directors and management understand the responsibilities of the Board, and that they
clearly understand and observe the boundaries between the responsibilities of each. The independent members of the Board meet
with the Lead Director – without management or the non-independent directors – after every quarterly and annual Board meeting
and every committee meeting.




                                                                                                                               37

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Position Descriptions                                                                                  POSITION DESCRIPTIONS
                                                                                                        The Board has developed
The Board has developed written position descriptions for the Executive Chairman of the
                                                                                                       position descriptions for the
Board, for the Lead Director, for the Committee chairs and for the CEO to complement the
                                                                                                          Founder and Executive
Board’s charter. The complete text of the position descriptions can be found on the
                                                                                                       Chairman, the Lead Director,
Corporation’s website at:
                                                                                                         the chairs of each Board
https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/our-company/leadership-governance/governance/                             Committee, and the
These descriptions are reviewed annually by the HRCG Committee and are updated as                          President and Chief
required.                                                                                              Executive Officer. These are
                                                                                                         available on our website
Conflict of Interest
                                                                                                        (corpo.couche-tard.com).
In accordance with applicable law, each director is required to disclose to the Board any
potential conflict of interest he or she may have in a matter before the Board or a committee
thereof at the beginning of the Board or committee meeting. A director who is in a potential
conflict of interest must not attend any part of the meeting during which the matter is
discussed or participate in a vote on such matter.
Board Interlocks
To maintain director independence and to avoid potential conflicts of interest, the Board reviews the number of board interlocks
among its directors regularly. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, no more than two directors may serve together on the
board of another public company, and directors may not serve together on the boards of more than two other public companies.
As at July 10, 2023, two of the Board’s Directors Nominees, Ms. Bouchard and Mr. Boyko, sit together on the board of Stingray
Group Inc., and two of the Board's Directors Nominees, Ms. Leroux and Mr. Vachon, sit together on the board of BCE Inc.
Other Directorships
The Corporation values the experience and perspective that directors bring from their service on other boards, but also recognizes
that other board memberships and activities may also limit a director’s time and availability and may present conflicts of interest
or legal issues, including independence issues. As a general rule, directors should limit their service as directors on publicly-held
company and investment company boards to no more than five (including the Corporation’s Board). Service on the boards of
subsidiary companies with no publicly traded stock is not included in this calculation. Without specific approval from the Board,
the Corporation's CEO may serve on no more than two public company boards (including the Corporation's Board). Furthermore,
no director shall serve as a director, officer or employee of the Corporation’s competitor. A director wishing to join any other board
of directors, whether a private or public corporation, must first request permission of the Chair of the Board so that the
appropriate review can be undertaken to ensure that there is no potential conflict or any other legal or business concerns.




                                                                                                                                38

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Director nomination process
The HRCG Committee is responsible for developing, reviewing, and monitoring criteria, as well
as establishing procedures for evaluating and recommending potential directors to the Board
                                                                                                      DIRECTOR NOMINATION
for approval. Its goal is to build a diverse group of directors who collectively have the relevant
skills, experience and qualities necessary to support the Corporation’s strategic direction, meet       1. IDENTIFY GAPS ON
the challenges the Corporation faces and serve the long-term interests of our shareholders.                  THE BOARD

In support of this goal, the HRCG Committee will, when identifying candidates to nominate for
election to the Board:                                                                                                +
          (a) consider individuals who are highly qualified, based on their talents, experience,          2. MEET WITH
              functional expertise and personal skills, character and qualities having regards        POTENTIAL CANDIDATES
              to the Corporation’s current and future plans and objectives, as well as
              anticipated regulatory and market developments;
                                                                                                                      +
          (b) consider criteria that promote gender balance and diversity, including with
              regards to gender, ethnicity, age, geographical location, and other dimensions;
                                                                                                          3. RECOMMEND
          (c)   consider the level of representation of women on the Board and in executive              NOMINEES TO THE
                officer positions along with markers of diversity when making recommendations                  BOARD
                for nominees to the Board or for appointment as executive officers and in
                general with regard to succession planning for the Board and executive officers;
                and                                                                                                   +
          (d) as required, engage qualified independent external advisors to assist the Board             4. NOMINATE FOR
              in conducting its search for candidates that meet the Board’s criteria regarding               APPROVAL BY
              skills, gender balance, experience and diversity.                                            SHAREHOLDERS


To assist in this process, the HRCG Committee shall be mandated to consider as part of its policies and procedures:
          (a) the periodic evaluation and assessment of individual directors as well as Board committees and the Board as a whole
              to identify strengths and areas for improvement;
          (b) in consultation with the Board, the development and maintenance of a skills matrix that identifies the skills and
              expertise required for the Board along with potential areas for growth and improvement; and
          (c)   measures designed to ensure that the nominee recruitment and identification process are appropriate in terms of
                depth and scope to foster identification and progression of diverse candidates.
Please see page 13 for information about this year’s Director Nominees.
The Board is satisfied that this year’s group of Director Nominees meets our requirements for a healthy board culture that
promotes diverse perspectives and good governance.

Skills matrix
The HRCG Committee uses a skills matrix to help assess the overall skills of the Board and identify gaps. The skills matrix outlines
the desired qualifications, attributes, skill and experience that are important to and necessary for the proper functioning of the
Board and are reviewed annually. These areas of expertise are intended to complement the general qualifications and attributes
that are sought in all Board members, such as high ethics and integrity, senior executive leadership, strategic acumen, sound
business judgment, as well as willingness to devote the required amount of time to carry out the duties and responsibilities of
Board service.




                                                                                                                              39

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
The following table outlines the skills of our Director Nominees:




                                                                                           Karinne Bouchard   Marie-Eve D’Amours                                                                                     Marie-Josée Lamothe   Monique F. Leroux                  Daniel Rabinowicz
                                              Alain Bouchard   Jean Bernier                                                        Janice L. Fields                  Richard Fortin   Brian Hannasch   Mélanie Kau                                             Réal Plourde                                    Louis Vachon
                                                                              Eric Boyko                                                              Eric Fortin                                                                                                                                 Louis Têtu
CHARACTERISTICS
Independence                                                    ü              ü                                                    ü                                                                   ü              ü                     ü                                  ü                  ü            ü
Diversity                                                                                   ü                   ü                   ü                                                                   ü              ü                     ü
SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
Entrepreneurship                               ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                                      ü              ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü               ü                  ü            ü
Financial literacy                             ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü               ü                  ü            ü
Corporate governance                           ü                ü              ü            ü                                       ü                  ü              ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü               ü                  ü            ü
Compensation, labour relations, human
resources                                      ü                ü              ü                                                    ü                  ü              ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü               ü                  ü            ü
Senior executive leadership                    ü                ü              ü                                                    ü                                 ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü               ü                  ü            ü
Environmental, Social and Governance           ü                ü                           ü                                       ü                                 ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü               ü                               ü
Marketing, communications                      ü                ü                           ü                                       ü                  ü              ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü               ü                  ü            ü
Digital economy                                ü                ü              ü                                                                                      ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü                                  ü            ü
Oil, Gas and Energy sector experience          ü                ü                           ü                                                          ü              ü                ü                                                     ü                  ü                                               ü
Information technology                         ü                ü              ü                                                                                      ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü                                  ü            ü
International retail and consumer products     ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü               ü                  ü
Retail Industry knowledge                      ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü               ü                  ü            ü
Real estate                                    ü                ü              ü            ü                                       ü                  ü              ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü                                               ü
Food retail                                    ü                ü                           ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                ü                                                     ü                  ü               ü
Supply chain                                   ü                ü                                               ü                   ü                                 ü                ü                                                     ü                  ü               ü                  ü

SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE                                                                                                                                               DEFINITION
                                             Experience in developing new business opportunities, products, services, and processes within an existing
Entrepreneurship
                                             organization to create great value and generate growth.
                                             Experience or understanding of financial accounting and reporting, corporate finance, auditing and
Financial literacy
                                             internal controls.
Corporate governance                         Experience and overseeing of corporate governance practices and principles of a major organization.
Compensation, labour relations, human        Experience and understanding the best practices and principles relating with compensation plans,
resources                                    leadership development, talent management, succession planning and human resources.
Senior executive leadership                  Experience as a CEO or any senior officer position of a public company or major organization.
                                             Experience with the policies, practices or management risk associated with environment, social and
Environmental, Social and Governance
                                             governance matters which are relevant to the organization.
Marketing, communications                    Experience in communications or marketing industry.
Digital economy                              Experience with e-commerce quick commerce, digital retailing, AI applications and social media.
                                             Experience in the oil, gas and energy industry to understand the commercial aspects of the business,
Oil, Gas and Energy sector experience
                                             market, operational challenges and other strategies.
                                             Experience and understanding of technology, digital platforms, new media, data security, cyber security,
Information technology
                                             IT security and IT infrastructure.
                                             Experience in the operations of retail and consumer products in multiple countries with an understanding
International retail and consumer products
                                             of the challenges and opportunities within the organization in those countries.
                                             Experience and understanding of multi-site retail, specifically the management of multiple retail or
Retail Industry knowledge
                                             distribution stores or sites.

                                             Experience in real estate, residential or commercial as well as real estate acquisitions and dispositions
Real estate
                                             and property management.

                                             Experience in food retail combined with the knowledge of the industry, markets, operational issues,
Food retail
                                             regulatory concerns.

                                             Experience in supply chain combined with the knowledge of the industry, markets, operational issues,
Supply chain
                                             regulatory concerns as well as supply chain management.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              40

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Building a diverse Board: undertakings beyond gender diversity
The Corporation recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and executive team and sees this as a competitive
advantage. Furthermore, the Corporation recognizes that diversity is essential to the Corporation being able to better understand
and serve its very diverse customer base. The Corporation is an equal opportunity company and supports the spirit and intent of
applicable human rights and anti-discrimination laws as further detailed in the Corporation’s Ethics Code of Conduct (the "Code").
Towards this end, the Corporation has adopted a Policy Regarding Diversity on the Board of Directors and in Executive Officer Positions
(the “Diversity Policy”) which sets out the guidelines by which the Corporation undertakes to promote diversity and inclusion
throughout the organization.
In particular, in fiscal 2022, the Corporation amended its Diversity Policy to specifically commit not only to maintain a Board
composition in which women represent at least 30% of its members – and we are proud to say that we are already meeting such
target – but to also view diversity beyond the mere notion of gender, be it sexual orientation, age, disability, marital or civil
partnership status, ethnic origin, nationality or color, religious, political or other beliefs. In fiscal 2023, the Corporation reaffirmed its
commitment to use recruitment protocols that recognize the importance of diversity, beyond the mere notion of gender, in all of its
ongoing and future Board recruiting activities.
To this end, the Corporation is committed to enhance the diversity of the Board by:
    ▪    using recruitment protocols that recognize the importance of diversity, beyond the mere notion of gender and that diverse
         candidates can be found in a broad array of organizations outside of the traditional candidate pool of corporate directors
         and officers;
    ▪    using to their fullest potential the current network of organizations that can help identify diverse candidates; and
    ▪    periodically reviewing board recruitment and selection protocols to make sure that diversity in its broadest sense remains
         a component of every search.

Orientation and continuing education
                                                                                                                    CONTINUING
The HRCG Committee is responsible for orientation and ongoing education of directors.
                                                                                                                     EDUCATION
Orientation
All new directors are given a director’s guide that contains information about the Corporation
and our industry, Board and Committee mandates, the Code and other corporate policies. The                      REGULAR NEWSFEED
objective of our orientation process is that new Directors grasp the Corporation’s areas of
focus in order to start contributing to board effectiveness as quickly as possible. Directors
attend orientation presentations by key executives, who provide in-depth information about                                 +
the industry, our Corporation and our North American and European businesses, our strategy,
risks, culture and key issues. They also meet with our Executive Chairman or one of the other                       ONGOING
founders to better understand the Corporation’s business model and culture. New directors                         PRESENTATIONS
are also given an overview of the role and functioning of the Board and its Committees and
what is expected of them in their role as director. Finally, new Directors are also provided with
the opportunity to participate in a site tour.                                                                             +
Continuing education
The continuing education program for Directors is structured to broaden their knowledge of                      ANNUAL STRATEGIC
the Corporation and the industry and keep them up to date on company initiatives. These                            MEETING
initiatives include the following:
Newsfeeds: Directors receive newsfeeds on a regular basis from the executive group that keeps
them current and gives them a window into our extensive network of stores.
                                                                                                                           +
Ongoing presentations: Directors attend regular presentations on the main areas of the
Corporation’s business, financial matters, operations and overall industry. These presentations                 COMMITTEE SPECIFIC
include highlighting market conditions and trends that may impact the Corporation’s business                      PRESENTATIONS
and influence its growth strategy and worldwide outlook, key risks and opportunities. These
presentations are generally held during Board meetings and give directors an opportunity to
talk to executives and senior management.                                                                                  +



                                                                                                                                       41

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Annual strategic meeting: Directors also attend an annual strategic planning meeting, where
                                                                                                                         ANNUAL IN-DEPTH
they have the opportunity to review and discuss with senior management the Corporation’s                                    TRAINING
long-term strategic plan.
Committee specific presentations: at the committee level, continuing education topics are added
to committee agendas from time to time throughout the year. For example, invited outside                                             +
advisors provide regular updates on developments in corporate governance, tax legislation or
                                                                                                                       OTHER SEMINARS AND
executive compensation practices.
                                                                                                                           PROGRAMS

Annual in-depth session: Once a year, directors attend an in-depth session designed to increase their knowledge of the industry and
our business activities globally. External consultants are often invited to present, and sessions can include tours of international
operations and discussions of future business trends and issues.
Other seminars and programs: Directors are encouraged to attend seminars and educational programs offered by other
organizations, to suggest ideas for future programs and to share best practices they have observed at other boards.
Finally, Board members have full access to the Corporation’s executives and senior management, and the Board encourages
management to address the Board in those instances where a manager’s expertise and assistance can enhance the Board’s
understanding of a particular issue under its consideration.

In fiscal 2023, members of the Board participated in the following presentations and events:
Topic                                            Date                    Presenters                                                       Attendees
Presentation on enterprise risk management              April 27, 2022 Lisa Marino, Global Head, Risk Management and Internal Audit       All Directors
Presentation on IT strategy and digital update          April 27, 2022       Ed Dzadovsky, Executive Vice President, Chief Technology     All Directors
                                                                                                                               Officer
Presentation on fiscal 2023 strategy and macro          April 27, 2022           Brian Hannasch, President and CEO, and Bain Capital      All Directors
perspective
Orientation presentation for new Directors              June 16, 2022                                 Various Couche-Tard Executives     New Directors
Presentation on IT cyber security and risk          August 30, 2022          Ed Dzadovsky, Executive Vice President, Chief Technology     All Directors
                                                                                                                               Officer
Presentation on fuel market and trends              August 30, 2022                 Louise Warner, Senior Vice President, Global Fuels    All Directors

Visit of store sites in the United States        November 21, 2022                                    Various Couche-Tard Executives      All Directors
Presentation on Corporate Governance Trends         March 15, 2023         Valery Zamuner, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and     All Directors
                                                                                                                  Corporate Secretary
Presentation on IT cyber security and digital           April 26, 2023       Ed Dzadovsky, Executive Vice President, Chief Technology     All Directors
                                                                                                                               Officer


Retirement and term limits
There is no retirement age, and there are no term limits for serving as a director of the Corporation. On an ongoing basis, a balance
must be struck between ensuring that there are fresh ideas and viewpoints available to the Board while not losing the insight,
experience and other benefits of continuity contributed by longer serving Directors. The Board continues to believe that the annual
assessment process is an efficient and transparent way to evaluate directors and determine improvements to Board composition.
The annual director assessment provides strong motivation for directors to make sure they are adding value and making a
significant contribution to the Board and the Corporation. The Board has demonstrated the effectiveness of its approach as a
mechanism for Board renewal as the composition of Board has most recently changed at the annual meeting of Shareholders held
in 2019, 2020 and 2021.

Primary employment status change                                                                                      ANNUAL ASSESSMENTS
A director who makes a major change in his or her principal occupation shall inform the Board
for consideration if such director shall submit his or her resignation. It is not intended that the
                                                                                                                      BOARD RESPONSIBILITY
directors who retire or whose professional positions change should necessarily leave the
Board; rather, the Board believes it is appropriate in such circumstances to conduct a review,
with the assistance of the HRCG Committee, of the continued appropriateness of Board
membership under such circumstances.                                                                                                 +



                                                                                                                                                42

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Board, committee and director assessments
The Board has a formal assessment process for determining how well the Board, Board
                                                                                                         BOARD OPERATIONS
committees and individual directors are functioning. The process is completed yearly,
alternating between a written questionnaire and one-on-one interviews with each director.
The questionnaire goes out to all members of the Board and is completed anonymously. It
includes four categories of questions:
                                                                                                                    +
  ▪ Board responsibility – do directors have the tools and the time necessary to gain a good
     understanding of the Corporation and its strategy, operations and risks?
  ▪ Board operations – does the Board have the right mix of directors, and are meetings                 BOARD EFFECTIVENESS
     effective, mandates clear and reporting sufficient?
  ▪ Board effectiveness – do the directors communicate effectively with management and
     with each other?                                                                                               +
  ▪ committee assessment – are the committees appropriate, the directors who sit on them
     effective and the work they produce sufficient?
                                                                                                              COMMITTEE
The questionnaire also includes open-ended questions about areas the Board should be focusing on,
                                                                                                              ASSESSMENT
and where things should be improved. The Lead Director meets personally with a Board member if
there is a performance issue.

In alternate years, the Lead Director meets with each individual Board member in a one-on-one meeting and goes through the
questions personally. This approach gives rich feedback, which the Lead Director brings back to the committee, and will bring to the
full Board if there are things that need to be addressed.

Role and duties of our Board and its Committees

The role of the Board of Directors
The Board’s mandate, which was reviewed and adopted on June 29, 2020 and amended on June 28, 2022, sets out its responsibilities
in the following categories:
  ▪ strategy and budget;
  ▪ environmental, social and governance;
  ▪ talent and human resource management and compensation;
  ▪ risk management including cyber security risk, capital management and internal controls;
  ▪ communications; and
  ▪ financial reporting, auditors and transactions;
You will find the full text of the mandate in Appendix “B”.

1. Strategy and Budget
The Board is responsible for approving the Corporation’s strategic plan and priorities, as well as the Corporation’s annual operating
and capital budgets.
The President and CEO, working with the Executive Committee, develops the Corporation’s strategy and corporate objectives every
year, and presents them to the Board at an annual budget and strategic planning session. The Board reviews the plans with
management, makes adjustments considering opportunities and risks and our financial strategy, and approves the annual business
plan and our strategic plan and priorities. The Board also evaluates our operating and financial performance against the strategic
plan and budgets.
2. Governance and nomination of the Board
The Board is responsible for overall governance of the Corporation. This includes developing the Corporation’s approach to, and
disclosure of, corporate governance practices and procedures, as well as the development of a set of corporate governance
guidelines and principles specifically applicable to the Corporation. The HRCG Committee approves and recommends the
nomination of directors to the Board, while ensuring a majority of directors have no direct or indirect material relationship with the
Corporation and appropriate qualifications and criteria for the selection of Board members. The HRCG ensures independent and
effective functioning of the Board and individual directors, and defining the roles of the Lead Director, the Chairman of the Board
and the committee chairs. The Board approves the disclosure of material information, and promotes communication with our
shareholders, the media and the general public.



                                                                                                                                43

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
3. Oversight of Sustainability and ESG
With respect to Corporation's goals, strategies and commitments related to sustainability and ESG, the Board through the HRCG
Committee, oversees the Corporation’s commitment to sustainability and ESG, including the oversight of monitoring climate risks
and opportunities, human rights and human capital management and social impact, and diversity and inclusion. Through the HRCG
Committee, the Board monitors the Corporation's management of its environmental impact, including the longer-term
development of sustainable business practices and ESG priorities with management to ensure tangible metrics are put in place to
reward management for executing on its ESG and sustainability program and strategy. The Board further oversees the development
of ESG priorities with management through the review of the Corporation’s health, safety and well-being policies and practices; the
Corporation’s inclusion and diversity policies and initiatives; and the Corporation’s sustainability policies and practices. The Board
also oversees the Corporation’s strategy and reporting of environmental and social matters.
4. Talent and Human Resource Management and Compensation
The Board is responsible for making sure the Corporation is effectively managed. This includes appointing the President and CEO
and Executive Committee, evaluating their performance and approving their compensation. The Board, directly and through its
HRCG Committee, is responsible for overseeing the existence of appropriate mechanisms regarding succession planning for the
CEO and the senior management positions. It also includes making sure that a culture of integrity and diversity is built into every
level of the organization – from the directors on our Board to the people working at our retail locations around the world.
5. Risk Management, Capital Management and Internal Controls
The Board is responsible for identifying and assessing periodically the principal risks of the Corporation’s business, including cyber
security, and ensuring the implementation of appropriate systems to manage these risks. The Board is also responsible for,
ensuring the integrity of our internal controls and financial reporting systems, and overseeing how financial and other material
information is communicated to analysts and the public.
6. Communications
In conjunction with management, the Board is responsible for meeting with the Corporation’s shareholders at the annual meeting
and being available to respond to questions at that time. The Board also monitors investor relations programs and communications
with analysts, the media and the public; as well as reviews, approves and oversees the implementation of the Corporation’s
disclosure policy.
7. Financial Reporting, Auditors and Transactions
The Board is responsible for reviewing and approving, as required, the Corporation’s financial statements and related financial
information, appointing (including terms and review of engagement), subject to approval of shareholders, and removing the
Corporation's auditor, as well as reviewing and approving mergers and acquisition opportunities and financings.

Strategic planning and risk oversight
Two key matters for the board are strategy and risk. In this regard, the Board oversees the planning, progress against, and
achievement of the Corporation’s strategic objectives, with time set aside at each quarterly meeting to discuss and monitor
progress. Each year, the Board holds a special meeting to review and discuss with management the Corporation’s annual and long-
term strategic plans. These discussions include reviewing and analyzing the main risks facing the business, overall industry trends
and developments, and important strategic opportunities.
In terms of risk, the Board is responsible for overseeing the material risks of our business, and for ensuring that management has
effective risk management processes and mitigation strategies in place.
Management and the Board identify and prioritize risks in four categories using a systematic risk assessment process that considers
probability, impact and mitigation:
    •    strategic;
    •    financial;
    •    operational; and
    •    compliance.
The top risks are identified and mitigating actions are developed for each. Main risks identified during fiscal 2023 fall into the
following areas: decline in fuel demand, economic outlook, cyber threats, geopolitical risk, information technology systems, supply
chain vulnerability and disruption, staffing crisis and increasing labour costs and sustainability (including ESG risks).
Our internal auditor presents the results of the assessment to the Audit Committee and the Board for review and approval once a
year and presents an update for discussion. The results guide management and the Board in the strategic planning and budgeting
process. The management team takes ownership of the risks specific to their area and are responsible for developing and


                                                                                                                                44

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
implementing the controls to manage and re-assess risk. Each major risk is also assessed at different times in the year in depth at
the Board or Committee level.

In Camera sessions of independent Directors
To maintain independence from management, our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that independent Board members
meet at each quarterly and special Board meeting, without the presence of management and under the chairmanship of the Lead
Director. Similarly, each committee of the Board holds separate sessions without management present under the chairmanship of
its committee Chair at each quarterly and special committee meeting.




                                                                                                                             45

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
About our Board Committees

The Board has two committees that help it carry out its responsibilities.

   Audit Committee
     100% independent                              Members:                                        2023 meetings:
   100% financially literate                   Eric Boyko (chair)                           4 meetings – 100% attendance
                                              Marie-Josée Lamothe
                                               Monique F. Leroux
 The Audit Committee helps the Board oversee:
   ▪   the integrity of the Corporation’s financial reporting;
   ▪   the Corporation’s compliance with the requirements established by law and regulation;
   ▪   the independence, competence and appointment of the external auditors;
   ▪   the performance of internal and external auditors;
   ▪   management’s responsibilities with regard to internal controls;
   ▪   the risk management program, including cyber security risks; and
   ▪   oversight of environmental, social and governance financial reporting.

   In fiscal 2023, the Audit Committee, in accordance with its mandate and work plan, accomplished the following:

   Oversight of financial          ▪ recommended the annual and quarterly financial statements and related MD&A as well as
   reporting                         press releases to the Board for approval.
                                   ▪ conducted a review of disclosure controls and procedures including internal controls over
                                     financial reporting.
   Financial planning              ▪ conducted a review of the Corporation’s capital structure and utilization of cash and
                                     recommended to the Board the approval of an increase in the quarterly dividend, the renewal
                                     of the normal course issuer bid, several selective buy-backs, as well as a US commercial paper
                                     program.
                                   ▪ oversaw the Corporation’s insurance program.
                                   ▪ oversaw the Corporation’s strategic business plan.
                                   ▪ oversaw the Corporation’s Tax Governance Policy.
                                   ▪ oversaw investor relations activities.
   Financial risk management       ▪ oversaw risk management activities and results, and conducted a review of the key risks
   and disclosure controls           facing the Corporation.
   Oversight of Internal Audit
                                   ▪ conducted a review of the audit plan and monitored its quarterly and annual execution.
   and internal controls
   Oversight of external           ▪ conducted an evaluation of the performance of the external auditors and recommended their
   auditors                          reappointment.
   Risk management and             ▪ received quarterly reports on the Corporation's material litigation.
   cyber security                  ▪ oversaw cyber security protocols, quarterly reporting of significant cyber risk and mitigation
                                     strategies implemented by management. In June 2023, the Audit Committee Mandate was
                                     amended to reflect the responsibilities carried out by the Audit Committee with respect to
                                     cyber security.
                                   ▪ received report on supply chain risk management and quarterly fuel sourcing report
   Fraud oversight                 ▪ received quarterly financial whistleblowing reports.
   Oversight of                    ▪ assessed and oversaw the enhancement of environmental, social and governance reporting
   environmental, social and         practices along well-recognized standard frameworks, in particular by considering the scope
   governance reporting              of, and review of disclosures based on recommendations from the Task Force on Climate-
                                     related Financial Disclosure’s ("TCFD") and the IFRS Foundation as it relates to climate-
                                     reporting, governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets.




                                                                                                                              46

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
      Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
          100% independent                                   Members:                                               2023 meetings:
                                                         Mélanie Kau (chair)                                 5 meetings – 100% attendance
                                                                          (1)
                                                          Janice L. Fields
                                                             Louis Têtu
                                                         Daniel Rabinowicz
  The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee helps the Board fulfill its responsibilities related to:
   ▪ human resources;
   ▪ appointing directors and senior management;
   ▪ succession planning;
   ▪ sustainability strategy;
   ▪ compensation;
   ▪ safety and environmental processes and systems;
   ▪ environmental, social and corporate governance; and
   ▪ ethics.
      In fiscal 2023, the HRCG Committee, in accordance with its mandate and work plan, accomplished the following:
      Oversight of Human                  ▪ conducted a review of the Human Resource and Corporate Governance Committee work
      Resources and Corporate               plan for fiscal 2023-2024.
      Governance controls                 ▪ conducted a review of the mandates of the Board and the Committees and recommended
                                            for approval to the Board amendments to the mandates to broaden ESG oversight.
      Human Resources matters             ▪ conducted a review of the fiscal 2023 performance measures and weightings for the
                                            incentive plans.
                                          ▪ conducted a review of the Executive compensation program, including amendments to the
                                            Performance Share Unit program and Deferred Share Unit Plan.
                                          ▪ approved the annual incentive bonus payout.
                                          ▪ oversaw the Corporation’s retirement plans.
                                          ▪ conducted a review of the Employee Share Purchase Plan
                                          ▪ oversaw health and safety policies and practices.
                                          ▪ conducted a review of the sustainability strategy, including diversity initiatives.
      Organizational and                  ▪ conducted a review of Executive Committee succession planning.
      succession planning                 ▪ considered and approved the appointment of Alex Miller to Chief Operating Officer.
                                          ▪ received quarterly reports from the Chief People Officer on organizational matters, employee
                                            engagement and employee turnover.
      Composition and                     ▪ conducted a review of the competencies, skills and personal qualities required for Board
      performance of the Board              members.
      and Committees                      ▪ conducted a review of and recommended for approval to the Board of the Director
                                            compensation for Board and committee services.
                                          ▪ conducted a Board and committee assessment.
                                          ▪ considered and recommended for approval Board nominations for fiscal 2023.
      Director recruitment                ▪ continued to enhance the director education program by identifying education opportunities
      onboarding and education              at or in between scheduled Board and committee meetings that provide in-depth reviews of
                                            strategic/operational risks and activities.
      Regulatory and                      ▪   conducted a review of the 2023 Management Information Circular.
      compliance                          ▪   conducted a review of the Insider Trading Policy.
                                          ▪   conducted a review of the Clawback Policy.
                                          ▪   received regular reports with respect to Directors’ share ownership guidelines.
      Corporate governance                ▪   conducted a review of the Corporate Governance Guidelines.
      matters                             ▪   conducted a review of the Diversity Policy.
                                          ▪   conducted a review of corporate governance trends.




(1)
      Janice L. Fields was appointed to the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee effective June 28, 2022.


                                                                                                                                            47

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
   Environmental and social        ▪ oversaw the Corporation’s sustainability strategy.
   responsibility matters and      ▪ received reports with respect to measurable objectives on diversity.
   disclosures                     ▪ reviewed and assessed certain social responsibility objectives and initiatives of the
                                     Corporation with respect to diversity and inclusion, including a review of the Diversity policy.
                                   ▪ reviewed and provided input to the Board on the management of current and emerging
                                     sustainability matters affecting the Corporation.
                                   ▪ conducted a review and provided input to the annual Sustainability Report.
   Ethics and Compliance           ▪ oversaw whistleblowing calls.



Ethical business behaviour and Ethics Code of Conduct

Respect is at the heart of all that we do – our culture of honesty and openness drives our success. We believe in doing what we say
we will do, listening to others, and operating in a way that sustains the trust of our suppliers, partners, and customers. It has been a
key factor in how we have been able to acquire so many companies, and welcome many of their people into the Alimentation
Couche-Tard family. For us, honesty and trust are a common language that transcends our culture.
Respect for human rights is just as important to us. We show respect for all individuals and our workplaces are characterized by
equality and diversity, consistent with the relevant regulations where we do business. We do not accept any form of discrimination
of our employees, customers or anyone involved in our activities, and expect our suppliers and partners to act according to ethical
standards that are consistent with our values.




Ethics code of conduct
The Code reinforces the Corporation's commitment to maintaining high ethical standards in all of its operations and business
practices worldwide. In fiscal 2021, the Corporation fully revamped the Code in order to clarify the Corporation’s ethical
expectations and cover important topics such as integrity, confidentiality, protecting our property and assets, conflicts of interest,
fair treatment of clients, suppliers, competitors and employees, insider information and insider trading. It is truly meant to be a
guide that help us all make the right decisions. It is now available in a user-friendly and multilingual document. A copy of our Code is
available on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com) and on SEDAR (sedar.com).
In fiscal 2022, the Corporation conducted a Company-wide training program on the Code that reached over 100,000 employees,
provided either in-person or through an online interactive platform. This program was enhanced by several other training modules
(either in-person or online) on specific topics such as principals of competition law, anti-harassment and privacy, among others.
The Code applies to everyone at Alimentation Couche-Tard and its subsidiaries, and we expect consultants, intermediaries, lobbyists
and anyone who works on our behalf to comply with the Code. We ensure that everyone adheres to the Code by:
  ▪ giving new employees a copy of the Code when they are hired, requiring their signature;
  ▪ hosting management information sessions on bi-annual training;
  ▪ annual certification of the Code, for our non-store employees;
  ▪ investigating any incident or complaint in an objective and timely manner; and
  ▪ making timely corrective measures if and when required.
Everyone is responsible for reporting a suspected breach immediately to the employee’s supervisor, local Human Resources
department or local legal counsel. All reports are treated impartially and confidentially, and there will be no retaliation against
anyone who makes a report in good faith.
The HRCG Committee not only reviews the Code regularly to ensure its relevance with the most current ethical concerns, but it also
monitors compliance with the Code. It receives quarterly reports from the Senior Vice-President, General Counsel and Corporate
Secretary on the number and nature of complaints, how the complaints were handled, the results of any investigation and any
corrective action taken.




                                                                                                                                  48

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
ACT Hotline
The ACT Hotline is a worldwide communication platform, fostering transparency and                       REPORTING A BREACH
accountability and is available online at all times and in a multitude of linguistic options to         Suspected breaches of the
employees and customers everywhere the Corporation operates. The ACT Hotline offers an                  policy can be reported to an
anonymous reporting option where it is legal to do so, and provides tools ensuring                      employee’s supervisor, local
transparency and timeliness in the treatment of submitted concerns.                                     Human Resources or local
You can find out more about our Code and the ACT Hotline at:                                            Legal    Departments      or
https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/our-company/leadership-governance/ethics-and-                          through the ACT Hotline
compliance/.                                                                                            couchetard.ethicspoint.com

Whistleblower policy
In addition to monitoring compliance with the Code, the Board has adopted various policies and procedures which are updated on a
regular basis to reflect recent development and best practices. The Whistleblower Policy and Procedures which covers accounting and
auditing matters, corporate fraud, and internal accounting controls was last updated in fiscal 2021. This policy provides Couche-
Tard’s employees and external stakeholders with communications channels that will allow them to raise concerns in confidence,
and anonymously if desired, without fear of reprisals or retaliation of any kind. All directors, officers and employees are required to
understand this policy and comply with its terms.
The Audit Committee monitors compliance with the Whistleblower Policy. It receives quarterly reports from the Chief Financial
Officer (the “CFO”) on the number and nature of complaints, how the complaints were handled, the results of any investigation and
any corrective action taken. The Audit Committee is notified immediately if we have received a report that could have a material
impact on the Corporation.

Insider trading policy
In addition to its strict disclosure practices, the Corporation has adopted an Insider Trading Policy which is designed to prevent
improper trading in the Corporation’s securities and the improper communication of privileged or material information with respect
to the Corporation that has not been generally disclosed, including compliance with insider trading and tipping rules. Under the
policy, which was last amended in fiscal 2023, those who normally have access to material information that has not been generally
disclosed may only trade in the Corporation’s securities within prescribed periods. The policy also provides processes for the pre-
clearance of trades in the Couche-Tard’s securities and for reporting by the reporting insiders of the Corporation.

Anti-hedging policy
The Board believes that it is inappropriate for directors and executive officers to hedge or monetize transactions to lock in the value
of holdings in the securities of the Corporation (be it shares, DSUs or other forms of securities granted by the Corporation to
Directors or executive officers). Such transactions, while allowing the holder to own the Corporation’s securities without the full risks
and rewards of ownership, potentially separate the holder’s interests from those of other stakeholders and, particularly from the
Corporation’s shareholders.
In the Corporation’s Corporate Governance Guidelines the Board adopted an anti-hedging policy in fiscal 2021. As such, unless
otherwise previously expressly approved by the Board, no director or executive officer may, at any time, purchase financial
instruments, including prepaid variable forward contracts, instruments for the short sale or purchase or sale of call or put options,
equity swaps, collars, or units of exchangeable funds that are based on fluctuations of the Corporation’s securities and that are
designed to or that may reasonably be expected to have the effect of hedging or offsetting a decrease in the market value of any
securities of the Corporation.




                                                                                                                                   49

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Shareholder engagement and transparency
Continuous disclosure and disclosure practices
                                                                                                   DISCLOSURE PRACTICES
The Corporation is committed to providing material information to shareholders and the
                                                                                                   We expect all employees,
public in a timely, accurate and balanced way. The Corporation believes that through its annual
                                                                                                   including    all    executive
and ad hoc disclosure documents, including, among others, this Circular, the Corporation’s
                                                                                                   officers, to exercise the
financial statements and accompanying management’s discussion and analysis, annual
                                                                                                   highest standard of care in
information form, annual report, quarterly interim reports and conference calls, periodic press
                                                                                                   preparing business and
releases, as well as the Corporation’s website and sustainability report, it effectively
                                                                                                   financial        information,
communicates its commitment to not only meet but exceed governance standards, be they
                                                                                                   whether for internal or
imposed by legislation or encouraged as best practices. The Corporation is committed to
                                                                                                   external use.
providing timely, accurate, and balanced disclosure of material information consistent with
legal and regulatory requirements.
Besides the affirmation of this commitment in our Code, which also contains a no comment
policy, the Corporation has adopted a Public Disclosure Policy to provide guidelines with
respect to the dissemination and disclosure of information to the investment community and
Shareholders. The objectives of the Public Disclosure Policy seek to ensure that
communications are timely, accurate and broadly disseminated in accordance with applicable
legislation, and sound disclosure practices which maintain the confidence of the investment
community, including investors, in the integrity of the Corporation’s information.
Furthermore, the Corporation has mandated a Disclosure Committee with the responsibility to
set out procedures and controls for making sure our disclosure is accurate, complete and in
accordance with all applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. The Disclosure
Committee is composed of the CEO, the CFO, the General Counsel, the Controller and the Vice-
President of Investor Relations. Dissemination to the public of material information, both
financial and non-financial, which was previously undisclosed, must be reviewed and approved
in advance by the Disclosure Committee.

Communications and engagement with shareholders
                                                                                                   HOW TO CONTACT THE
Reaching out to stakeholders and listening to their opinion is an important value of the           BOARD
Corporation and is crucial in understanding our investors’ concerns and sentiment. The
                                                                                                   You can communicate
Corporation engages with shareholders through a variety of channels, including the
                                                                                                   directly with the Board by
Corporation’s website at https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/investors/, quarterly conference
                                                                                                   writing to:
calls and periodic investor day meetings or similar events.
                                                                                                   Alimentation Couche-Tard
The Corporation holds “investor days” or similar events (breakfasts, site visits, virtual
                                                                                                   Inc. c/o Executive Chairman
conferences, presentations by the Corporation’s senior officers, quarterly earnings and
                                                                                                   4204 Industriel Blvd.
acquisition-specific calls and other meetings, etc.) on a periodic basis at which management
                                                                                                   Laval, Québec H7L 0E3
can exchange with analysts, shareholders and other stakeholders of the Corporation. During
these meetings, management provides an update to analysts, shareholders and other                  Please mark your envelope
stakeholders on the Corporation’s operations, performance and outlook while making sure to         private and confidential.
respect its disclosure obligations and avoid any selective disclosure. These meetings also
provide analysts, shareholders and stakeholders with the opportunity to raise questions and
concerns to Management regarding the Corporation’s business and affairs. In fiscal 2023 we
met one-on-one with several of our major shareholders, which allowed us to provide context
about the Corporation, how we’re governed, and the decisions the Board and management
make.
Feedback from shareholders comes from one-on-one or group meetings, in addition to regular
interactions on specific questions between the Corporation’s investor relations department
and Shareholders. Investor relations conferences, and results conference calls are broadcasted
live through the website of the Corporation and materials from results, conference calls as well
as a transcript of the call are archived and available on the website of the Corporation at
https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/investors/.



                                                                                                                            50

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Say on Pay
The Corporation has adopted a “say on pay” policy, the purpose of which is to provide appropriate Director accountability to the
shareholders for the Board’s compensation decisions, by giving shareholders a formal opportunity on an annual basis to provide
their views on the disclosed objectives of the executive compensation plans of the Corporation and on the plans themselves. The
HRCG Committee carefully considers shareholder feedback on the Corporation’s executive compensation programs, and works to
continue the design and implementation of compensation programs that promote the creation of shareholder value and further
our executive compensation philosophy in a challenging economic environment.
As this is an advisory vote, the results are not binding upon the Board; however, the Board will take the results of the vote into
account, as appropriate, when considering future compensation policies, procedures, and decisions and in determining whether
there is a need to significantly increase their engagement with shareholders on compensation and related matters. The Corporation
discloses the results of the shareholder non-binding advisory vote as part of its report on voting results and related press release to
be posted on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The Board discloses to shareholders, no later than in the management information circular
for its next annual meeting, the changes to the compensation plans made or to be made (or why no such changes were made) by
the Board as a result of its engagement with shareholders. In the event that a significant number of shareholders oppose the
resolution, the Board will consult with its shareholders, particularly those who are known to have voted against it, in order to
understand their concerns and will review the Corporation’s approach to compensation in the context of those concerns.
Shareholders who have voted against the resolution will be encouraged to contact the Board to discuss their specific concerns.
At the 2022 annual meeting of Shareholders held on August 31, 2022, the non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation
received Shareholder support with 89.65% of affirmative votes. The Board and the HRCG Committee greatly value the Shareholder
feedback on executive compensation and, after considering the 2022 results, worked to continue the design and implementation of
compensation programs that promote the creation of Shareholder value and align the interests of executive officers with those of
Shareholders.

Human capital management

Oversight of human capital management
The HRCG Committee has oversight responsibility to review the Corporation’s health, safety and well-being, and inclusion and
diversity policies, practices and initiatives and to review the succession plans relating to the positions of CEO and other executive
offices. To this end, the HRCG Committee receives regular reports from the Chief People Officer (“CPO”) on topics such as inclusion
and diversity programs and initiatives, talent management and succession planning process, health and safety and well-being
programs, as well as any employee engagement activities.

As a testament to this commitment, the Corporation was named to Forbes’ 2021 list of the ‘’World’s Best Employers.” The
Corporation stood out as the only Canadian retailer among the 750 companies recognized worldwide. The Corporation also
received the 2023 Gallup Exceptional Workplace Award, which recognizes the world’s most engaged workplace cultures. It is the
second year in a row that the Corporation received this award.

Leadership, diversity and succession
We encourage diversity at all levels of our organization – from the retail store to the Board of Directors – and believe that being able
to draw on a wide range of viewpoints, backgrounds, skills and experience is critical to our success, particularly in an increasingly
complex global marketplace.
Having an employee base that reflects the communities where we work is also a competitive advantage, because it helps us
understand and serve our diverse customer base more effectively. Diversity is also an important part of good governance and key
to a well-functioning Board and an effective executive management team.
As a statement of this commitment, the Corporation’s President and CEO, Mr. Hannasch, joined in March 2020 the CEO ACTION
pledge – a growing coalition pledging to advance diversity and inclusion within the workplace – positioning Couche-Tard to become
the first convenience store retailer to join this action for diversity and inclusion. To that end, we have established a framework for
meaningful action, consisting of voluntary employee-led groups (Business Resource Groups or BRGs) to focus on Ethnicity & Culture,
Disabilities Inclusion and LGBTQ+ matters and that support the fostering of a diverse and inclusive workplace.




                                                                                                                                  51

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
An inclusive workplace
The Corporation recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and                 AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
executive team and sees this as a competitive advantage. To the effect, the Corporation has        EMPLOYER
adopted a formal Diversity Policy setting forth guidelines for promoting diversity and inclusion   We support the spirit and
throughout the organization. While all director and executive appointments are based on            intent of human rights and
merit, the Board expects that when selecting candidates, a wide range of criteria are              anti-discrimination laws, and
considered, to ensure that these bodies, as a whole, reflect a range of viewpoints,                promote a culture of
backgrounds, educational levels, skills, work experience and expertise. You can read more          acceptance and respect,
specifically about Board diversity on page 41.                                                     regardless of race, color,
We have a large global workforce that spans many cultures, backgrounds and languages. In           gender, sexual orientation,
addition to our Diversity Policy, we have several initiatives and policies that promote an         marital status, religion,
inclusive and respectful workforce, including:                                                     political affiliation,
  ▪ cross-cultural training;                                                                       nationality, ethnic
  ▪ accommodating religious attire according to local practice;                                    background, social origin,
  ▪ improving our compliance with Americans with Disabilities Act standards; and                   age or disability or any other
  ▪ an ageless workplace strategy that is relevant to at least four generations.                   legally protected
                                                                                                   characteristic.
We are committed to developing more women, culturally diverse individuals and millennial
leaders, so our leadership team is a clearer reflection of our customer and employee base. We      You can read more in our
try to promote from within and recognize that we can only reach our leadership goals if we are     Ethics code of conduct, which
committed to thinking about diversity in the hiring process at all levels of the organization.     you can find on our website.

We have invested in our millennial workforce, adapting to their unique needs, and fostered
engagement with our employees at every level of the organization.
We recognize autonomy, acknowledge empowerment and emphasize leadership and the
opportunities to grow with the Corporation. We strongly encourage our teams to stand out
and become leaders, because we believe that our strength lies in the growth and development
of our employees.

Women in leadership
                                                                                                   WOMEN IN EXECUTIVE AND
In fiscal 2023, seven of the eighteen people (39%) on our executive leadership team were
                                                                                                   MANAGERIAL ROLES
women, and as part of our succession strategy, we have identified seven women of twenty-six
people (27%) who we believe have the potential to become executives. The number of women           (as at April 30, 2023)

in executive roles and other areas of the Corporation can be linked to various initiatives                                  Women
including an executive session on diversity in the talent and succession review, tracking and      Executives               39%
                                                                                                   Vice Presidents          21%
reporting progress on diversity goals, and the development of our Diversity Policy.
                                                                                                   Heads of (i.e.: Senior   23%
Nevertheless, we continue to work with our human resources directors around the world to           Directors)
make sure we are developing a talent pipeline that will lead to a more representative balance      Directors                32%
between men and women in leadership roles. The number of female directors and above is             Office managers          40%
now over 30%, with an ambition of 35% by 2025.                                                     Market managers          46%
In fiscal 2023 we continued to celebrate our many Top Women in Convenience through the             Store managers           71%
Couche-Tard’s Women’s Council, a business resource group with the mission of creating
winning conditions for women within the Corporation. The Women’s Council is part of Couche-
Tard’s Board of Directors’ commitment to diversity and inclusion and to taking measurable
actions promoting a workplace where a broad spectrum of perspectives and experiences are
welcomed and respected. The Women’s Council’s work includes bringing the “Together we
make a difference” pledge to the corporation, introducing the first training modules on
Unconscious Bias as well creating career development workshops in Couche-Tard’s global
offices and stores.
Succession planning
The Board recognizes that effective succession planning for the President and CEO and executive management ensures continuity
of executive management. The HRCG Committee is responsible for making sure we have executive succession planning and
performance evaluation programs and processes (including development and career planning), and that these are operating
effectively. The Committee also oversees planning when a change to the organization’s structure has an impact on executive roles.


                                                                                                                                    52

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Working with the President and CEO as well as the CPO, the Committee reviews our company-wide succession planning process
once a year. The talent and succession process starts at the business unit level with local vice-presidents and local human resources
directors’ review of talent and succession candidates, including nominating candidates for vice-president and functional leadership
roles. After rounds of regional coordination, the executive leadership team performs a company-wide review led by the CPO. The
results from the Corporation wide review, the President and CEO and CPO’s considerations for senior executive succession are
presented to the HRCG Committee annually. The HRCG Committee is responsible for the President and CEO succession review, and
choice of President and CEO succession candidates. The development of the President and CEO succession candidates occurs in
collaboration with the CPO and the Committee reviews such process on a semi-annual basis.
The HRCG Committee has a contingency plan to ensure an orderly process in the event something unexpected happens to a
member of the executive management team.

Health, safety and well-being
Our worldwide community of people are at the heart of our business. It is their commitment, safety, motivation and talent that have
made us a successful convenience store operator. We care about our people and take their safety and well-being very seriously. We
continuously work to improve our policies, programs and tools to ensure all our employees and customers feel safe, secure,
included, engaged and respected. Workplace safety is one of our key priorities. We worked to develop a global Health, Safety and
Environment strategy and equip ourselves with better tools to reduce workplace safety incidents. Across our organization, we’ve
also strengthened many of our training programs so that employees are better able to recognize and prevent safety risks. We have
set the target to achieve zero harm for our people, customers, employees and suppliers by 2030 and decrease robberies and
recordable work-related injuries by 50% by 2025.




                                                                                                                               53

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) focus, oversight and reporting
                                                                                                      OUR SUSTAINABILITY
Since 2019, we have been on a sustainability journey towards providing greater transparency
                                                                                                      REPORT
and engagement on our efforts and our desire to contribute to a cleaner and safer future while
                                                                                                      You can read more about
creating value for all our stakeholders. In 2020, we created a more defined framework and
                                                                                                      our key areas of focus, why
strengthened how we incorporate sustainability in our way of thinking and decision-making,
                                                                                                      they’re important, and our
making it now a lens to our business and pushing forward our commitment to actionable
                                                                                                      progress this year in our
results based on stakeholder perspectives, conversations with investors and interviews with
                                                                                                      2023 Sustainability Report,
business leaders. In fiscal 2021, we launched our new Sustainability Framework, guided by the
                                                                                                      which is available on our
three core pillars of “People”, “Planet” and “Prosperity”, which puts even greater focus on
                                                                                                      website.
including our stakeholders. Our identified stakeholders are customers, employees, suppliers,
NGOs, communities and governments, as well as investors.
In the beginning of fiscal 2023 we published our inaugural report based on the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures ("TCFD"). We recognize and fully support the global call to action to address climate change. As a
convenience and mobility retailer, we acknowledge our role and the opportunity to contribute to a more sustainable future.

In February 2023, the Corporation was for the second year, recognized as a 2023 top-rated environmental, social and corporate
governance ("ESG") performer by Sustainalytics, a leading independent global ESG rating agency.




Board oversight of ESG
Our sustainability work is headed by our Board of Directors, which oversees targets, programs, risks, performance, and reporting.
Our Chief People Officer and leader of the Corporation's sustainability efforts, is responsible for the sustainability strategy,
initiatives and assessing performance and works with the Sustainability Core team to implement the sustainability strategy. In
fiscal 2023, the Board of Directors Charter was updated to enhance its oversight of ESG, specifically to: review, approve and monitor
the Corporation's goals, strategies and commitments related to sustainability and ESG, including climate risks and opportunities,
human rights and human capital management, community and social impact, diversity and inclusion.

ESG Reporting
The Corporation uses recognized frameworks to communicate ESG performance to stakeholders. These frameworks also support
the Corporation’s constant efforts to evaluate, monitor and improve its ESG strategies. For example, the Corporation prepares its
annual Sustainability Report in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Standards and the Sustainability
Accounting Standards Board. An index of our alignment with the GRI and SASB Standards is available at: corpo.couche-tard.com/en/
sustainability.




                                                                                                                               54

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Letter from the Chair of the Human Resources and
Corporate Governance Committee
Dear shareholders,

On behalf of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee and the
Board of Directors, we are pleased to share Alimentation Couche-Tard’s fiscal 2023
Compensation Discussion and Analysis. We wish to reaffirm our commitment to
transparent and well-governed executive compensation practices by ensuring the
program remains aligned with your interests. Our compensation practices' aims are to
attract and retain top talent to enable the execution of the Corporation's strategic
goals with a view to increasing shareholder value.
Alimentation Couche-Tard’s performance in fiscal 2023
We are extremely proud of the Corporation's successful achievement of our ambitious five-year "Double Again" goals despite facing
unprecedented headwinds in the past three years on the geopolitical and economic fronts, and the impacts of the global pandemic.
Not only did we achieve our targets, but we also continue to enjoy strong employee engagement at all levels of the Corporation and
have delivered consistent value to our customers. In addition, we maintained cost discipline across our operations, and delivered
growth through strategic acquisitions during the last leg of our five-year "Double Again" strategy.
Impact of performance on fiscal 2023 pay outcomes
In fiscal 2023, the NEO’s short-term incentives were, as in previous years, 75% based upon the achievement of a company-wide
financial target (net income), and 25% based upon the achievement of individual KRAs. Net earnings of US $3.1 billion resulted in an
impressive achievement of 110.81% of the company-wide financial target. Since our short-term incentive program provides a sliding
scale for our company-wide financial target from zero to 250%, the 110.81% achievement translated to a 133.0% payout of the
company-wide financial component.
With respect to the individual component, the NEOs were each assigned five or six key result areas. The attainment of the individual
components averaged 85.46% for the NEOs, reflecting a solid performance for individual KRAs. All our executives have KRAs that
include elements relating to our ESG ambitions.
Fiscal 2023 newly created executive position and CFO transition
In fiscal 2023, the HRCG Committee oversaw process and thinking that supported the creation of a new position, that of Chief
Operating Officer (the "COO"). We believe that this new role will provide the Corporation with the necessary levers and tools to
create value within our store networks across North America, Europe and Asia, thereby underscoring the customer centric thinking
that supports much of what we do. The nomination and onboarding of Filipe Da Silva as our CFO effective July 1, 2023 is a testament
of sound succession planning and oversight by the HRCG Committee.
Reaffirmed focus on ESG
In fiscal 2023, the HRCG Committee reaffirmed the importance of ESG as an element of executive compensation. ESG remains an
integral part of our long-term business strategy and has become a key element of our success. The HRCG Committee oversees and
monitors the execution of the ESG goals in the determination of short-term compensation awards. We remain committed to view
diversity beyond the mere notion of gender, and include other components (such as sexual orientation, age, disability, marital or
civil partnership status, ethnic origin, nationality, and religious beliefs) as part of both the Board and management's recruitment and
selection protocols so as to ensure that diversity in its broadest sense remains part of every search.
We continue to champion various initiatives and we believe that these concrete actions are playing an important role in the growth
of the Corporation's diversity journey. The representation of women on the executive leadership team increased from 29% to 39%
in fiscal 2023, representing seven of the eighteen people on our executive leadership team. In terms of our pipeline of future
leaders, seven of the twenty-six (27%) people that we believe have the potential to become executives, are women.
Building on the year-over-year success of our annual Gallup employee engagement survey (myVOICE), we are proud to report an
overall increase in the myVOICE employee engagement score globally, moving up from 4.23 in March 2022 to 4.28 in March 2023 on
a 5-point scale. This brings us to the 91ˢᵗ percentile in Gallup’s very competitive company database, where we compound our
position as a top quartile company for employee engagement.



                                                                                                                                 55

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
The Corporation's continuous efforts to cultivate a company culture that favours engagement was rewarded once again this year
with the 2023 Gallup Exceptional Workplace Award, another recognition of the sustained efforts being made.
As the Corporation embarks on the next leg of its strategic journey, we believe our executive compensation programs continue to
strike the right balance between rewarding short- and long-term performance appropriately, while ensuring competitive
compensation in relation to outside benchmarks and shareholder interests and expectations.

It is therefore with confidence that we encourage our shareholders to review the information provided on our compensation
program, including the components of executive pay and the individual awards for each executive officer described in the following
sections of this Circular.
We respectfully ask you to cast your vote in favour of our annual Say-on-Pay proposal in the hope that you agree that our
compensation proposals link executive pay to Company performance and align these programs with the interests of our
shareholders.
Sincerely,
(s) Mélanie Kau
Mélanie Kau
Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee




                                                                                                                            56

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
2023 Performance

Despite the numerous challenges faced by the industry during fiscal 2023, including a persistently high inflation, difficult labour
market as well as supply chain disruptions, the Corporation has achieved a strong operational and financial performance in fiscal
2023. In addition, fiscal 2023 marked the achievement of the Corporation's five-year "Double Again" strategy, despite the impacts of
a global pandemic and extraordinary geopolitical and economic conditions over the past three years. Management remained
focused on cost discipline and effective execution across our operations, allowing us to deliver excellent financial results with a
continuous focus on the Corporation's growth pillars, including the completion of strategic acquisitions in the U.S., Canada and
Europe.

Our performance, both operationally and financially, was notable with net earnings amounting to US$3.1 billion for fiscal 2023,
compared with US$2.7 billion for fiscal 2022 - with an increase of US$407.6 million, mainly attributable to higher road transportation
                                                                                                    rd
fuel gross profit, organic growth in our convenience operations as well as to the impact of the 53 week in fiscal 2023, partly offset
by higher expenses as well as by the translation of our foreign currency operations into US dollars. Diluted net earnings per share
stood at US$3.06, compared with US$2.52 for the previous year.

                                                                                  (53-week period)      (52-week period)
                                                                                             2023                  2022
                      Net earnings ($US millions)                                       $3,090.9             $2,683.3
                      Merchandise and service revenues growth                             +4.1%                 +4.6%
                                                                     (1)
                      Merchandise and service gross profit growth                         +4.9%                 +6.5%
                      Road transportation fuel revenues growth                           +17.8%               +54.2%
                                                                 (1)
                      Road transportation fuel gross profit growth                       +15.1%               +12.4%
                                                    (1)
                      Return on capital employed                                          17.5%                 15.4%
                      (1) For additional information on the performance measures not defined by IFRS, please refer to
                      "Appendix E - Non-IFRS measures".

For more information about Couche-Tard’s performance, we invite you to review the Corporation’s annual audited consolidated
financial statements and MD&A for the year ended April 30, 2023 and which are available on the Corporation’s website at
www.corpo.couche-tard.com and on SEDAR at www.sedar.com.




                                                                                                                                57

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Our 2023 Named Executive Officers

Below is a description of each of the individuals who form our current named executive officer team, which includes our Founder and
Executive Chairman, our President and Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer, our Chief Operating Officer and our Chief
Growth Officer (the “Named Executive Officers”). Detailed information regarding the compensation awarded to our Named
Executive Officers is found in the section titled “Key Compensation Table” in the summary compensation table.

                                Alain Bouchard, O.C., O.Q.
                                Founder and Executive Chairman
                                Meets equity ownership requirement




Alain Bouchard has served as the Executive Chairman of Alimentation Couche-Tard since 2014, when he stepped down after 25 years as
President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Bouchard opened his first convenience store in Québec in 1980 and founded the companies that
grew into Alimentation Couche-Tard. He has over 45 years of experience in the retail industry and worked with his closest collaborators
and all staff members to build Alimentation Couche-Tard into the business it is today. He is a member of the Board of Directors of CGI Inc.
since 2013.
Mr. Bouchard is a Member of the Order of Canada and an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec. He also has an honorary doctorate in
Consumer Sciences from Université Laval in Québec City and an honorary doctorate in Laws from McGill University in Montréal. Mr.
Bouchard has received many distinguished awards for business excellence and his outstanding professional achievements, including:
     ▪ Companion of the Order of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame
     ▪ Cercle des Grands entrepreneurs du Québec, a prestigious distinction awarded to exceptional entrepreneurs whose achievements,
       ideals and commitment have contributed to Québec’s entrepreneurial vitality and economic development (February 2018)
     ▪ International Horatio Alger Award, which recognizes people who have persevered through challenges to become successful
       entrepreneurs and community leaders, from the Horatio Alger Association (March 2017)
     ▪ Grand bâtisseur de l’économie du Québec from the Institute for governance (2014)
     ▪ T. Patrick Boyle Founder’s award from the Fraser Institute (2014)
     ▪ NACS Insight International Convenience Leader of the year (2014)

Mr. Bouchard has been involved in an impressive number of fundraising campaigns and philanthropic activities. He and his wife
established the Sandra and Alain Bouchard Foundation in 2012, which supports various causes associated with people living with
intellectual disabilities as well as artistic and cultural projects. In 2015, Mr. Bouchard and his wife were named Exceptional philanthropist of
the year by the Québec Chapter of the Association of Fundraising Professionals.




                                                                                                                                           58

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                                Brian Hannasch
                                President and Chief Executive Officer
                                Meets equity ownership requirement




Brian Hannasch is President and Chief Executive Officer of Alimentation Couche-Tard since 2014 and served as its Chief Operating Officer
from 2010 to 2014. Under his leadership, the Corporation has grown to be the largest company in Canada in terms of revenue and one of
the largest convenience store groups in the world.
He joined the Corporation in 2001 and during his 22 years with Alimentation Couche-Tard, he has also served as, Senior Vice-President,
U.S. Operations (2008 to 2010), Senior Vice President, Western North America (2004 to 2008), Vice-President, Integration (2003 to 2004),
and Vice President Operations, U.S. Midwest (2001 to 2003), where he was responsible for all aspects of U.S. operations.

Mr. Hannasch was Vice President of Operations (2000 to 2001) for Bigfoot Food Stores LLC, a 225-unit convenience store chain in the U.S.
Midwest acquired by Alimentation Couche-Tard in 2001. Prior to that, he was at BP Amoco (1989 to 2000), and held various positions of
increasing responsibility including Vice-President of Marketing for the U.S. Midwest Business Unit.

In 2022, Mr. Hannasch was inducted into the Convenience Store News Hall of Fame. Mr. Hannasch was named 2021 Retail Leader of the
Year by Winsight Media and 2019 Retailer Executive of the Year by Convenience Store News’ blue-chip panel of c-store industry leaders. He
was also named CEO of the year by The Globe and Mail in 2016. He has been a member of the board of directors of the Association for
Convenience & Fuel Retailing (NACS) since 2016 and a member of the board of directors of AutoZone, Inc. since February 2022.

Mr. Hannasch lives in Columbus, Indiana, United States. He has a Master of Business Administration in marketing and finance from the
University of Chicago and a Bachelor of Arts in finance from Iowa State University.


                                Claude Tessier
                                Chief Financial Officer
                                Meets equity ownership requirement




Claude Tessier, CPA, joined Alimentation Couche-Tard as Chief Financial Officer on January 28, 2016 and stepped down from this position
on July 1, 2023. Filipe Da Silva was appointed as Chief Financial Officer on July 1, 2023, to succeed him. Prior to joining Couche-Tard, Mr.
Tessier held the position of President of the IGA Operations Business Unit at Sobeys Inc. from 2012 to 2016 and was a member of Sobeys
Inc. Executive Committee.
Mr. Tessier joined the management team of Sobeys Quebec Inc. in 2003 as Senior Vice President, Finance & Strategic Planning. Mr. Tessier
has spent most of his professional career in the Food industry after serving in several finance positions. Prior to his position with Sobeys
Inc., Mr. Tessier gained more than 15 years of experience in senior financial leadership positions with Fly Furniture, Provigo and Costco,
including in CFO and Vice President roles. He has also held management positions with Mallette International and
PricewaterhouseCoopers (formerly Coopers & Lybrand).

Mr. Tessier currently serves on the boards of the TMX Group Limited, since September 2020, where he is a member of its Derivative
Committee, its MX Self-Regulatory Oversight Committee, and is Chairman of the Finance and Audit Committee, and Hydro Quebec, since
August 2022, where he is a member of its Audit Committee. He is also Chairman of the Circle K AS Board of Directors, the European
division operating Statoil Fuel & Retail ASA, the retail gasoline filling stations. He also serves on the board of the Maison de la Sérénité de
Laval, a center providing free of charge quality palliative care, and participates, on a yearly basis, in its fundraising campaign.
Mr. Tessier holds a Bachelor of Accounting degree from the Université du Québec à Montréal (1986) and has been a member of the
Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountants since 1987.


                                                                                                                                           59

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                               Alex Miller
                               Chief Operating Officer
                               Meets equity ownership requirement




Alex Miller was appointed Chief Operating Officer in January 2023, after occupying the position of Executive Vice-President, Operations,
North America, and Global Optimization since March 2021. Previously, Mr. Miller held the positions of Executive Vice President,
Commercial Optimization since May 2019, Senior Vice-President, Operations and Global Fuels since December 2017, Senior Vice-
President, Global Fuels since November 2016, and Vice-President, Fuels since October 2012. Mr. Miller joined Couche-Tard as Director of
Fuels, Real Estate and Facilities in 2012. Prior to that, he was with BP Plc. for 16 years in a variety of operational, supply, business
development, and strategy roles in the US and Europe.
Mr. Miller holds a BS in Business Management from Southern Illinois University.



                               Kevin Lewis
                               Chief Growth Officer
                               Meets equity ownership requirement




Kevin Lewis was appointed Chief Growth Officer in January 2023, after occupying the position of Chief Marketing Officer since joining
Couche-Tard in July 2017. Mr. Lewis’ primary focus is transforming Couche-Tard’s customer experience while leading the marketing,
customer experience, analytics, and innovation teams.
Mr. Lewis has held multiple executive roles in digital and physical retail and technology companies across the globe. He previously held
the position of Chief Marketing Officer at Total Wine & More. Previously, Mr. Lewis ran the digital, kiosk and subscription businesses while
Senior Vice-President of Digital at Blockbuster Entertainment. From 2004 to 2008, Kevin was a member of the executive committee and
Chief of Strategy and New Business for Philips Consumer Lifestyle, a division of Royal Philips Electronics. Earlier in his career, Mr. Lewis
held multiple leadership positions during a ten-year career at the Boston Consulting Group focusing on CPG, retail and technology clients
worldwide. Mr. Lewis holds a Bachelor’s degree in International Relations from Stanford University and an MBA (with Distinction) from
INSEAD.




                                                                                                                                        60

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Executive 2023 Compensation at a Glance and Performance

Our compensation program is designed to drive short and long-term business performance and appreciation in our
share price, which creates value for our shareholders. The compensation policies for executives are intended to
adequately compensate their services while establishing a correlation between their compensation and the
Corporation’s financial performance.




The table below is a summary of total direct compensation (base salary, short-term incentive and long-term incentives)
granted to our named executive officers (each a “NEO”) for 2023 performance. You can read about each compensation
component in more detail beginning on page 66.

                                                                                       Long-term incentives

                                                                                                                   Fiscal 2023                %               %
                                                         Annual       Share             Stock        Special             direct      at risk for     at risk for
                                               (1)            (2)        (3),(4)            (5)           (6)                                 (7)
                                         Salary      incentive      units           options         bonus       compensation      fiscal 2023       fiscal 2022
 Alain Bouchard                       $1,470,059      $909,599 $2,793,061          $3,101,825             —        $8,274,544              70%             63%
 Founder and Executive Chairman
 Brian Hannasch                       $2,022,293     $3,444,421 $7,767,838         $2,309,222     $2,475,792      $18,019,566              74%             67%
 President and Chief Executive
 Officer
 Claude Tessier                         $707,063      $683,206 $1,484,812           $388,884       $857,278        $4,121,243              70%             57%
 Chief Financial Officer
 Alex Miller                            $965,564      $927,716 $1,978,645           $500,683      $1,254,293       $5,626,901              71%             61%
 Chief Operating Officer
 Kevin Lewis                            $818,473      $796,520      $806,073        $194,709      $1,004,431       $3,620,206              70%             52%
 Chief Growth Officer

(1)   Mr. Miller's annual base salary was increased from $956,664 to $1,062,960 effective January 2, 2023 following his nomination to Chief Operating
      Officer. Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis are paid in U.S. dollars. Their compensation has been converted into Canadian dollars using the average
      exchange rate of 1.3287 for fiscal 2023.
(2)   Amounts include the fair value of the Matching DSUs on the grant date, calculated using the weighted average price of the Shares on the TSX for the
      five days prior to the grant.
(3)   Share units are composed at 65% of PSUs and at 35% of either RSUs or DSUs at the election of each NEO. PSUs are performance based (see page 65
      for details about the NEOs’ long-term incentives).
(4)   Share units are awarded based on the weighted average trading price of Class A Shares on the TSX for the five days immediately preceding the grant
      date.
(5)   Amounts represent the fair value of the stock option awards on the grant date, calculated using the Black-Scholes model.
(6)   Special bonus payout earned for the successful completion of the five-year "Double Again" strategic plan. Mr. Bouchard was not eligible to receive
      this special bonus.
(7)   The at-risk compensation is composed of the annual incentive, special bonus, the stock options, and the PSUs (as such term is defined at page 65).




                                                                                                                                                              61

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Share performance and executive pay
Our shares have performed well over the past several years, outperforming the market and delivering strong returns to
shareholders. The graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return of $100 invested in our Common Shares, formerly
Class A Shares and Class B Shares (that ceased trading on December 7, 2021), at the end of fiscal 2018 with the cumulative total
shareholder return of the S&P/TSX Composite Index over the same period and assumes reinvestment of dividends.


                                                        Comparison of the Corporation Total Return with S&P Indices
                                              Common Shares, formerly Class A Shares             Class B Shares       S&P/TSX Composite Index

                               $240.00

                               $220.00

                               $200.00

                               $180.00

                               $160.00

                               $140.00

                               $120.00

                               $100.00

                                $80.00
                                             April 2018         April 2019         April 2020           April 2021    April 2022        April 2023



                                                                April 2018        April 2019          April 2020     April 2021       April 2022               April 2023
                                                  (1)
 Common Shares, formerly Class A Shares                            $100.00             $138.46            $142.50         $146.59       $198.52                     $236.94
                                                                                                                                                     (2)                             (2)
 Class B Shares                                                    $100.00             $138.11            $141.07         $145.93               —                                —

 S&P/TSX Composite Index                                           $100.00             $106.03             $92.03         $121.91       $135.21                     $131.70
(1)
    Class A Shares ceased to trade on the TSX effective September 1, 2022 and Common Shares commenced trading on the TSX effective September 1, 2022
as part of the Conversion Event.
(2)
    Class B Shares ceased to trade on the TSX effective December 7, 2021.

The above performance graph and table show both a strong increase in the Corporation’s total shareholder return, as well as a
solid performance by the Corporation.

Cost of management
                                                                                                                                                           1
The graph below shows Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and impairment ("EBITDA") and total direct
                                                                                                                      1
compensation granted to our NEOs over the past five years as a percentage of EBITDA to show the cost of management over the
                                                                                                           1
same period. Our cost of management has averaged less than 1% of EBITDA over the five-year period.


                                                                   COST OF MANAGEMENT
                             6000                                                                                                                     5%

                                                                                                                                                              Total direct
                             5000                                                                                                                     4%
              EBITDA (USD$
                             4000
                                                                                                                                                           compensation as a %
                                                                                                                                                      3%
                             3000
                millions)
                                                                                                                                                      2%
                             2000
                                                                                                                                                               of EBITDA
                             1000                                                                                                                     1%
                                0                                                                                                                     0%
                                         Fiscal 2019          Fiscal 2020          Fiscal 2021              Fiscal 2022       Fiscal 2023

                                             EBITDA (USD$ millions)                    Total NEO direct compensation as a % of EBITDA



1
    For additional information on the performance measures not defined by IFRS, please refer to "Appendix E - Non-IFRS measures".



                                                                                                                                                                                      62

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                                                                       Fiscal 2019       Fiscal 2020         Fiscal 2021                Fiscal 2022                              Fiscal 2023
            (1)
 EBITDA           (USD$ millions)                                           $3,583            $4,525               $5,061                                        $5,244               $5,762
                                                                                                                            (2)
 Total direct compensation granted to NEOs (in USD)                    $14,762,201       $19,558,926         $18,641,935                $19,688,683                              $29,850,576
                                                         (1)
 Total direct compensation as a % of EBITDA                                   0.4%              0.4%                0.4%                                                  0.4%          0.5%
(1)
      For additional information on the performance measures not defined by IFRS, please refer to "Appendix E - Non-IFRS measures".
(2)
      For the fiscal year ended April 25, 2021, this amount represents actual compensation paid to the NEOs after COVID-19 related reductions.

Total direct compensation includes base salary, the short-term incentive, long-term incentive, the "Double Again" special bonus, and
the value of the share units awards on the grant date multiplied by the volume weighted average trading price for Shares on the TSX
during the five trading days immediately before the grant date, and the grant values of stock option awards beginning in fiscal 2015.
As our financial results are reported in USD, the above values are all expressed in USD. Compensation granted to Messrs. Bouchard
and Tessier has been converted into USD using the average exchange rates for each fiscal year: 0.7526 (2023), 0.7978 (2022), 0.7630
(2021), 0.7494 (2020), 0.7595 (2019).

Trend in Compensation
The following graph illustrates the relationship between the aggregate total direct compensation paid to all NEOs relative to the
Corporation’s cumulative total shareholder return of $100 invested in our Common Shares, formerly Class A Shares and Class B
Shares (that ceased trading on December 7, 2021) since fiscal 2018. It should be noted that this graph does not illustrate the
compensation earned by our current NEOs between years 2018 and 2023, but rather the compensation awarded to the executive
officers mentioned in each of the Corporation’s management proxy circulars of years 2018 to 2023.


                                                  $240                                                                     $45,000,000




                                                                                                                                          Total NEO direct compensation
                                                  $220                                                                     $40,000,000
                                                  $200
                                                  $180                                                                     $35,000,000
                                                  $160                                                                     $30,000,000



                                    Share value
                                                  $140                                                                     $25,000,000
                                                  $120
                                                  $100                                                                     $20,000,000
                                                   $80                                                                     $15,000,000
                                                   $60                                                                     $10,000,000
                                                   $40
                                                   $20                                                                     $5,000,000
                                                    $0                                                                     $—
                                                         2018   2019       2020      2021       2022        2023

                                                                   Total NEO direct compensation
                                                                   Common Shares, formerly Class A Shares
                                                                   Class B Shares


                               Class A Shares ceased to trade on the TSX effective September 1, 2022, Common Shares commenced trading on
                               the TSX effective September 1, 2022 as part of the Conversion Event, and Class B Shares ceased to trade on the
                               TSX effective December 7, 2022.

The trend demonstrates a steady and notable increase in total shareholder return, with an increase of over 100% in the value of our
Shares since 2018. Fiscal 2023 marks the achievement of the "Double Again" strategic plan and subsequent payment of a special
bonus to Messrs Hannasch, Tessier, Miller and Lewis. As a consequence of the Corporation’s evolution and continuous growth, we
continue to annually review and update the compensation plans offered to NEOs in order to continue supporting a pay-for-
performance philosophy and increasing alignment of executive compensation with shareholder interests.

Executive Compensation Program
Philosophy
The Corporation’s compensation program is designed to attract, retain and incentivize executives to achieve performance objectives
aligned with the Corporation’s vision, entrepreneurial culture and strategic orientation consistent with shareholders’ value creation.
It also allows the Corporation to reward those executives that deliver superior financial performance.
We remain a growth-oriented company and our compensation programs are designed to reward achievement of such growth.

                                                                                                                                                                                      63

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Four elements of our compensation strategy                                                             Our compensation
Be competitive                                                                                         strategy
We have designed our compensation program to recruit, develop and retain talented
executives, and we have extremely low turnover on the executive team. We have a formal,                BE COMPETITIVE
independent review process every two years to ensure executive compensation is                         We have designed our
benchmarked consistently.                                                                              compensation program to
                                                                                                       recruit, develop and retain
Pay for performance
                                                                                                       talented executives
A significant proportion of our executive compensation is tied to variable, performance-based
programs. We set challenging targets and objectives that drive our annual business plan and            PAY FOR PERFORMANCE
our strategy. These targets and objectives motivate the executives to work hard and foster             We reward executives for
teamwork to deliver strong results and be rewarded accordingly. We assess corporate and                exceptional performance in
individual performance in our compensation decision-making. We emphasize at-risk pay to                achieving pre–determined
motivate the executive team to execute the business plan, in line with our strategy and values,        and quantifiable objectives
and to create value for our shareholders over time without taking excessive risk.
                                                                                                       ALIGN WITH
Align with shareholder interests                                                                       SHAREHOLDER INTERESTS
Our philosophy and approach to executive compensation is structured to align the focus and             Our compensation program
strategic managerial decisions of our executive teams with the interests of shareholders. We           emphasizes value creation,
see Alimentation Couche-Tard as a long-term growth investment and link a material portion of           establishing a direct link
our executive compensation directly to the performance of our shares. We also consider the             between executive and
realizable value of stock option grants the NEOs have received in prior years as part of our           shareholder interests
formal review of salaries and target variable compensation every year. This approach has
delivered positive outcomes when viewed over a multiple year time horizon. Over the past five          LINK TO STRATEGY
years, our total shareholder return has exceeded the median percentile of our peers. We                Compensation supports the
further reinforced our alignment with shareholder interests by enabling our executive                  achievement of our
leadership team and VPs to elect to receive a portion up to 50% of their short-term incentive in       corporate strategy
DSUs (instead of cash).

Link to strategy
A key variable in our ability to deliver results rests in our expertise and strength in integrating acquisitions. The number and scope
of our acquisitions provide us with a unique opportunity to tie additional, variable, performance-based compensation elements to
successfully execute acquisition plans. The Company also recognizes that profitability growth must also come from improvement in
our existing store network and not be solely reliant on acquisitions. Consequently, part of our executive compensation strategy
includes variable compensation elements that are specifically tied to profitability independent from acquisition activity.
Fiscal 2024 will tie executive compensation to a new set of key result areas ("KRAs") stemming from our new consumer centric
strategic plan, which will aim to deliver exceptional value across our cost base as we strive to be the most trusted brand in
convenience and mobility. Another key element of our executive compensation program relies on our execution and ability to
deliver results and rests on our expertise and strength in integrating acquisitions. The number and scope of our acquisitions
provide us with a unique opportunity to tie additional variable performance-based compensation elements to successfully execute
acquisition plans. Consequently, part of our executive compensation strategy includes variable compensation elements that are
specifically tied to profitability independent from acquisition activity.

Compensation positioning
To accomplish its goals of attracting, retaining and incentivizing executives to achieve performance objectives aligned with the
Corporation’s vision and strategic orientation, we use a compensation peer group made up of companies we compete with for
executive talent and position our total target compensation for executives. Please refer to the section entitled “Benchmarking” on
page 71 for a description of the peer group. More specifically:
  ▪ base salary is generally thoroughly reviewed on a periodic basis and is typically set within a competitive range of the median of
    the peer group, reflecting experience, individual contribution and performance, scope of the role and responsibilities, the need
    to attract new executives and other specific circumstances. The base salary may also be reviewed annually and aligned with the
    relevant regional salary increases;
  ▪ while short-term incentive plan targets are aligned with the median of the peer group, actual payment may exceed market
    median when results surpass objectives or may fall below median (possibly zero) when results are below expectations;
  ▪ grants of share units and stock options promote retention and are aligned with long-term performance objectives;

                                                                                                                                64

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
     ▪ grants of DSUs ensure good long-term alignment with shareholders; and
     ▪ savings plans, benefits and other perquisites are aligned with regional practices in the countries where the Corporation
       operates.

General description of the 2023 compensation element
Executive compensation includes direct compensation (base salary, short-term incentive and long-term incentives), and indirect
compensation (pension retirement plans and other benefits).
Direct compensation
Salary
Base salaries are fixed pay and based on the individual’s competencies, experience and performance as well as internal
compensation guidelines. Base salaries are reviewed annually and usually adjusted in July. Changes are made to adjust for inflation
or to adjust positioning of salaries in relation to the median of the market and remain competitive.
Short-term incentive
The short-term incentive is an annual cash bonus based on the achievement of several factors, including corporate performance
using a key financial measure as a common global KRA measure, and individual performance based on the achievement of
individual KRAs that are approved by the HRCG Committee. KRAs are predetermined and set annually and are tied to strategic
objectives that are connected to the execution of our business plan.
"Double Again" Bonus
In fiscal 2023, we achieved our five-year "Double Again" strategic plan focusing on operational excellence and cost optimization,
including organic growth. The strategic plan included a special incremental bonus for eligible senior management tied to an
                                                         1
ambitious objective set five years ago to reach an EBITDA based target from 2018 to 2023 based on the following sliding scale:

                                                         Percentage of achievement      % of "Double Again"
                                                         of "Double Again" target       Payout on base salary
                                                                     80%                          50%
                                                                     85%                          60%
                                                                     90%                          70%
                                                                     95%                          80%
                                                                   100%                           100%
                                                                   105%                           110%
                                                                   110%                           130%
                                                                   125%                           150%


The financial based target was overachieved and the "Double Again" bonus will be paid out at 118%.

Corporate performance – key financial measure:
We use net earnings as a key financial measure to align the executive team, create accountability and assess corporate
performance. Net earnings are quantifiable and easy to measure and understand and motivates the executive team to achieve their
challenging targets. We must achieve at least 90% of the objective for our key financial measure to achieve threshold performance,
otherwise the payout on the financial component is zero. We use a sliding scale that caps the maximum payout for the corporate
financial component at 250%.

                        Financial component                            Focuses on budgeted net earnings, a key financial objective tied
                        (75%)                                          to our annual business plan
                        If we achieve net earnings:                    Then the financial component is:
                           ▪   less than 90% of budget                     ▪   zero
                           ▪   at 90% of budget                            ▪   10%
                           ▪   100% of budget (at target)                  ▪   100%
                           ▪   above 100% and up to 130% of budget         ▪   scaled up to a maximum of 250%




1
    For additional information on the performance measures not defined by IFRS, please refer to "Appendix E - Non-IFRS measures".

                                                                                                                                          65

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Individual performance – individual KRAs:
We assess individual performance in several key result areas – operational, functional, talent
management and development, and strategic planning – to drive strong leadership. Individual
objectives vary by executive role and responsibilities. The Corporation sets aggressive goals for
the NEOs and scores each KRA using both quantitative and qualitative criteria. The factors and
their respective weightings used for the determination of the short-term incentive are: 75%                          Our 2023 ESG key
corporate financial performance and 25% individual KRAs. Additionally, as for fiscal 2023, ESG                       results area:
components will be included in all of our executive's KRAs for purposes of short-term incentive                      ▪   Customer journey
payout.                                                                                                              ▪   Loyalty
Long-term incentives                                                                                                 ▪   Digital Innovation
Long-term incentives include stock options, as well as share units composed at 65% of PSUs and at                    ▪   Mobility
35% of either RSUs or DSUs at the election of each NEO. The PSUs, RSUs and DSUs are collectively                     ▪   Sustainability
referred to herein as “Share Units”. The long-term incentives are awarded to motivate the executive
team to achieve strong future performance for the Corporation and its shareholders, to retain the
executive team and to align executive interests with those of shareholders. The DSUP, Share Unit
Plan as well as the Stock Incentive Plan were all amended in fiscal 2021 in order to ensure their
relevancy for this incentivizing.

 The following table explains the type of grants made to NEOs under our various equity compensation plans, and their respective
 vesting and payout conditions:

               Description and Vesting Matrix                                       Payment Characteristic and Valuation
Options        Options vest 20% each year beginning on the grant date, unless Exercise price is determined by the weighted average reported closing
               determined otherwise by the Board at the time of grant. Options price for a board lot of the Shares on the TSX for the five days
               usually expire after 10 years.                                  immediately before the grant date.
                                                                               Value derived from in-the-money vested Options is equal to the
                                                                               number of vested Options exercised multiplied by the difference (in $)
                                                                               between the Shares price on the day Options are exercised and the
                                                                               exercise price.
                                                                               Options provide value only if the Shares price increases above the
                                                                               exercise price (Options are “in-the-money”).
                                                                               The plan allows a cashless exercise if the holder has an agreement
                                                                               with his or her broker.

PSUs           PSUs vest at the end of the three (3) year period commencing at      PSUs are subject to a performance multiplier, expressed as a
               the beginning of the fiscal year in which the PSUs are granted,      percentage.
               based on corporate performance.                                      Corporate performance objectives for the three-year period relate
               Since fiscal 2021, all PSUs outstanding benefit from Dividend        to our operating performance and are set by the HRCG Committee
               Equivalents.                                                         at the time of grant.
                                                                                    Value of PSUs equals the number of vested PSUs (including
                                                                                    Dividend Equivalents and taking into account any applicable
                                                                                    performance multiplier) multiplied by the weighted average trading
                                                                                    price of the Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately
                                                                                    before the valuation date.



RSUs           RSUs vest at the end of the three (3) year period commencing at      Value of RSUs equals the number of vested RSUs (including Dividend
               the beginning of the fiscal year in which the RSUs are granted,      Equivalents) multiplied by the weighted average trading price of the
               based on continued employment.                                       Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately before
               Effective as of fiscal 2021, all RSUs outstanding benefit from the   valuation date.
               accrual of Dividend Equivalents.
               In order to increase the alignment of executives’ and
               shareholders’ interests, executives, who are subject to the share
               ownership requirement, can voluntarily elect to receive DSUs
               instead of RSUs.




                                                                                                                                                     66

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                 Description and Vesting Matrix                                       Payment Characteristic and Valuation
DSUs             DSUs (subject to the exception of Matching DSUs) vest                Value of DSUs equals the number of vested DSUs (including Dividend
                 immediately but may not be exercised until the executives’           Equivalents) multiplied by the weighted average trading price of the
                 employment with the company ceases.                                  Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately before the
                 DSUs benefit from the accrual of Dividend Equivalents.               payout date.
                 In order to increase the alignment of executives’ and
                 shareholders’ interests, executives, who are subject to the share
                 ownership requirement, can voluntarily elect to receive DSUs
                 instead of RSUs.
                 In addition, all executives of the Corporation’s global leadership
                 team can elect to defer up to 50% of their short-term incentive
                 payout into a grant of DSUs, with the Corporation matching 25%
                 of the first 50% deferrable portion of the short-term incentive
                 into additional DSUs, as described below.
Matching DSUs Matching DSUs correspond to a match at a rate of 25% of any             Same as DSUs above.
              short-term incentive award amount paid out that an eligible
              participant elects to defer and receive in the form of DSUs. This
              25%-match is applicable on up to 50% of the total deferrable
              short-term incentive amount that any eligible participant is
              entitled to.
              Subject to limited exceptions, the Matching DSUs vest over three
              years at a rate of 1/3 per anniversary year, but their settlement is
              deferred.

Further information on the Corporation’s long-term incentive plans is included in Appendix "C" of this Circular.
Indirect compensation
Executives receive retirement and other benefits as part of a competitive total compensation package.
Retirement benefits include a defined contribution plan for executives in Canada and Europe, and non-qualified defined
contribution plan in the U.S. as well as a supplemental retirement benefit (see page 76 to read more about retirement benefits).
Other benefits include a company vehicle, a health cost reimbursement program (disability, group life, accident, health and travel
insurance) and financial planning as part of a competitive package to attract and retain high-performing executives.
Executives and other regular full-time employees can also participate in our Employee Share Purchase Plan (“ESPP”). Since fiscal
2021, executives can contribute up to 10% of their annual base salary to purchase Shares and, unlike other employees, are not
required to wait one year of continuous service prior to doing so. Contributions are made by payroll deduction and the Corporation
makes matching contributions of 25% of each participant’s contribution up to a maximum of $1,250 per year. Participants receive
dividends paid on our Shares. Contributions can be made to a registered retirement savings plan (RRSP), a non-registered account
or a tax-free savings account (TFSA).

Compensation Mix
We emphasize at-risk pay to motivate the executive team to execute the business plan, in line with our strategy and values, and to
create value for our shareholders over time. Total pay at risk of not being paid includes the short-term incentive bonus as well as
the long-term incentive bonus, namely RSUs representing 35% of awarded share units and PSUs representing 65% of awarded
share units, and 100% of awarded stock options.


                                           CEO                                        NEOs other than CEO




                                  Salary (11%)                                             Salary (18%)
                                  Annual short-term incentive (19%)                        Annual short-term incentive (15%)
                                  Share units (42%)                                        Share units (33%)
                                  Stock options (14%)                                      Stock options (20%)
                                  Special bonus (14%)                                      Special bonus (14%)




                                                                                                                                                     67

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Annual Compensation Review Process on Management of Risk

Role of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
The Board has given the HRCG Committee the mandate to, among other things, review and recommend senior executive
compensation components and policies, to ensure that they are consistent with best practices while also considering new
compensation trends. The HRCG Committee oversees our executive compensation program, leadership succession plans and Board
succession. It also helps the Board fulfill its responsibilities relating to human resources, director compensation and corporate
governance.
The HRCG Committee is made up of four independent directors: Mélanie Kau (committee chair), Janice L. Fields, Daniel Rabinowicz
and Louis Têtu. Each is qualified and experienced.

                                                            Skills and experience

                                   Compensation/       Senior
                                   labour relations/   executive        Corporate    Industry
                                   human resources     leadership       governance   experience
Mélanie Kau, Committee chair               ü                 ü                 ü           ü
Janice L. Fields                           ü                 ü                 ü           ü
Daniel Rabinowicz                          ü                 ü                 ü           ü
Louis Têtu                                 ü                 ü                 ü           ü
None of the members of the HRCG Committee is or has been indebted towards the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or has or
has had an interest in any material transaction involving the Corporation in the course of fiscal 2023. None of the members of the
HRCG Committee is or has been an officer, employee or executive of the Corporation.
The HRCG Committee reviews our corporate performance and relative shareholder return and evaluates individual performance
when making its decisions about executive pay for the year. It also reviews the compensation packages for the Founder and
Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and the other Executive Officers including the NEOs for the previous year and assesses
overall market competitiveness.
The HRCG Committee makes recommendations to the Board for its review and approval, including target compensation and actual
awards and any changes to our human resources and compensation policies and programs.
Our decision-making process
We have a thorough and disciplined process for making decisions about executive compensation.



 1                             2                            3                          4                      5
 Review                        Set performance              Conduct an                 Assess                 Award
 compensation                  targets and                  ongoing                    corporate and          compensation
 program                       objectives                   review of the              individual
                                                            market and                 performance
                                                            performance

1.   Review compensation program
The HRCG Committee reviews plan design and target compensation, consulting with its independent advisor, as needed, to
benchmark target compensation for market competitiveness and internal equity. At the same time, the committee reviews the
compensation peer group to make sure the companies in the group are relevant and makes any necessary changes.
The HRCG Committee carries out a formal compensation review every two years and makes any recommendations about changes
to compensation policy, individual plans and the overall program to the Board for its review and approval. A formal compensation
review was conducted in March 2022.

2. Set performance targets and objectives for executive compensation
Based on our strategic plan and annual business plan, management sets and the HRCG Committee approves financial objectives
and performance criteria for annual incentives and long-term incentives. The HRCG Committee also approves KRA and individual




                                                                                                                             68

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
objectives for the President and CEO and each of the other NEOs, including other senior officers based on input from the President
and CEO.

3. Conduct an ongoing review of the market and performance
The Board receives regular updates from management at each regular meeting, including a discussion of risks and opportunities.

4. Assess corporate and individual performance
The Board assesses corporate performance under the annual incentive plan to determine the financial component. The HRCG
Committee assesses individual performance of the NEOs against their key result areas and approves an overall individual score for
each that is reflected in the NEOs’ annual performance bonus payout.

5. Award compensation
The HRCG Committee determines annual incentive awards and grants of long-term incentive awards. It reviews the performance
vesting conditions of the performance-based share units awards and determines the payout. It also reviews salaries and approves
any adjustments for the upcoming year within defined parameters approved by the Board.
The Board reviews the HRCG Committee’s analysis and recommendations for incentive awards and approves the awards.
The Board can use its discretion to adjust the recommended awards based on extenuating circumstances.

Role of the Compensation Consultant
The HRCG Committee has retained Willis Towers Watson since 2012 as an independent compensation consultant.
Willis Towers Watson advises the HRCG Committee on the competitiveness of our executive compensation program and reviews the
compensation components and incentive plan design and metrics to make sure they continue to be appropriate. Pension, other
benefits and provisions regarding employment and change of control are part of this review. Decisions related to executive
compensation remain the responsibility of the HRCG Committee and the Board, who, in determining executive compensation for
fiscal 2023, considered the advice of Willis Towers Watson provided in 2022 on executive compensation.
The table below shows the fees paid to the independent consultant in the last two fiscal years.

                                                                  2023                      2022
Executive compensation-related fees                              $4,998                   $99,385
All other fees                                                       —                         —
Total                                                            $4,998                   $99,385

The external consultant conducts this review every two years and completed its last review in fiscal 2022. Their review addressed
base salary, short-term incentives and long-term-incentives, and the results were used to assess any potential gap between the
market median and internal compensation levels.
Based on recommendation contained in the external benchmarking report delivered by Willis Towers Watson in fiscal 2022, the
HRCG Committee recommended, and the Board approved, several changes to the executives’ compensation in order to bring it
closer to the market median with a larger proportion of the compensation increase to be allocated to long-term incentives. Such
changes became effective as of fiscal 2023 and include the following:

        ▪   changes to the executive teams’ salary range;
        ▪   increase the annual grant of Share Units from 280% to 390% of base salary for the CEO;
        ▪   increase in the annual grant of Share Units from 100% to 210% for the CFO, 80% to 210% for the COO and 80% to 100% for
            the Chief Growth Officer;
        ▪   increase in the annual stock options grant from 61% to 120% for the CEO, 82.94% to 211% for the Executive Chairman, 15%
            to 55% for the CFO, 12% to 55% for the COO, and 12% to 25% for the Chief Growth Officer. Using the Black-Scholes
            methodology for the annual stock options grant valuation;
        ▪   increase the annual short-term incentive bonus from 60% to 75% for the COO and the Chief Growth Officer; and
        ▪   increase in range of PSU payout in line with market practice.




                                                                                                                             69

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Managing compensation related risk
We recognize that some level of risk-taking is needed to drive the entrepreneurial spirit, stay competitive and achieve the growth
our shareholders expect.
The HRCG Committee is committed to ensuring our compensation program supports our long-term growth and does not encourage
excessive risk-taking. It regularly reviews the design of our incentive plans and also makes sure we have appropriate policies in
place to encourage proper conduct and sound decision-making.
The Corporation uses, among other things, the following practices to discourage or mitigate inappropriate risk taking:
  ▪ The majority of executive compensation is variable (at-risk) and based on performance (see page 61);
  ▪ the Board approves the Corporation’s strategic plan, annual budgets, and financial and other targets, which are considered in
    the context of assessing performance and awarding incentives;
  ▪ there is an appropriate mix of pay, including fixed and performance-based compensation with short- and longer-term
    performance conditions and vesting periods;
  ▪ base salaries are established to provide regular income, regardless of share price;
  ▪ annual short-term incentive awards are capped and based on the achievement of a number of financial and strategic
    performance objectives;
  ▪ long-term equity-based incentive grants, if and when granted, are approved by the Board;
  ▪ when considering the approval of bonus payout and long-term incentive grants, if any, the Board considers whether the
    anticipated costs are reasonable relative to the Corporation’s projected and actual income, and amounts are not paid under the
    Corporation’s annual incentive plans until achievement of the relevant financial results have been confirmed by audited
    financial statements of the Corporation;
  ▪ the Corporation’s performance-based long-term incentives are comprised of PSUs which fully vest after three years only, and
    which payout if based on the achievement of performance criteria, ensuring that executives remain exposed to the risks of
    their decisions and vesting periods align with risk realization periods. RSUs fully vest after three years of their issuance and
    their intrinsic value lies in the long term performance of the share price, thereby aligning interests of the executives with those
    of the shareholders;
  ▪ the Corporation has an Executive Share Ownership Requirement for the NEOs and other key executive officers of the
    Corporation;
  ▪ the executives may not purchase financial instruments to hedge a decrease in the market value of the Shares held for the
    purpose of the share ownership requirements;
  ▪ the Corporation has adopted an executive compensation clawback policy (the “Clawback Policy”) which allows it to require
    repayment of incentive compensation under certain circumstances (see below for additional details on this policy);
  ▪ the HRCG Committee maintains overall discretion to adjust annual incentive payouts to take into account both unexpected and
    extraordinary events;
  ▪ employees, officers and directors and others associated with our Corporation must abide by our Code and make sure to always
    protect Alimentation Couche-Tard’s property and assets, exercise good judgment, treat everyone with respect, and act ethically
    and responsibly in everything they do; and
  ▪ the Corporation has adopted an Insider Trading Policy, pursuant to which insiders may not trade our securities on information
    that has not yet been publicly released, or “tip” information to anyone outside the Corporation, consistent with securities
    legislation.

The Board of Directors and the HRCG Committee believe the Corporation’s compensation plans are designed and administered with
the appropriate balance of risk and reward, do not encourage excessive risk-taking behaviour and are not likely to have a material
adverse effect on the Corporation.

Clawback
We have a clawback policy which allows the Board to require the reimbursement of short-term and long-term compensation
received by certain officers and other senior management employees, if such compensation was paid in whole or in part as a result
of gross negligence, intentional misconduct, fraud, embezzlement or other serious misconduct, or in the event of a restatement of
the Corporation's financial statements resulting from material non-compliance with any applicable requirements pursuant to
applicable laws, and in circumstances where the Board determines, in its sole discretion, that such individual would not have been



                                                                                                                                 70

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
entitled to such compensation had a restatement of financial statements not been required. Our Clawback policy was last amended
in June 2023.
Recovery under the Clawback Policy is limited to compensation paid, granted, awarded to, or earned by, or vested in favour of any
covered officer or senior management employee in the then current fiscal year and in the immediately preceding three financial
years and may be implemented through various forms, including reimbursement, deduction from salary or future payments, grants
or awards of incentive compensation, or cancellation or forfeiture of vested or unvested grants held by the covered individual.

Benchmarking
We consider each executive role to maintain internal equity. We also benchmark our compensation against other companies to
make sure we are competitive with the market.
We use a compensation peer group made up of companies we compete with for executive talent and position our total target
compensation for executives around the median of the peer group. Actual awards can be higher or lower depending on
performance.
Willis Towers Watson assists the HRCG Committee by reviewing the compensation peer group to make sure it stays relevant. It
conducts research and analysis, using four criteria to select appropriate companies for the peer group:
  ▪ companies in similar industries: food retail, general merchandise stores, oil and gas refining and marketing and restaurants;
  ▪ companies with annual revenue ranging from USD$6 billion to USD$138 billion;
  ▪ companies with a market capitalization of USD$8 billion to USD$111 billion;
  ▪ companies operating in North America with an emphasis on U.S. corporations because a significant portion of our revenues are
    derived from the United States.
Our compensation peer group was last reviewed in fiscal 2023. Our current peer group is composed of the following 15 Canadian
and U.S. companies:

Compensation peer group
Canada                                                 United States
  ▪ Canadian Tire Corporation Limited                    • Albertsons Companies, Inc.                     ▪   The TJX Companies, Inc.
  ▪ Metro Inc.                                           • Casey’s General Stores, Inc.                   ▪   The Kroger Co.
  ▪ Restaurant Brands International Ltd.                 • Dollar General Corporation                     ▪   Walgreens
    Partnership                                          • Dollar Tree, Inc.                              ▪   Yum! Brands, Inc.
  ▪ George Weston Limited                                • Starbucks Corporation
  ▪ Empire Company Limited                               • Target Corp.

The table below shows our ranking compared to the median of Canadian companies, U.S. companies and the peer group overall.

                                        Median statistics in relation to Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.


                                                                                      Market
                                           Revenue           Net income         capitalization
                                    last fiscal year      last fiscal year as at May 5, 2023     Number of
                                     (US$ millions)        (US$ millions)      (US$ millions)    employees
 Compensation peer group                   $29,061                $1,328             $31,831        138,650
 Canadian companies only                   $14,462                  $850             $13,291             44,571
 U.S. companies only                       $41,385                $2,564             $37,134        207,548
 Alimentation Couche-Tard                  $71,857                $3,091             $66,351        128,000
 Percentile ranking                              67                   67                   73                 38




                                                                                                                                        71

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Executive Share Ownership Requirement
Our equity ownership requirements ensure that our executives have a stake in our future                                  /
                                                                                                                          EXECUTIVES AS OWNERS
success and that their interests are aligned with those of our shareholders. Requirements vary
by level and executives must meet their ownership requirement within five years of assuming                                We believe our executives
a position subject to such requirement. NEOs can count the Shares and DSUs shares they hold                               should feel like owners and
directly and indirectly toward meeting the requirement but cannot include performance share                                should have a significant
units or restricted share units.                                                                                           stake in the Corporation.

In order to increase the alignment of executives’ and shareholders’ interests, executives can                            /
voluntarily elect to receive DSUs instead of RSUs. In addition, following amendments to our
DSUP, NEOs and other executives are able to participate in our DSUP by electing to receive up
to 50% of their short-term incentive award payout in DSUs instead of cash, (the “DSU
Voluntary Election”), and the Corporation incentivizes this voluntary election by granting
additional DSUs equal to twenty-five percent (25%) of the number of DSUs credited to the
account of such executive pursuant to their DSU Voluntary Election (the “DSU Match”). The
DSU Match vests over a period of three (3) years (one third (1/3) per year) from the date of
grant of such DSU Match. This election is designed to enable our executives to attain their
respective shareholding levels as required under the Corporation’s Shareholding Guidelines.
For more information about our DSUP please go to page 93 of this Circular.
We use the acquisition price or the market value of the holdings at the time we assess their
equity ownership, whichever is higher, to value their ownership.
The table below shows each NEO’s equity ownership as at April 30, 2023. We used the closing price on the TSX on April 30, 2023, to
calculate the value of the Shares ($67.62).

                                                                    Shares and Awards owned
                                                                                                                        Meets share
                                                                    as at April 30, 2023                                ownership
                                           Equity ownership                                                             requirements or
                                           requirement                  Common          DSUs
                                                                                              (2)              Total    date by which it
                          2023 base salary (multiple of salary)           Shares                        market value    should be met
Alain Bouchard                  $1,470,059         10.0x             123,219,953             —        $8,332,133,222    yes
Brian Hannasch                  $2,022,293          5.0x                 922,444         72,366          $67,269,052    yes
Claude Tessier                    $707,063          2.0x                  33,954         25,306            $4,007,161   yes
           (1)
Alex Miller                     $1,062,960          1.5x                  30,119         24,769            $3,711,527   yes
Kevin Lewis                       $818,473          1.5x                  13,543         19,634            $2,243,429   yes
(1)   Mr. Miller's annual base salary was increased from $956,664 to $1,062,960 effective January 2, 2023 following his nomination to Chief
      Operating Officer.
(2)   This amount includes vested DSUs only.




                                                                                                                                                 72

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Description of Compensation paid to Named Executive Officers in 2023
Base Salary
Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis are paid in U.S. dollars and their amounts have been converted to Canadian dollars using the
average exchange rates for each fiscal year, 1.3287 for fiscal 2023 and 1.2539 for fiscal 2022.

                                            2023                 2022
 Alain Bouchard                        $1,470,059          $1,470,059
 Brian Hannasch                        $2,022,293          $1,908,447
 Claude Tessier                          $707,063            $707,063
             (1)
 Alex Miller                           $1,062,960            $776,791
 Kevin Lewis                             $818,473            $772,397
(1)
      Mr. Miller's annual base salary was increased from $956,664 to
      $1,062,960 effective January 2, 2023 following his nomination to
      Chief Operating Officer.

Annual short-term incentive plan
NEOs are entitled to receive short-term incentive awards for achieving or exceeding pre-determined goals derived from the annual
business plan. The HRCG Committee aligns the Corporation’s short-term incentive metrics with the Corporation’s strategic plan and
selects financial performance indicators that are part of the Corporation’s annual business plan and long-term strategic plan and
are highly correlated with value creation for Shareholders. The HRCG Committee reviewed the Corporation’s results and assessed
the CEO’s performance against his goals and also analyzed and discussed with the CEO the performance of the other NEOs and
executives of the Corporation in order to recommend their respective short-term incentive award payments to the Board for
approval.
For fiscal 2023, the NEOs’ short-term incentive was dependent at 75% upon the achievement of a company-wide financial target (net
income), and the remaining 25% upon the achievement of individual KRAs.
Net earnings of USD $3,090.9 million resulted in an achievement of 110.81% of the company-wide financial target. Since our short-
term incentive program provides a sliding scale for performance achievement of our company-wide financial target from zero to
250%, the 110.81% achievement translated into a 133.0% payout of the company-wide financial component.
Regarding the individual component, the NEOs were each assigned four key result areas. We do not disclose specific individual
objectives for competitive reasons. Individual objectives are quantitative and qualitative and some objectives stem from our
strategic planning process and extend beyond a fiscal year. Disclosing them would expose the Corporation to serious prejudice and
weaken our competitive advantage. The attainment of the individual component averaged 85.46% for the NEOs, reflecting solid
performance in the individual KRAs. All of our executives have individual KRAs that contained ESG elements.
The following table shows their respective overall achievement of these key result areas combined:

                                  2023 overall
 Individual component             individual component
 (25%)                            achievement
 Alain Bouchard                         96.0%
 Brian Hannasch                         84.2%
 Claude Tessier                         91.3%
 Alex Miller                            84.7%
 Kevin Lewis                            71.1%




                                                                                                                           73

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
The short-term incentive award target, consolidated performance metrics, weighting and actual results and payout for fiscal 2023
are set out in the following table:

                                                         Corporate
                                                          financial                                                                                 2023
                                                        component              Individual                                                          Actual
                                     Target                 (net                                        Actual                                            (3)
                                                                              component                                                           Payout
                                   incentive      x [     earnings)      +                    ] =       Payout        x      Salary        =        ($ or
                                                                             (% achieved
                                  (% of salary)         (133% x 75%)                                 (% of salary)
                                                                                x 25%)                                                           Matching
                                                        (sliding scale                                                                             DSUs)
                                                        up to 250%)


Alain Bouchard                         50%        X         99.75%       +       24.00%        =         61.88%      x        $1,470,059 =        $909,599

Brian Hannasch
                    (1)
                                      125%        X         99.75%       +       21.05%        =        151.00%      x        $2,022,293 =       $3,053,663
                                                                                                                                                                (2)



Claude Tessier                         75%        X         99.75%       +       22.83%        =         91.93%      x         $707,063 =         $650,012
                                                                                                                                                                (2)


          (1)
Alex Miller                            75%        X         99.75%       +       21.18%        =         90.69%      X         $965,564 =         $875,706
                                                                                                                                                                (2)



Kevin Lewis
              (1)
                                       75%        X         99.75%       +       17.78%        =         88.14%      x         $818,473 =         $721,433
                                                                                                                                                                (2)


(1)
    Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis are paid in U.S. dollars. Their amounts have been converted to Canadian dollars using the average exchange rate for the
    year of 1.3287. Mr. Miller's annual base salary was increased from $956,664 to $1,062,960 effective January 2, 2023 following his nomination to Chief
    Operating Officer.
(2)
    As it is now permitted in the DSUP, Messrs. Hannasch, Tessier, Miller and Lewis elected to receive a portion of their short-term incentive in Matching DSUs
    instead of cash.
(3)
    The percentages used in this table have been rounded.


Long-term incentive plan
Payout of the 2020 long-term incentive awards

The share units awards granted in fiscal 2020 vested on July 16, 2022 and were paid out in late
July 2022, with a performance factor of 65% based on our achievement of five equally weighted
                                                                                                                           PAY FOR PERFORMANCE
measures and a time-based component weighted at 35%.
                                                                                                                           PSU payout is based on the
The performance-based portion of the long-term incentive award paid out at 71% with one out
                                                                                                                           achievement of performance
of five performance measurements paying out partially, three paying out at greater than 100%
                                                                                                                           objectives that are
and one not paying out at all. The measures were determined at the time of the grant and
                                                                                                                           established at the time of
included same store sales growth, fuel volume, merchandise and service margins excluding
                                                                                                                           the award.
tobacco and return on capital employed (“ROCE”). As in the previous years, an ESG metric was
also part of the performance measures, namely employee engagement.                                                         The actual value of the
                                                                                                                           units that vest is based on
The price of our Shares increased from $42.18 at the time of grant to $52.52 when the Share
                                                                                                                           the market value of our
Units were paid out, representing a 24.51% increase over the three-year period. Since the fiscal
                                                                                                                           shares at the end of the
2020 share units awards vested after our share split, prices relating thereto are expressed on a
                                                                                                                           three-year period.
post-share split basis. This resulted in a 90.73% payout of this long-term incentive: (85.73% x
65% performance criteria) + (100% x 35% time based criteria).




                                                                                                                                                         74

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                           Corporate
                           performance       Time vested
                                                                                  Number
                                             employment                                          Market
                           factor                                                 of
                                             service
                       [   achievement   +   factor        ] = Share Unit
                                                               vesting factor
                                                                              x   Share      x
                                                                                                 price
                                                                                                 of our   = Payout           Realized
                                                                                                                             value
                           (0 to 100%)                                            Units
                                             x                                                   Shares                      as a % of
              Grant        x                                                      granted                                    grant
                                             35%
              date         65%                                                                                               value


Alain
              2019-07-17      55.73%     +       35%        =       90.73%    x     61,106   x   $52.52    =    $2,911,786     113%
Bouchard
Brian
              2019-07-17      55.73%     +       35%        =       90.73%    x    116,089   x   $52.52    =    $5,531,803     113%
Hannasch
Claude
              2019-07-17      55.73%     +       35%        =       90.73%    x     14,941   x   $52.52    =     $711,960      113%
Tessier
Alex Miller   2019-07-17      55.73%     +       35%        =       90.73%    x     12,566   x   $52.52    =     $598,787      113%
Kevin Lewis   2019-07-17      55.73%     +       35%        =       90.73%    x     13,266   x   $52.52    =     $632,143      113%


About the 2023 long-term incentive awards
On September 13, 2022, NEOs were awarded long-term incentive awards composed of Share Units of which 65% are PSUs, and
35% are either RSUs or DSUs at the election of each NEO. These 2023 PSUs and 2023 RSUs will vest on April 27, 2025 and their
valuation date will be July 9, 2025.
The 2023 PSUs are subject to the achievement of four performance measures, each weighted 25%, which include convenience
gross profit, road transportation fuel gross profit, ROCE, and employee engagement. The overall score for the four measures will
determine the number of 2023 PSUs that vest. We do not disclose the details of the results compared to measures for competitive
reasons.
The 2023 DSUs that some executives elected to receive instead of their RSUs vested immediately as per the DSUP but will only
become payable to the NEOs upon them ceasing to be an employee of the Corporation.
To determine the appropriate value of long-term incentive grants provided to the NEOs, the HRCG Committee considers the
practices of our peer group and external market data, as well as internal factors including executive retention, dilutive impact and
long-term value creation.
On April 27, 2022, Stock Options were awarded to NEOs, the executive team and certain key employees as part of the
Corporation's long-term incentive plan based on the applicable percentage of the the base salary of the covered employees using
the Black Scholes valuation methodology.




                                                                                                                                  75

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
The table below shows the 2023 long-term incentives awarded to the NEOs and the weighting allocation between Share Units and
stock options.

                   2023 target long-term
                   incentive awards (as a Options/PSU/ RSU     Options award        PSU award         RSU award        DSU award        Total award
                        % of base salary)        Target Mix             value            value             value            value              value
                                            53% Options            $3,101,825        $1,815,513         $977,548                 —       $5,894,886
Alain Bouchard             401%             + 31% PSUs
                                            + 17% RSUs
                                            23% Options            $2,309,222        $5,049,094                —        $2,718,743      $10,077,060
Brian Hannasch             498%             + 50% PSUs
                                            + 27% DSUs
                                            21% Options              $388,884         $965,181                 —          $519,631       $1,873,696
Claude Tessier             265%             + 52% PSUs
                                            + 28% DSUs
                                            20% Options              $500,683        $1,286,119                —          $692,526       $2,479,328
Alex Miller                233%             + 52% PSUs
                                            + 28% DSUs
                                            19% Options              $194,709         $523,950                 —          $282,123       $1,000,782
Kevin Lewis                122%             + 52% PSUs
                                            + 28% DSUs
Value
The valuation method used to establish stock option grants was the Black-Scholes model, using the assumption based on page 81.
Currency exchange rate
The currency exchange rate used for purposes of establishing awards for Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis in equivalent U.S. dollars at the date of
award was 1.3086 and the currency exchange rate used for purposes of establishing stock options awards for Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis in
equivalent to U.S. dollars at the date of the award was 1.2643.

Retirement benefits
We offer a registered pension plan for Canadian executives, non-qualified deferred compensation plans for U.S. executives and
supplemental retirement plans for Canadian and U.S. executives.
Canada
NEOs in Canada participate in the following plans:
Registered pension plan (funded according to applicable legislation in Canada)
  ▪ Canadian registered pension plan (RPP)
Supplemental retirement plans (unfunded plans)
  ▪ Canadian supplemental retirement program (basic DB SERP)
  ▪ Canadian enhanced supplemental retirement program (enhanced DB SERP)
  ▪ Defined contribution supplemental executive retirement program (DC SERP)
RPP DB component, basic DB SERP and enhanced DB SERP
The RPP has a defined benefit (DB) component and a defined contribution (DC) component. At the end of fiscal 2016, we modified
our defined benefit plans for executives in Canada to freeze accruals and replaced them with defined contribution benefits.
The DB component of the RPP, in conjunction with the basic DB SERP or the enhanced DB SERP, as applicable, provide an annual
retirement income equal to 2% per year of credited service, multiplied by the final average salary of the executive’s three best years
(and 50% of the annual incentive, the incentive being limited to 100% of base salary, for credited service in the enhanced DB SERP),
with no offset for any payment from the Canada and Québec pension plans. The normal retirement age is 65, however participants
can retire early with an un-reduced pension from age 62 (age 60 for credited service in the enhanced DB SERP) and with a reduced
pension from age 55. The normal form of pension under the RPP is a 67% joint and survivor annuity with a five-year guarantee.
The normal form of pension under the basic DB SERP is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for five years.
The normal form of pension under the enhanced DB SERP is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for the first five years and a 50% joint
and survivor annuity for the following five years; there is no death benefit after 10 years.
RPP DC component and DC SERP
The Corporation contributes an amount equal to 12% of the executive’s base salary to the DC component of the RPP up to the limit
imposed by legislation, and the excess amount on a notional basis to the DC SERP. Executives who were participating in the DB




                                                                                                                                                       76

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
component of the RPP and in the basic DB SERP at the time these plans were frozen receive a contribution that is greater than 12%
and that varies by individual (no current NEO is eligible for such additional contribution).
Benefits under the DC component of the RPP are payable as a tax-sheltered transfer to an eligible retirement vehicle. Benefits
under the DC SERP are paid as a lump sum or in annual installments of up to five years.
Who participates
Mr. Bouchard participates in the DB component of the RPP and the enhanced DB SERP. He commenced receipt of his monthly
benefits in fiscal 2021 under both plans, per the statutory requirements.
Mr. Tessier participates in the DC component of the RPP and the DC SERP.
United States
NEOs in the U.S. can participate in the following plans:
  ▪ U.S. supplemental defined benefit retirement program (U.S. DB SERP)
  ▪ Non-qualified deferred compensation plan (non-qualified plan)
  ▪ Non-qualified deferred compensation plan that was established in fiscal 2017 (new non-qualified plan)
  ▪ 401(k) plan (historical contributions only as it pertains to Mr. Hannasch)
At the end of fiscal 2016 we froze accruals under the U.S. DB SERP and participation in the non-qualified plan for executives other
than Top Level Participants and replaced them with the new non-qualified plan.
U.S. DB SERP
The U.S. DB SERP is an unfunded, non-qualified defined benefit plan that provides an annual retirement income equal to 2% per
year of credited service, multiplied by the final average base salary of the executive’s three best years (and 50% of the annual
incentive, the incentive being limited to 100% of base salary, for Top-Level Participants), offset by company matching contributions
to the non-qualified plan, and with no offset for social security benefits. The normal retirement age is 65, however executives can
retire early with an un-reduced pension from age 62 (age 60 for credited service as a Top-Level Participant) and with a reduced
pension from age 55. Upon termination of employment before age 55, the vested accrued pension is payable from age 65.
The normal form of pension under the U.S. DB SERP is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for five years. For Top-Level Participants, it is a
lifetime annuity guaranteed for the first five years and a 50% joint and survivor annuity for the following five years; there is no death
benefit after 10 years.
Non-qualified plan and new non-qualified plan
Under the non-qualified plan and the new non-qualified plan, participants can defer up to 25% of their base salary and up to 100%
of their pre-tax annual incentive. For positions below Vice-President level, the Corporation makes a matching contribution to the
non-qualified plan equal to 100% of employee deferrals to this plan, up to 7% of their base salary. Mr. Hannasch's contribution to
the non-qualified plan is up to 7% of his base salary because he continues to earn benefits under the U.S. DB SERP.
For Vice-Presidents and above, with the exception of Top-Level Participants of the U.S. DB SERP, no matching company
contributions are made under the new non-qualified plan; instead, contributions of 8% of base salary are made as of the date the
participant was appointed to an executive position. Executives other than Top Level Participants who were participating in the U.S.
DB SERP and in the non-qualified plan at the time these plans were frozen receive a contribution that is greater than 8% and that
varies by individual. Mr. Miller is one of such individuals, and his annual company contribution rate is 20.8%.
Participants choose to have their contributions deposited in a retirement account or an in-service account or allocated between the
two. Company contributions are deposited in retirement accounts.
Participants choose to notionally invest their contributions and those of the Corporation from a range of options provided under
the plans. The investment funds provided under the plans are selected by the Corporation, and the Corporation may elect to
change them from time to time, at the discretion of the plan administrator. Participants may alter their investment fund choices up
to six times per year.
Retirement accounts allow income to be paid as a lump sum or in annual installments for up to ten years when the participant
retires, and as a lump sum when employment is terminated before retirement. In-service accounts also have these features, and
also allow participants to access the income five years after deferral.
The plans are not funded; however, the Corporation sets aside assets in a rabbi trust and attempts to mirror the participants’
hypothetical earnings in these plans.
401(k) plan
The 401(k) plan is a tax-qualified plan that is funded in accordance with applicable laws. Participation in the 401(k) plan generally
ceases when participants join the non-qualified plan or the new non-qualified plan.

                                                                                                                                   77

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Who participates
Mr. Hannasch is a Top-Level Participant accruing benefits in the U.S. DB SERP and the non-qualified plan. He also accrued benefits
under the 401(k) plan prior to joining the non-qualified plan. Messrs. Miller and Lewis participate in the new non-qualified plan and
Mr. Miller also accrued benefits in the U.S. DB SERP and the non-qualified plan up to the date that these plans were frozen for
participants other than Top-Level Participants.

Pension benefits table – defined benefits plan
The table below sets out the pension benefits earned by each NEO as at the end of fiscal 2023 under the Corporation’s defined
benefit pension plans. The present values of defined benefit obligations at the beginning and end of the fiscal year are based on the
same actuarial assumptions and methods used in our audited financial statements to determine our obligations under the DB
retirement plans at these dates.
                                                                                                             Opening
                                                                                                              present
                                                                              Annual benefits payable         value of                                     Closing present
                            Number of years
                             credited service                 At year end                    At age 65        defined                                Non- value of defined
                                                                                                               benefit     Compensatory       compensatory          benefit
                               RPP     SERP             RPP          SERP           RPP           SERP      obligation          change             change        obligation
Alain Bouchard              14.17      35.00        $61,828     $1,383,687       $61,828    $1,383,687     $25,515,186                   —         $196,027       $25,711,213
Brian Hannasch                  —      21.92              —       $955,738            —     $1,389,007     $14,471,284             $235,144       ($284,830)      $14,421,598
Alex Miller                     —       3.50              —        $45,744            —        $45,744        $580,488              $99,520        ($49,165)         $630,843

Annual benefits payable                                                                     10 years. The normal form of pension of the basic SERP for Mr. Hannasch
                                                                                            for a portion of his service and for Mr. Miller is an annuity guaranteed for
The annual benefit is the lifetime pension payable at the normal                            5 years.
retirement age of 65 based on the final average base salary of the
                                                                                            Opening present value of defined benefit obligation
executive’s three best years as at April 30, 2023 (increased for service in
the enhanced SERP by the lesser of 50% of the actual bonus paid and 50%                     For Mr. Bouchard, the amounts indicated include pension benefits payable
of the base salary) and based on years of credited service at year end or as                under the RPP and the SERP.
of age 65. Mr. Bouchard began receiving his monthly benefits under the                      Compensatory change
RPP and SERP effective October 1, 2020; the amounts shown are those
                                                                                            The compensatory change is the value of the projected pension earned for
actually in payment as of April 30, 2023.
                                                                                            the period from April 30, 2022 to April 30, 2023, including the impact on
The annual benefits shown for Messrs. Hannasch and Miller are net of the                    the obligation of any differences between actual earnings and those
equivalent pension provided from company matching contributions to the                      estimated and any plan changes.
non-qualified deferred compensation plan and the 401(k) plan that were
                                                                                            Non-compensatory change
made after the SERP entry date.
                                                                                            The non-compensatory change is the value of items other than
Mr. Bouchard’s payments under the RPP and SERP include a 66% joint and                      compensatory, such as interest on the accrued obligation at the start of
survivor benefit with a 5-year guarantee.                                                   the fiscal year, changes in assumptions, change in exchange rates and
The normal form of pension of the enhanced SERP for Mr. Hannasch is an                      other experience gains and losses for the period from April 30, 2022 to
annuity guaranteed during the first 5 years, a 50% joint and survivor                       April 30, 2023. In the case of Mr. Bouchard, it also reflects the reduction in
annuity for the following 5 years and there is no death benefit after                       value corresponding to the benefits paid to him in the fiscal year.


Pension benefits table – defined contribution plan and deferred compensation plans
The following table shows the benefits earned by each NEO as at the end of fiscal 2023 under the Corporation’s defined
contribution pension plans and its U.S. deferred compensation plans.
Amounts for Mr. Tessier relate to his participation in the Canadian registered pension plan and DC SERP.
Amounts for Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis relate to their participation in the U.S. non-qualified deferred compensation plans
and, in the case of Mr. Hannasch, in the 401(k) plan.

                                                Accumulated value at                                        Non-compensatory Accumulated value at year
                                                                             Compensatory change
                                                   start of fiscal year                                              change                       end
              Alain Bouchard                                       n/a                          n/a                          n/a                          n/a
              Brian Hannasch                               $3,902,549                      $146,887                      $616,968                  $4,666,404
              Claude Tessier                                  $591,040                      $81,587                       $24,349                    $696,976
              Kevin Lewis                                  $1,852,850                       $65,426                      $975,688                  $2,893,964
              Alex Miller                                  $1,431,874                      $200,288                      $289,649                  $1,921,811

           Compensatory change                                                              Non-compensatory change
           The compensatory change is the value of company                                  Non-compensatory amounts include employee contributions
           contributions made for the period from April 26, 2022 to                         and investment returns, net of any benefit payments and
           April 30, 2023.                                                                  refunds and including the effect of changes in exchange rates.




                                                                                                                                                                  78

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Termination and Change of Control Benefit

We do not have employment agreements with our NEOs. The terms of employment and any entitlements are set out in the
offer of employment each executive received at the time of hire or promotion. The offer letter includes a description of the role,
salary, benefits and vacation, as well as the terms of participating in our incentive plans. If an executive’s employment is
terminated, his or her entitlements are according to the laws of the jurisdiction where they reside, and the terms of the
incentive plan documents.
Each executive is subject to non-solicitation and confidentiality provisions to protect the interests of Alimentation Couche-Tard.
The following table shows how each compensation component is treated if employment is terminated.

                                                                      Termination        Termination
              Resignation                 Retirement                  with cause         without cause                    Change in control
Salary        None                        None                        None               As required by law               As required by law
(severance)
Annual        Forfeited                   Pro-rated for the time      Forfeited          Forfeited                        Pro-rated for the time
incentive                                 worked in the fiscal year                                                       worked in the fiscal year
                                          to the retirement date.                                                         to the termination date.

PSUs          Forfeited and cancelled     PSUs remain in effect and All PSUs are         PSUs remain in effect and        Outstanding PSUs vest
                                          are payable at the        cancelled.           are payable at the               immediately and paid out
                                          end of the three-year                          end of the three-year            within 5 days following
                                          term if performance                            term if performance              termination due to a
                                                                                                                          change of control.
                                          conditions are                                 conditions are
                                          met, pro-rated                                 met, prorated
                                                                                                                          Outstanding PSUs shall
                                          to the amount                                  to the amount
                                                                                                                          be paid and valued as at
                                          of time actively                               of time actively
                                                                                                                          the change of control
                                          employed during the                            employed during the              date and the vesting
                                          Performance Period.                            Performance Period.              percentage shall in no
                                                                                                                          case be less than 100%.
RSUs          Forfeited and cancelled     Outstanding RSUs vest     All RSUs are         Outstanding RSUs vest            Outstanding RSUs vest
                                          early and are pro-rated   cancelled.           early and are pro-rated          immediately and are paid
                                          and paid within 30 days                        and paid within 30 days          out within 5 days
                                          from the retirement date.                      from the termination             following the termination
                                                                                         date.                            due to a change of
                                                                                                                          control.
DSUs          Vested DSUs become          Vested DSUs become        All DSUs are         Vested DSUs become               The Board has discretion
              payable upon the earlier    payable upon the earlier cancelled.            payable upon the earlier         to make such provision
              of a delivery by the        of a delivery by the                           of a delivery by the             for the protection of the
              Participant of a            Participant of a                               Participant of a                 rights of the participants
              redemption notice or        redemption notice or                           redemption notice or             as it considers
              December 1 of the first     December 1 of the first                        December 1 of the first          appropriate in the
              calendar year following     calendar year following                        calendar year following          circumstances.
              the termination date and    the termination date and                       the termination date and
              in the case of a U.S.       in the case of a U.S.                          in the case of a U.S.
              Participant, on the         Participant, on the                            Participant, on the
              Distribution Date,          Distribution Date,                             Distribution Date,
              meaning the earlier of      meaning the earlier of                         meaning the earlier of
              the date that is six        the date that is six                           the date that is six
              months and one day          months and one day                             months and one day
              following the Termination   following the Termination                      following the Termination
              Date, and the 30th day      Date, and the 30th day                         Date, and the 30th day
              following the date of       following the date of                          following the date of
              death of a Participant.     death of a Participant.                        death of a Participant.
Matching      Unvested                    Unvested Matching DSUs All Matching DSUs are   Unvested Matching DSUs           The Board has discretion
DSUs          Matching DSUs               will   be     forfeit     and cancelled.       will   be     forfeit     and    to make such provision
              are forfeited and           cancelled at the time of                       cancelled at the time of         for the protection of the
              cancelled.                  the Redemption Date for                        the Redemption Date for          rights of the participants
              Vested Matching             any        U.S.       Eligible                 any        U.S.       Eligible   as it considers
                                          Employee, or at the time                       Employee, or at the time         appropriate in the
              DSUs are payable
                                          of the filing of his or her                    of the filing of his or her      circumstances.
              as DSUs (see
                                          final Redemption Notice                        final Redemption Notice
              above).                     for any other Eligible                         for any other Eligible
                                          Employee.                                      Employee.




                                                                                                                                                       79

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                                                                                Termination                Termination
                   Resignation                    Retirement                    with cause                 without cause                Change in control
Options            Vested Options                 Options must be               All Options are            Vested Options must          The Board has discretion
                   must be exercised              exercised before the          cancelled.                 be exercised within          to make such provision
                   within 90 days.                earlier of (i) expiry of                                 90 days.                     for the protection of the
                   Unvested Options               the Options, or (ii) the                                 Unvested Options are         rights of the participants
                                                                                                                                        as       it     considers
                   are cancelled.                 fifth anniversary of                                     Cancelled.
                                                                                                                                        appropriate     in     the
                                                  the retirement date.
                                                                                                                                        circumstances.
                                                  Unvested Options shall
                                                  continue to vest during
                                                  two years after the
                                                  retirement date.
Pension            No additional value            No additional value           No additional value        No additional value          No additional value
ESPP Shares        Shares can be sold or          Shares can be sold or         Shares can be sold or transferred to a brokerage account (including an RRSP or
                   transferred to a               transferred to a              TFSA) or a share certificate will be issued up until six months after the
                   brokerage account              brokerage account nt          termination date.
                   (including an RRSP or          (including an RRSP or
                   TFSA) or a share               TFSA) or a share
                   certificate will be issued     certificate will be issued
                   up until six months after      up until six months after
                   the resignation date.          the retirement date.
Benefits           End on resignation             Continue as specified in      End on termination         End on termination           End on termination
                                                  the executive’s offer
                                                  letter


The following table summarizes the incremental payments which would be owed to each NEO in the event of a voluntary
resignation, retirement, termination with cause, termination without cause or following a change of control of the
Corporation, assuming a termination date of April 30, 2023.

                                                                                                      Termination             Termination
                                                         (1)                         (2)                                                (3)                          (4)
                                           Resignation                  Retirement                     with cause          without cause          Change of control
Alain Bouchard
Cash severance                                          —                            —                        —                           —                          —
                 (5)
Annual incentive                                        —                      $909,599                       —                           —                   $909,599
Share Units                                             —                    $2,924,465                       —                   $2,924,465             $11,863,267
Stock options                               $27,553,084                   $27,553,084                         —                  $27,553,084             $27,553,084
Total                                       $27,553,084                  $31,387,148                          —               $30,477,549                $40,325,950
Brian Hannasch
Cash severance                                          —                            —                        —                           —                          —
                 (5)
Annual incentive                                        —                    $3,053,663                       —                           —                 $3,053,663
Share Units                                     $4,914,559                   $9,864,267                       —                   $9,864,267             $27,927,322
Stock options                               $67,671,579                   $67,671,579                         —                  $67,671,579             $67,671,579
Total                                       $72,586,138                  $80,589,509                          —               $77,535,846                $98,652,564
Claude Tessier
Cash severance                                          —                            —                        —                           —                          —
                 (5)
Annual incentive                                        —                      $650,012                       —                           —                   $650,012
Share Units                                     $1,731,519                   $1,731,519                       —                   $1,731,519                $4,312,321
Stock options                                   $6,385,760                   $6,385,760                       —                   $6,385,760                $6,385,760
Total                                           $8,117,279                   $8,767,291                       —                  $8,117,279              $11,348,093
Alex Miller
Cash severance                                          —                            —                        —                           —                          —
                 (5)
Annual incentive                                        —                      $875,706                       —                           —                   $875,706
Share Units                                     $1,691,582                   $1,691,582                       —                   $1,691,582                $4,449,077
Stock options                                   $1,004,210                   $1,004,210                       —                   $1,004,210                $1,004,210
Total                                           $2,695,793                   $3,571,499                       —                  $2,695,793               $6,328,993
Kevin Lewis
Cash severance                                          —                            —                        —                           —                          —
                 (5)
Annual incentive                                        —                      $721,433                       —                           —                   $721,433
Share Units                                     $1,343,182                   $1,343,182                       —                   $1,343,182                $3,283,417
Stock options                                   $1,057,119                   $1,057,119                       —                   $1,057,119                $1,057,119
Total                                           $2,400,301                   $3,121,734                       —                  $2,400,301               $5,061,969



                                                                                                                                                                 80

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
 (1) Assumes payment of all DSUs and vested stock options valued as of April 30, 2023. All other Share Units are forfeited and cancelled. The vested stock
     options do not represent an incremental grant.
 (2) Assumes payment of all DSUs, all RSUs pro-rated to the lifespan of each respective award and all vested stock options valued as of April 30, 2023. The
     stock options continue to vest for a period of two (2) years following the date of retirement. The vested stock options do not represent an incremental
     grant. PSUs remain in effect and are payable at the end of the three-year term if performance conditions are met, pro-rated to the amount of time
     actively employed during the Performance Period.
 (3) Assumes payment of all DSUs, all RSUs pro-rated to the lifespan of each respective award, and all vested stock options valued as of April 30, 2023. PSUs
     remain in effect and are payable at the end of the three-year term if performance conditions are met, pro-rated to the amount of time actively employed
     during the Performance Period. The vested stock options do not represent an incremental grant.
 (4) Assumes the immediate vesting and payment of all DSUs, PSUs and all RSUs. PSUs are valued at 100%. Also assumes that the Board uses its discretion
     and determines that all vested stock options shall be paid immediately as of April 30, 2023. The vested stock options do not represent an incremental
     grant.
 (5) Subject to applicable law.


Key Compensation Tables

Summary compensation table
The table below shows the total compensation awarded to each NEO for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023, April 24, 2022, and
April 25, 2021.

                                                                                   Non-equity incentive plan
                                                                                                           (4)
                                                                                            compensation
                                                                                     Annual       Long-term
                       Fiscal                   Share-based      Option-based      incentive       incentive       Pension         All other                 Total
                                          (1)             (2)               (3)                                                           (5)
                       year        Salary          awards            awards            plan             plan         value    compensation            compensation
Alain Bouchard         2023     $1,470,059       $2,793,061        $3,101,825      $909,599                  —           —                    —            $8,274,544
Founder and            2022     $1,470,059       $2,793,113        $1,482,176      $911,437                  —           —                    —            $6,656,785
Executive Chairman     2021     $1,243,897       $2,793,112        $1,205,607     $1,014,341                 —           —                    —            $6,256,957
Brian Hannasch         2023     $2,022,293       $7,767,838        $2,309,222     $3,444,421      $2,475,792      $382,031             $51,971         $18,453,568
President and Chief    2022     $1,897,705       $5,297,625        $1,055,134     $3,017,731                 —   $1,001,068                   —        $12,269,263
Executive Officer      2021     $1,716,644       $5,516,183        $1,196,077     $3,382,511                 —   $1,014,108                   —         $12,825,523
Claude Tessier         2023      $707,063        $1,484,812          $388,884      $683,206         $857,278       $81,587                    —            $4,202,830
Chief Financial        2022      $703,863          $707,063           $95,815      $700,798                  —     $89,391                    —            $2,296,930
Officer                2021      $643,159          $682,953           $98,761      $729,678                  —     $78,732                    —            $2,233,283
Kevin Lewis            2023      $818,473          $806,073          $194,709      $796,520       $1,004,431       $65,426             $59,434             $3,745,066
Chief Growth           2022      $767,206          $612,595           $81,330      $575,706                  —     $61,424                    —            $2,098,261
Officer                2021      $760,914          $630,458           $91,134      $656,396                  —     $65,078                    —            $2,203,980
Alex Miller            2023      $965,564        $1,978,645          $500,683      $927,716       $1,254,293      $299,808            $103,791             $6,030,500
Chief Operating        2022      $771,149          $616,080           $81,797      $570,126         $470,212      $162,593             $85,623             $2,757,580
Officer                2021      $752,985          $597,194           $86,325      $634,089         $656,000      $216,976             $76,253             $3,019,822

(1) Salary                                                                             (3) Option-based awards
Salaries for Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis are paid in U.S. dollars.              Amounts are the fair value of the stock option awards on the grant date,
Amounts were converted to Canadian dollars for reporting purposes using                calculated using the Black-Scholes model and the weighted average
the following average exchange rates for each fiscal year: 1.3287 for fiscal           assumptions in the table below. The benefit the executive actually earned
2023, 1.2539 for fiscal 2022, and 1.3120 for fiscal 2021. Mr. Miller's annual          may be different and could even be zero. See page 84 to read about
base salary was increased from $956,664 to $1,062,960 effective January 2,             vesting and other details of our stock incentive plan.
2023 following his nomination to Chief Operating Officer.
                                                                                                     Expected dividend   Expected     Risk-free        Expected
(2) Share-based awards                                                                               per share           volatility   interest rate    life (years)
Amounts are the fair value of the long-term incentive awards on the grant
                                                                                        2023         $0.44               26.00%       3.07%            8
date, calculated using the weighted average price of the Shares on the TSX
for the five days prior to the grant (see the table below). The number of               2022         $0.35               26.00%       1.12%            8
Share Units awarded as well as the share price for each grant are                       2021         $0.28               25.02%       0.46%            8
expressed on a post-Share Split basis. The amount the executive actually
receives may be different. See Appendix "C" to read about vesting and                  (4) Non-equity incentive plan compensation
other details about our Share Unit Plan.                                               Short-term incentive
               Grant date     Units awarded        Share price                         Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis receive their annual incentive in U.S.
                                                                                       dollars. Amounts were converted to Canadian dollars using the following
2023          2022-09-13        250,641              $59.17
                                                                                       average exchange rates for each fiscal year: 1.3287 for fiscal 2023, 1.2539
2022          2021-07-09        314,393              $45.60                            for fiscal 2022, and 1.3120 for fiscal 2021. Amounts include the fair value
2021          2020-07-09        464,414              $43.48                            of the Matching DSUs on the grant date, calculated using the weighted
                                                                                       average price of the Shares on the TSX for the five days prior to the grant.




                                                                                                                                                               81

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Long-term incentive                                                                   (5) All other compensation
In fiscal 2021 and 2022, Mr. Miller received a special bonus tied to the              All Other Compensation” represents perquisites and other personal
successful integration of the Holiday network of stores. In fiscal 2023,              benefits which in the aggregate amount to $50,000 or more or are
Messrs. Hannasch, Tessier, Lewis and Miller received a special bonus tied             equivalent to 10% or more of a NEO’s total salary for the applicable fiscal
to the completion of the five-year "Double Again" strategic plan. Mr.                 year. The disclosed amounts include a vehicle allowance of $54,704 for
Bouchard was not eligible to receive this special bonus.                              Mr. Miller.


Outstanding share-based awards and option-based awards
The table below includes details about the share units and stock option awards held by each NEO as of April 30, 2023.
                                                               (1)                                                                (2)
                                             Option-based awards                                              Share-based awards

                                                                                                                                                      Market or
                                                                                                                                   Market or       payout value
                                                                                                                  Number of
                                              Number of                                                                         payout value           of vested
                                               securities                                         Value of    Shares or units of share-based       share-based
                                              underlying       Option            Option       unexercised      of Shares that    awards that        awards not
                                             unexercised      exercise        expiration    in-the-money            have not        have not        paid out or
                                                                                                                           (2)                                 (3)
                      Grant date                 options         price              date          options            vested           vested       distributed
Alain Bouchard        Sept. 13, 2022                  —              —                —                —              47,310        $1,119,684                 —
                      April 27, 2022             170,278       $56.89     April 27, 2032      $1,827,083                   —                  —                —
                      July 9, 2021                    —              —                —                —              61,757        $1,461,600                 —
                                       (1)
                      May 12, 2021               130,266       $41.98       May 12, 2031      $3,340,020                   —                  —                —
                      July 9, 2020                67,901       $43.30        July 9, 2030     $1,651,352                   —                  —      $1,538,851
                      July 17, 2019               99,676       $42.18       July 17, 2029     $2,535,757                   —                  —
                      July 18, 2018               95,056       $30.93       July 18, 2028     $3,487,605                   —                  —                —
                      July 20, 2017               92,978       $30.70       July 20, 2027     $3,432,748                   —                  —                —
                      July 20, 2016               96,974       $29.44       July 20, 2026     $3,702,952                   —                  —                —
                      July 22, 2015               96,410       $28.75       July 22, 2025     $3,747,939                   —                  —                —
                      Sept 24, 2014              160,656       $17.25     Sept 24, 2024       $8,092,243                   —                  —                —
                                       (6)
Brian Hannasch        Sept. 13, 2022                  —              —                —                —              92,142            $447,564     $4,904,368
                      April 27, 2022             126,767       $56.89     April 27, 2032      $1,360,210                   —                  —                —
                      July 9, 2021                    —              —                —                —             117,133        $2,772,177                 —
                      May 12, 2021                92,734       $41.98       May 12, 2031      $2,377,700                   —                  —                —
                      July 9, 2020                95,506       $43.30        July 9, 2030     $2,322,706                   —                  —      $3,046,476
                      July 17, 2019               94,348       $42.18       July 17, 2029     $2,400,213                   —                  —                —
                      July 18, 2018              167,910       $30.93       July 18, 2028     $6,160,618                   —                  —                —
                      July 20, 2017              158,052       $30.70       July 20, 2027     $5,835,280                   —                  —                —
                      July 20, 2016              163,796       $29.44       July 20, 2026     $6,254,550                   —                  —                —
                      July 22, 2015              152,456       $28.75       July 22, 2025     $5,926,727                   —                  —                —
                      Sept 24, 2014              900,000       $17.25     Sept 24, 2024      $45,333,000                   —                  —                —
                      Sept 24, 2014              210,868       $17.25     Sept 24, 2024      $10,621,421                   —                  —                —
                                       (5)
Claude Tessier        Sept. 13, 2022                  —              —                —                —              16,911             $38,020       $747,319
                      April 27, 2022              21,348       $56.89     April 27, 2032        $229,064                   —                  —                —
                      July 9, 2021                    —              —                —                —              10,161                  —        $369,999
                                       (4)
                      July 16, 2021                   —              —                —                —                 518             $35,043       $227,849
                      May 12, 2021                 8,421       $41.98       May 12, 2031        $215,914                   —                  —                —
                      July 9, 2020                 7,886       $43.30        July 9, 2030       $191,788                   —                  —        $376,255
                      July 17, 2019                8,094       $42.18       July 17, 2029       $205,911                   —                  —                —
                      July 18, 2018               10,718       $30.93       July 18, 2028       $393,243                   —                  —                —
                      July 20, 2017               10,484       $30.70       July 20, 2027       $387,069                   —                  —                —
                      July 20, 2016               10,616       $29.44       July 20, 2026       $405,372                   —                  —                —
                      March 22, 2016             123,526       $29.23    March 22, 2026       $4,742,163                   —                  —                —




                                                                                                                                                           82

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
                                                                (1)                                                                   (2)
                                            Option-based awards                                                  Share-based awards

                                                                                                                                                         Market or
                                                                                                                                       Market or      payout value
                                                                                                                      Number of
                                             Number of                                                                              payout value          of vested
                                              securities                                              Value of    Shares or units of share-based      share-based
                                             underlying        Option                Option       unexercised      of Shares that    awards that       awards not
                                            unexercised       exercise            expiration    in-the-money            have not        have not       paid out or
                                                                                                                               (2)                                (3)
                   Grant date                   options          price                  date          options            vested           vested      distributed
                                      (6)
Alex Miller         Sept. 13, 2022                   —                —                   —                —              22,666            $59,571     $1,031,689
                    April 27, 2022               27,485        $56.89       April 27, 2032          $294,914                  —                  —                —
                    July 9, 2021                     —                —                   —                —               8,854                 —        $322,343
                    May 12, 2021                  7,189        $41.98           May 12, 2031        $184,326                  —                  —                —
                    July 9, 2020                  6,893        $43.30            July 9, 2030       $167,638                  —                  —        $329,001
                    July 17, 2019                 6,808        $42.18           July 17, 2029       $173,196                  —                  —                —
                    July 18, 2018                 8,084        $30.93           July 18, 2028       $296,602                  —                  —                —
                    July 20, 2017                 5,444        $30.70           July 20, 2027       $200,992                   —                 —                —
                    July 20, 2016                 4,844        $29.44           July 20, 2026       $184,968                   —                 —                —
                    March 22, 2016                2,728        $29.23      March 22, 2026           $104,728                   —                 —                —
                                      (6)
Kevin Lewis         Sept. 13, 2022                   —                —                   —                —              10,147            $86,002       $667,213
                    April 27, 2022               10,688        $56.89       April 27, 2032          $114,682                   —                 —                —
                    July 9, 2021                     —                —                   —                —               8,804                 —        $320,570
                    May 12, 2021                  7,148        $41.98           May 12, 2031        $183,275                   —                 —                —
                    July 9, 2020                  7,277        $43.30            July 9, 2030       $176,977                   —                 —        $347,370
                    July 17, 2019                 7,188        $42.18           July 17, 2029       $182,863                   —                 —                —
                    July 18, 2018                 9,548        $30.93           July 18, 2028       $350,316                   —                 —                —
                    July 20, 2017                 9,076        $30.70           July 20, 2027       $335,086                   —                 —                —

(1)   Mr. Bouchard was granted 67,901 options on July 9, 2020, representing 200% instead of 286% of his annual base salary. As a result, on May 12, 2021
      Mr. Bouchard was granted an additional 30,115 options at an exercise price of $41.98 to reach his target of 286%.
(2)   Consists of unvested PSUs or RSUs.
(3)   Consists of vested unpaid RSUs and DSUs.
(4)   Mr. Tessier elected to receive a portion of his fiscal 2022 bonus in DSUs with the Corporation matching up to 25%.
(5)   This amount includes the election Mr. Tessier made to receive a portion of his fiscal 2023 bonus in DSUs with the Corporation matching up to 25%.
(6)   This amount includes the election Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis made to receive a portion of their fiscal 2022 bonus in DSUs with the Corporation
      matching up to 25%.

(1) Option-based awards                                                                   For fiscal 2021 grants, payouts are based 35% on service of employment
Our issued and outstanding Shares were split three-for-one on                             and 65% on corporate performance against pre-determined objectives
April 14, 2014, and two-for-one on September 20, 2019. The number of                      that were set at the time of grant. The amount shown here is the
outstanding options and the exercise price were adjusted accordingly. This                estimated minimum payout of the award (35% based on service of
is reflected in the number of securities underlying unexercised options.                  employment).
The option exercise price is the weighted average closing price of a board                For fiscal 2021, 2022, and 2023, Share Units consist of unvested PSUs and
lot of the Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately before                 RSUs, and include PSUs or RSUs issued as Dividend Equivalents earned
the grant date.                                                                           during 2021 and 2022. For 2023, Share Units may also consist of Unvested
                                                                                          Matching DSUs. For the purpose of this table, the value of DSUs that have
Options expire on the 10th anniversary of the grant date and vest 20%
                                                                                          vested but not been paid out at fiscal year-end is determined by
each year beginning on the grant date.
                                                                                          multiplying the number of vested DSUs held as at April 30, 2023 by the
The value of unexercised in-the-money options is the difference between                   closing price of our Shares on the TSX on April 28, 2023, the last trading
the closing price of our Shares on the TSX on April 28, 2023, the last                    day of fiscal 2023 ($67.62). Actual payouts may be different depending on
trading day of fiscal 2023 ($67.62) and the exercise price of the option.                 corporate performance.
Options only have value if our share price is higher than the exercise price.
(2) Share-based awards
Share units were granted in fiscal 2021, 2022 and 2023 under our Share
Unit Plan (formerly our Phantom Stock Unit Plan) and will vest at the end
of a three-year period in fiscal 2023, 2024 and 2025.




                                                                                                                                                              83

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Incentive plan awards – value vested or earned during the fiscal year
The table below shows the total value that each NEO would have realized if their option-based awards had been exercised on the
vesting date and paid out in fiscal 2023, their share-based awards that had vested and were paid out in fiscal 2023, and their non-
equity incentive plan compensation which was earned during the fiscal 2023 year.

                                                                                                                                               Non-equity incentive plan
                                                              (1)                                                           (2)                 (3)
                                         Option-based awards – value vested                         Share-based awards –            compensation – value earned during
                                                        during the fiscal year            value vested during the fiscal year                                  the year
Alain Bouchard                                                         $1,105,553                                     $2,911,786                               $909,599
Brian Hannasch                                                         $1,331,305                                     $9,813,699                              $3,053,663
Claude Tessier                                                            $99,396                                     $1,364,427                               $650,012
Alex Miller                                                               $80,105                                     $1,499,532                               $875,706
Kevin Lewis                                                               $88,322                                     $1,214,672                               $721,433

(1) Option-based awards                                                                    using $59.17, the weighted average price of the Shares on the TSX for the
                                                                                           five days prior to the grant date. This amount includes the election Messrs.
The value of stock options that vested in fiscal 2023 was determined by
                                                                                           Hannasch, Tessier, Miller and Lewis made to receive a portion of their
multiplying the number of options that vested by the difference between
                                                                                           bonus in DSUs.
the exercise price of the options and the closing price of the Shares on the
TSX on each respective vesting date.                                                       (3) Non-equity incentive plan compensation
                                                                                           Includes the annual incentive paid for fiscal 2023 to all NEOs. Messrs.
(2) Share-based awards
                                                                                           Hannasch, Miller and Lewis are paid in U.S. dollars. Their annual non-
Includes the payout of the Share Units granted in fiscal 2020 and paid out                 equity incentive amount was converted into Canadian dollars using
on July 16, 2022, calculated using $52.52, the weighted average price of the               1.3287, the average exchange rate for fiscal 2023.
Shares on the TSX for the five days prior to the payout date, as well as the
value of DSUs granted and vested on September 13, 2022, calculated

Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans
Additional information relating to the Stock Incentive Plan
                                          Number of Shares to be issued                        Weighted-average         Number of Shares remaining
                                           upon exercise of outstanding                         exercise price of available for future issuance under
As at April 30, 2023                                            options                      outstanding options                              the plan
Equity compensation plan
approved by security holders                                   3,417,748                                     $32.39                            40,373,479
(stock incentive plan)

The number of Shares to be issued upon exercise of all currently outstanding and unexercised options represents
0.35% of our total issued and outstanding Shares as at April 30, 2023.
Burn rate
The table below shows the annual burn rate for granted stock options for the last three fiscal
years. The burn rate is the total stock options granted in each fiscal year expressed as a                                           BURN RATE AND
percentage of the average number of outstanding and issued Shares during the fiscal year.                                            OVERHANG
                                                                            2023                   2022                   2021       Our annual burn rate for fiscal
Number of stock options granted                                          425,675                 286,232                219,781
                                                                                                                                     2023 is 0.042% and the total
                                                                                                                                     potential dilution of our stock
Average total number of outstanding and issued
Shares during the fiscal year
                                                                    1,007,550,721        1,062,043,526          1,105,314,385        options at the end our fiscal
                                                                                                                                     year is 4.11%.
Burn rate                                                                 0.042%                 0.027%                 0.020%

Overhang
The table below shows the overhang or total potential dilution at the end of the fiscal year and the last two fiscal years. The
overhang is the sum of the total stock options outstanding and unexercised at the end of the year and the total number of options
available for future grants expressed as a percentage of the total number of outstanding and issued Shares at the end of that fiscal
year.
                                                                                         2023                   2022                   2021
Number of outstanding and unexercised stock options granted (A)                      3,417,748              3,423,733              3,267,501
Options available for issuance under the plan (B)                                   36,955,731             37,371,081             37,657,313
Total potential dilution (C) equals (A + B)                                         40,373,479             40,794,814             40,924,814
Total Shares outstanding and issued at year end (D)                             981,332,584          1,032,935,943          1,080,115,446
Overhang (E) equals (C divided by D)                                                    4.11%                  3.95%                  3.79%

The number of options remaining available for grant under the plan represent 4.11% of our total issued and outstanding Shares as
at April 30, 2023.



                                                                                                                                                                  84

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2023 Management Information Circular
Appendices
Appendix A – Glossary
Appendix B – Mandate of the Board of Directors
Appendix C – Summary of our Long-Term Incentive Plans
Appendix D – Shareholder Proposals
Appendix E – Non-IFRS measures
Appendix A

Glossary
In this document:
    ▪   “Audit Committee” means the Audit Committee of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Board” or “Board of Directors” means the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
    ▪   “CEO” means the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation.
    ▪   “CFO” means the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Chairperson” or “Chairman” means the Chairperson of the Board of Directors.
    ▪   “Circular” means this management information circular.
    ▪   “Class A Shares” means the Class A multiple voting shares of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Class B Shares” means the Class B subordinate voting shares of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Clawback Policy” means the executive compensation clawback policy adopted by the Corporation which allows it to
        require repayment of incentive compensation under certain circumstances.
    ▪   “Code” means, collectively, the Ethics Code of Conduct adopted by the Corporation and ancillary policies related to ethical
        business practices.
    ▪   “Common Shares” means the Common shares of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Conversion Event” means the date when the Class A Shares were converted to Common Shares.
    ▪   “Corporation”, “we”, “us”, “our”, “Couche-Tard”, “Alimentation Couche-Tard” means Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.
    ▪   “Director Nominees” means the directors for nomination to the Board.
    ▪   “Diversity Policy” means a formal Policy adopted by the Corporation regarding Diversity on the Board of Directors and in
        Executive Officer Positions.
    ▪   “Dividend Equivalents” means that all outstanding Share Units benefit from dividend accruals in the form of additional
        Share Units upon payment of normal cash dividends on Shares.
    ▪   “DSUP” means the Deferred Share Unit Plan adopted by the Corporation.
    ▪   “DSUs” means Deferred Share Units granted by the Corporation pursuant to the Deferred Share Unit Plan.
    ▪   “DSU Match” or "Match Eligible Remuneration" means the Corporation grants additional DSUs equal to twenty-five
        percent (25%) of the number of DSUs credited to the account of such executive pursuant to their DSU Voluntary Election.
    ▪   “DSU Voluntary Election” means NEOs and other executives are able to participate in our DSUP by electing to receive up
        to 50% of their short-term incentive award payout in DSUs instead of cash.
    ▪   “ESG” means environmental, social and governance.
    ▪   “Executive Directors” means directors who are employed by the Corporation.
    ▪   “HRCG Committee” means the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee of the Corporation.
    ▪   “KRAs” means the key result areas of the Named Executive Officers.
    ▪   "Matching DSUs" means on the same date as DSUs are granted to a Participant in respect of a deferral of Match Eligible
        Remuneration, additional DSUs may be granted to the Participant as a matching grant of DSUs.
    ▪   “Meeting” means our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be held on Thursday, September 7, 2023.
    ▪   “NCIB” means Normal Course Issuer Bid, a share repurchase program.
    ▪   “Non-Executive Directors” means directors who are not otherwise employed by the Corporation
    ▪   “Performance Period” means the three (3) years period commencing at the beginning of the fiscal year in which the PSU
        is granted.
    ▪   “PSU” means performance share units granted by the Corporation pursuant to the Stock Unit Plan.
    ▪   “Record Date” means July 10, 2023, being the date for determination of Shareholders entitled to receive notice of and to
        vote at the Meeting.
    ▪   “RSU” means restricted share units granted by the Corporation pursuant to the Stock Unit Plan.
    ▪   “Shares” means the Common Shares of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Share Units” means PSUs, RSUs and DSUs, collectively.
    ▪   “Stock Incentive Plan” means the Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan effective March 17, 2021.
    ▪   “TSX” means the Toronto Stock Exchange.
    ▪   “TSX Trust” means the TSX Trust Company, the Corporation's Transfer Agent.
    ▪   “Vested PSUs” means the number of PSUs that will vest for a Participant will correspond to the number of PSUs granted to
        such Participant on the grant date (including Dividend Equivalents) multiplied by the Vesting Percentage.
    ▪   “Vesting Percentage” means the percentage of performance achieved during the Performance Period, as determined by
        the HRCG Committee, not to exceed 200%.


Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                                           86
Appendix B

Mandate of the Board of Directors
    A.    Purpose
The role of the board of directors of the Corporation (the "Board") is to supervise the management of the business and affairs of
the Corporation. The Board, directly and through its committees, shall provide direction to senior management, generally through
the president and chief executive officer (the "CEO"), to pursue the best interests of the Corporation.
    B.    Duties and Responsibilities
The Board is responsible for the overall conduct of the Corporation and in exercising its powers and discharging its duties, shall act
honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the Corporation and exercise the care, diligence and skill that a
reasonably prudent person would exercise in comparable circumstances. In considering what is in the best interests of the
Corporation, the Board may look at the interests of inter alia, shareholders, employees, creditors, consumers, governments and the
environment to inform its decisions. These interests are, among other things, represented by pursuing a policy aimed at sustainable
responsibility.
In furtherance of its purpose, the Board shall assume the following duties and responsibilities:
Strategy and Budget
    1.    Ensure that a strategic planning process is in place and approve, at least on an annual basis, a strategic plan which may
          take into account, among other things, the longer-term opportunities and risks of the business;
    2.    Approve the Corporation's annual operating and capital budgets;
    3.    Review operating and financial performance results in relation to the Corporation's strategic plan and budgets;
    4.    Approve all significant decisions outside of the ordinary course of the Corporation's business, including major financings,
          acquisitions, and dispositions or material departures from the strategic plan or budgets;
Environmental, Social and Governance
    5.    Review, approve and monitor the Corporation's goals, strategies and commitments related to sustainability and ESG,
          including climate risks, and opportunities, human rights and human capital management, community and social impact,
          and diversity and inclusion.
    6.    Develop the Corporation's approach to, and disclosure of, corporate governance practices and oversee the development
          by the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee (the "HR&CG Committee") of a set of corporate
          governance guidelines and principles that are specifically applicable to the Corporation;
    7.    Approve the nomination of directors to the Board, as well as:
            a. Ensure that a majority of the Corporation's directors have no direct or indirect material relationship with the
                Corporation and determine who, in the reasonable opinion of the Board, are independent pursuant to applicable
                legislation, regulation and listing requirements;
            b. Develop appropriate qualifications and criteria for the selection of Board members;
    8.    Appoint the chairperson of the Board (the "Chairperson") and if the Chairperson is an Executive Chairperson, a lead
          director (the "Lead Director") and the chairpersons and members of each committee of the Board, in consultation with
          the relevant committee of the Board;
    9.    Along with the HR&CG Committee, provide and oversee an orientation and continuing education program for newly
          appointed directors;
    10.   Review the disclosure in the Corporation's public disclosure documents relating to corporate governance practices and
          conduct a periodic review of the relationship between management and the Board, particularly in a view to ensure
          effective communication and the provision of information to directors in a timely manner;
    11.   Assess annually the effectiveness and contribution of the Board, the Chairperson, each committee of the Board and their
          respective chairperson and individual directors;
    12.   Review and approve the Code of Conduct of the Corporation with the purpose of promoting integrity and deterring
          wrongdoing, and encouraging and promoting a culture of ethical business conduct and as required, oversee compliance
          with the Corporation's Code of Conduct by directors, officers and other management personnel and employees;
    13.   Receive reports from the HR&CG Committee regarding any breach of the policies with respect to business conduct and
          ethics, including the Code of Conduct and review investigations and any resolutions of complaints received under such
          policies;




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                                              87
    14. Delegate (to the extent permitted by law) to the CEO, other executive officers and management personnel appropriate
        powers to manage the business and affairs of the Corporation;
    15. Act and function independently from management in fulfilling its fiduciary obligations;
    16. Review, approve and oversee the implementation of the Corporation's material policies, including the insider trading
        policy, health and safety policies and practices and measures for receiving feedback from the Corporation's stakeholders,
        and oversee compliance of these policies by directors, executive officers and other management personnel and
        employees;
    17. Review and approve, as required, the Corporation's environmental policies and management systems;
Human Resource Management and Compensation
    18. Appoint the CEO and the Chief Financial Officer (the "CFO") of the Corporation, following the recommendation of the
        HR&CG Committee;
    19. Approve and/or develop, as applicable written position descriptions for the role of the CEO and the CFO, which includes
        delineating management's responsibilities, as well as written position descriptions for the role of the chairperson of each
        of the committees of the Board and the Lead Director;
    20. Approve the Corporation's compensation policy for directors, if any;
    21. Review and approve, following the recommendation of the HRCG Committee, the corporate goals and objectives that the
        Executive Chairman, if any, the CEO, the CFO and other executive officers are responsible for meeting and reviewing the
        performance of these individuals against such corporate goals and objectives;
    22. Review and approve, following the recommendation of the HR&CG Committee, the compensation of the Executive
        Chairman, if any, the CEO, the CFO and other executive officers of the Corporation (including participation in compensation
        and benefits policies or changes thereto);
    23. Satisfy itself as to the integrity of the Executive Chairman, if any, the CEO and other executive officers and that the CEO and
        other executive officers create a culture of integrity throughout the organization;
    24. Review and approve, following the recommendation of the HR&CG Committee, the succession planning relating to the
        position of the CEO, other executive officers, the chairperson of the Board and of each of the committees and the Lead
        Director;
Risk Management, Capital Management and Internal Controls
    25. Identify and assess periodically the principal risks of the Corporation's business, and ensure the implementation of
        appropriate systems to manage these risks;
    26. Ensure the integrity of the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting, management of information systems,
        disclosure controls and procedures, financial disclosure and the safeguarding of the Corporation's assets;
    27. Together with the Audit Committee, review, approve and oversee the Corporation's disclosure controls and procedures;
Communications
    28. In conjunction with management, meet with the Corporation's shareholders at the annual meeting and be available to
        respond to questions at that time;
    29. Monitor investor relations programs and communications with analysts, the media and the public;
    30. Review, approve and oversee the implementation of the Corporation's disclosure policy;
Financial Reporting, Auditors and Transactions
    31. Review and approve, as required, the Corporation's financial statements and related financial information; and
    32. Appoint (including terms and review of engagement), subject to approval of shareholders, and remove the Corporation's
        auditor;
    33. Review and approve mergers and acquisition opportunities and financings
    C. Composition
    34. The composition and organization of the Board, including the number, qualifications and remuneration of directors, the
        number of Board meetings, Canadian residency requirements, quorum requirements, meeting procedures and notices of
        meetings shall comply with applicable requirements of the Canada Business Corporations Act, the securities laws and
        regulations applicable in the Province of Québec and the articles and by-laws of the Corporation, subject to any
        exemptions or relief that may be granted from such requirements from time to time.
    35. With respect to diversity, the objectives pursued by the Board is to have a variation of age, gender, expertise, social
        background, ethnicity, and nationality.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                                               88
   D.   Committees of the Board
   36. Subject to applicable law, the Board shall establish, if needed, other Board committees or merge or dispose of any Board
       committee in addition to the Audit Committee and the HR&CG Committee.
   37. In conjunction with the HR&CG Committee, the Board shall review the appropriate structure, size, composition, mandate
       and members for each Board committee, and approve any modifications to such items as considered advisable. The Board
       may review, from time to time, each charter and consider any suggested amendments for approval. In addition, the Board
       may institute procedures to ensure that the Board and the Board committees function independently of management.
   38. To facilitate communication between the Board and each of the Board committees, each committee chairperson shall
       provide a summary and, to the extent necessary, a report, to the Board on material matters considered by the committee
       at the first Board meeting following the committee's meeting.
   E. Meeting
   39. The Board shall meet at least once in each quarter, with additional meetings held as deemed advisable. The Chairperson
        shall be primarily responsible for the agenda and for supervising the conduct of any Board meeting. Any director may
        propose the inclusion of items on the agenda, request the presence of, or a report by any member of senior management,
        or at any Board meeting raise subjects that are not on the agenda for that meeting.
   40. The Board shall conduct meetings of the Board in accordance with the Corporation's articles and by-laws.
   41. The secretary of the Corporation (the "Corporate Secretary"), his or her designate or any other person the Board
        requests, shall act as secretary of Board meetings.
   42. Minutes of Board meetings shall be recorded and maintained by the Corporate Secretary, or any other person acting in
        such capacity, and subsequently presented to the Board for approval.
   43. The independent members of the Board may hold regularly-scheduled meetings, or portions of regularly scheduled
        meetings, at which non-independent directors and members of management are not present.
   44. Each director is expected to attend all meetings of the Board and any committee of which he or she is a member.
   45. The Board shall have unrestricted access to management and employees of the Corporation (including, for greater
        certainty, its affiliates, subsidiaries and their respective operations).
   F.   Other
   46. The Board shall perform any other function as prescribed by law or as not delegated by the Board to one of the
       committees of the Board or to management personnel.
   47. This Board Charter is a statement of broad policies and is intended as a component of the flexible governance framework
       within which the Board, assisted by its committees, directs the affairs of the Corporation. While it should be interpreted in
       the context of all applicable laws, regulations and listing requirements, as well as in the context of the Corporation's
       articles and by-laws, it is not intended to establish any legally binding obligations.
   G.   Limitations on Board's duties
   48. Nothing contained in this charter is intended to expand applicable standards of conduct under statutory or regulatory
       requirements for the directors of the Corporation.
   49. Members of the Board are entitled to rely, absent knowledge to the contrary, on (i) the integrity of the persons and
       organizations from whom they receive information, and (ii) the accuracy and completeness of the information provided.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                                            89
Appendix C
Summaries of our Long-Term Incentive Plans
    A.   Summary of the Stock Incentive Plan of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.:
Effective March 17, 2021 (the “Adoption Date”), the Corporation has adopted an Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan, as
amended from time to time, (the “Stock Incentive Plan”) for certain management and key employees holding positions that can
have a significant impact on the Corporation's long-term results. The Stock Incentive Plan was then ratified by the Corporations
shareholder’s at its annual meeting on September 1, 2021. The changes adopted to the Stock Incentive Plan were designed to
ensure the plan’s continued relevancy for incentivizing performance and favoring talent retention. All options issued and
outstanding under the Stock Incentive Plan adopted by the Corporation on September 7, 1999, as amended from time to time,
continue to be governed by the Stock Incentive Plan from its Adoption Date. The full text of our Stock Incentive Plan is available on
SEDAR at www.sedar.com.
The Stock Incentive Plan shall be administered by the Board, or if the Board by resolution so decides, by the Human Resources and
Corporate Governance Committee (the “HRCG Committee”), and the Board shall also be responsible for its interpretation,
construction and application. Pursuant to the Stock Incentive Plan, only those officers, senior executives, employee directors and
other full-time employees of the Corporation or any of its affiliates that occupy key positions as determined by the Board are eligible
to receive Options (“Eligible Participants”). In determining Options to be granted under the Stock Incentive Plan, the Board or the
HRCG Committee, as the case may be, shall give due consideration to the value of each Eligible Participant's present and potential
future contribution to the Corporation's success.
The aggregate number of Shares of the Corporation (the “Shares”) reserved and available for issuance pursuant to Options under
the Stock Incentive Plan is limited to 101,352,000 Shares, of which 40,373,479 were available as at April 30, 2023. Shares in respect
of which an Option is granted under the Stock Incentive Plan but not exercised prior to the cancellation or termination of such
Option, due to the expiration, cancellation, termination or lapse of such Option or otherwise, shall be available for Options to be
granted thereafter pursuant to the provisions of the Stock Incentive Plan. All Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of the Options
granted under the Stock Incentive Plan shall be so issued as fully paid and non-assessable Shares.
Pursuant to the Stock Incentive Plan, in no event can the number of Shares issued from treasury to satisfy the payment of vested
Options exceed 2% of the issued and outstanding Shares at the time.
The Stock Incentive Plan further provides that (i) the aggregate number of Shares reserved for issuance at any time to any one
Eligible Participant shall not exceed 3% of the issued and outstanding Shares at such time, (ii) the aggregate number of Shares
issued to any one insider under the Stock Incentive Plan or any other proposed or established share compensation arrangement
within any one-year period shall not exceed 3% of the issued and outstanding Shares as such time, (iii) the aggregate number of
Shares issuable at any time to insiders and associates of such insiders at any time under the Stock Incentive Plan or any other
proposed or established share compensation arrangement shall not exceed 5% of the issued and outstanding Shares, and (iv) the
total number of Shares issued to insiders and associates of such insiders under the Stock Incentive Plan or any other proposed or
established share compensation arrangement within any one-year period shall not exceed 5% of the issued and outstanding
Shares.
For each grant of Options under the Stock Incentive Plan, the Board shall (i) designate the Eligible Participants who may receive
Options, (ii) fix the number of Options to be granted to each Eligible Participant, (iii) determine the price per Share to be payable
upon the exercise of each such Option (the “Option Price”), which shall not be less than the market value of such Shares at the time
of the grant, and (iv) determine the relevant vesting provisions, including performance criteria, if any, and the term of the Option
which shall not exceed ten years (the “Option Term”), the whole subject to the terms and conditions of the Stock Incentive Plan. For
purposes of the Stock Incentive Plan, the “market value” of the Shares shall be: (i) if the grant is made outside a black-out period, the
greater of (a) the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five (5) trading day-period ending on the
last trading day before the day on which the Option is granted and (b) the closing market price of a Share on the TSX on the last
trading day before the day on which the grant is approved; or (ii) if the grant is approved by the Board or the HRCG Committee on a
day that is in a black-out period or within five (5) trading days after the end of a black-out period, then the grant will be deemed to
                           th
have been made on the 6 trading day following the end of such black-out period a the market value shall be equal to the greater of
(a) the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five (5) trading day-period ending on the last trading
day before the day on which the Option is deemed to be granted and (b) the closing market price of a Share on the TSX on the last
trading day before the day on which the Option is deemed to be granted.
Unless otherwise determined by the Board, all unexercised Options shall be cancelled at the expiry of such Options. Should the
Option Term for an Option end during a black-out period or before ten (10) trading days following the end of a black-out period,



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                                                90
unless such extension would result in tax penalties or violate Section 409A of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
                                                                                                                                 th
amended, such Option Term shall be automatically extended without any further act or formality to that date which is the 10
                                                          th
trading day after the end of the black-out period, such 10 trading day to be considered the expiration date for such Option for all
purposes under the Stock Incentive Plan.
Prior to its expiration or earlier termination in accordance with the Stock Incentive Plan, Options are exercisable in whole or in part
and at such time or times and/or pursuant to performance criteria or other vesting conditions as the Board may determine in its
sole discretion at the time of granting the Option.
With the consent of the Board, a Participant may, rather than exercise the Option which the Participant is entitled to exercise under
this Stock Incentive Plan, elect to surrender all or a portion of such Option to the Corporation and receive in consideration the
number of Shares, disregarding fractions, which, when multiplied by the market value of the Shares to which the surrendered
Option relate, have a value equal to the product of the number of Shares to which the disposed Option relate multiplied by the
difference between the market value of such Shares and the Option Price of such Option, less any amount withheld on account of
income taxes, which withheld income taxes will be remitted by the Corporation. The market value of the Shares shall be the volume
weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five (5) trading day period ending on the last trading day before the
day on which the Option is exercised or surrendered. Only the number of Shares so received shall be deducted from the reserve in
such a case.
Options are personal to the Participant and shall not be assignable or transferable by the Participant, whether voluntarily or by
operation of law, except by will or by the laws of succession of the domicile of the deceased Participant.
If a Participant’s employment is terminated for cause, Options terminate on the effective date of the termination or the date
specified in the notice of termination.
In the event of the death of a Participant, his/her vested Options at the time of death must be exercised by his/her heirs within 180
days of the Participant’s death or prior to the expiration of the original term of such Options, whichever occurs earlier.
In the event of the injury or disability of a Participant any vested Options on the date of the Participant’s termination of employment
may be exercised by the Participant; however such Options shall only be exercisable within 2 years after the cessation of
employment (or the effective date on which the Participant becomes eligible long-term disability benefits) or prior to the expiration
of the original term of such Options, whichever occurs earlier.
Upon the retirement of a Participant, any vested Option may be exercised by the Participant within 4 years after the retirement date
or prior to the expiration of the original term of such Options, which ever occurs earlier. Unvested Option (or part thereof) shall
continue to vest during 2 years after the date of retirement.
If a Participant’s employment is terminated other than for cause, by death, disability or retirement, any Options may be exercised if
they have vested at the time of termination or cessation of employment. Such Options are exercisable for a period of 90 days after
the termination date or prior to the expiration of the original term of such Options, whichever occurs earlier.
In the event a Participant takes a voluntary leave of absence, any Options may be exercised by the Participant as the rights to
exercise such Options accrue, and such Options shall remain fully exercisable until expiration of the original term of such Options.
The Board may make such changes as it considers appropriate, in its discretion, including changing the vesting conditions and/or
the date on which any Option expires in the event of a change of control or other transaction (such as a reorganization, an
amalgamation, an arrangement or a take-over bid for all of the Shares or the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the
property and assets of the Corporation).
Under the Stock Incentive Plan, shareholder approval is required in order to make any of the following changes:
  ▪ changing the amendment provisions of the Stock Incentive Plan;
  ▪ increasing the maximum number of Shares that can be issued under the Stock Incentive Plan;
  ▪ making a change to eliminate or exceed the insider participation limits set out under the Stock Incentive Plan;
  ▪ reducing the exercise price or cancelling an Option and substituting such Option by a new Option with a reduced price;
  ▪ extending the term of an Option beyond its original expiry date, except in case of an extension due to a blackout period;
  ▪ any amendment which would permit any Option granted under the Stock Incentive Plan to be transferable or assignable other
    than as contemplated by the Stock Incentive Plan;
  ▪ any amendment which would allow non-employee directors to be eligible for awards under the Stock Incentive Plan; or
  ▪ any other change that requires us to receive shareholder approval according to regulatory requirements or TSX policies.
The Board can use its discretion to make the following changes without shareholder approval, provided that such changes comply
with regulatory requirements, which may include but are not limited to:
  ▪ making changes of a “housekeeping” or clarification nature;



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                                               91
  ▪ changing the vesting provisions of an Option; or
  ▪ changing the category of people who may participate in the plan, unless the change increases the participation of insiders.
The Board may generally amend the Stock Incentive plan or any Option without the consent of the participants to whom Options
were granted provided that such amendment shall not adversely alter or impair such Options.
The Stock Incentive Plan also provides that the term of an Option may not be extended beyond 10 years. This is separate from
extending the term by 10 days if the Option expiry date falls within a trading black-out period, or during the 10 days immediately
after the black-out period has been lifted.
Grants are personal and cannot be assigned or transferred, except by will or by the applicable laws of succession. ACT does not
provide for any financial assistance under the Stock Incentive Plan.

The following provisions apply to Option grants upon the termination of employment of participants to whom they were granted:
    •    Termination for cause: All unexercised Options will terminate on the participant’s termination date.
    •    Death: Vested Options will remain exercisable by the liquidator, executor or administrator within 180 days after the
         participant’s death, subject to Options expiry date.
    •    Injury or disability: Vested Options will remain exercisable for up to two (2) years after a disability of injury related
         terminations (subject to Options expiry date).
    •    Retirement: A clear definition of retirement aligned with the Share Unit Plan is provided along with a section providing
         retiring optionees with up to four (4) years from the date of their retirement to exercise their Options (subject to Options
         expiry date). Unvested Options continue to vest during two (2) years after retirement (subject to Options expiry date).
    B.   Summary of Share Unit Plan of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.:
Following a review of the Phantom Stock Unit Plan so as to ensure its continued relevancy for incentivizing performance and
favouring talent retention, and upon recommendation of the HRCG Committee, the Board adopted an amended and restated Share
Unit Plan on June 29, 2020, (the "SUP"). Of note, was the introduction of a formal distinction between time-based share units now
called Restricted Share Units (“RSUs”), and performance-based units now called Performance Share units (“PSUs”, and RSUs and
PSUs are together referred to as “Share Units”). In addition, the SUP was amended to permit participants to benefit from dividend
accruals by crediting notional dividends to a participant’s account in the form of additional Share Units upon the payment of normal
cash dividends on Shares, as well as to adopt other changes aligned with market practices. In May 2021, the SUP was further
amended in order to add clarification as to the payment of Share Units in a situation where an eligible participant ceases to be an
employee of the Corporation after the date of vesting of Share Units, but prior to their payment. In November 2022, upon
recommendation of the HRCG Committee, the Board adopted an amended and restated SUP to clarify the meaning of Dividend
Market Value.
All employees of the Corporation are eligible to receive awards under the SUP, but eligibility to participate does not confer upon any
person a right to receive an award pursuant to the SUP. In determining Share Units to be awarded under the SUP, the Board or the
HRCG Committee, as the case may be, shall give due consideration to the value of each Eligible Participant's present and potential
future contribution to the Corporation's success. The SUP was designed to provide eligible participants with the opportunity to
participate in the long-term success of the Corporation, to promote a greater alignment of their interests with those of
shareholders, to reward eligible participants for their performance of services while working for the Corporation and to provide a
means through which the Corporation may attract, motivate and retain key personnel.
The SUP is administered by the HRCG Committee.
For each award of Share Units under the SUP, the HRCG Committee shall (i) designate the eligible participants who may receive
Share Units (the “Participant”), (ii) determine the number of Share Units (including fractional Share Units) to be credited to each
Participant, having regard to the market value of the Shares at the time of the grant, the whole subject to the terms and conditions
of the SUP. For the purpose of such determination, the “market value” of the Shares shall be (i) if the award is made outside a black-
our period, including if the award is declared outside a black-out period as part of a periodic grant program but with an effective
award date that falls within a black-out period, the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five (5)
trading day period ending on the last trading day before the award date or, if not available, the last available closing market price of
the Shares at the time of the award or (ii) if the award is made during a black-out period, the volume weighted average trading price
of the Shares on the TSX for the five (5) trading day period following the last day of such black-out period, in such case the award
date being deemed to be the 6th trading following the last day of such black-out period.
With respect to each award of PSUs, the HRCG Committee shall also determine the performance measures and objectives that shall
determine the proportion, not exceeding 200% of such awarded PSUs becoming vested PSUs, as well as the performance period,
the whole subject to the terms and conditions of the SUP. The Committee may also, in its absolute discretion, at any time after the
date of an award of PSUs and prior to the payment of the award, make adjustments to the performance measures and objectives



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                                               92
where a relevant indicator of performance no longer exists, has materially changed of is no longer relevant. The performance
period, unless otherwise specified by the Committee at the time of granting of the award, shall be the three (3) years period
commencing at the beginning of the fiscal year in which the award is granted (the “Performance Period”), and shall also be the
restricted period for purposes of time-vesting of RSUs.
As of July 1, 2020, all outstanding Share Units benefit from dividend accruals in the form of additional Share Units upon payment of
normal cash dividends on Shares (the “Dividend Equivalents”).
With respect to each award of PSUs, following the completion of a Performance Period applicable to an award, the HRCG Committee
shall assess the performance in light of the measures identified and the objectives set for such Performance Period. The HRCG
Committee shall then determine the percentage, not to exceed 200%, of performance achieved during the Performance Period (the
"Vesting Percentage") applicable to the award. In making its determination, the HRCG Committee may set the Vesting Percentage
at a higher percentage (not to exceed 200%) than would have resulted based solely on the performance measures and objectives.
The number of PSUs that will vest for a Participant will correspond to the number of PSUs granted to such Participant on the grant
date (including Dividend Equivalents) multiplied by the Vesting Percentage (the “Vested PSUs”).
With respect to each award of RSUs, RSUs (including Dividend Equivalents) credited to the account of a Participant who is still in the
active employment of the Corporation as of the end of the Performance Period shall become vested at that time (the “Vested
RSUs”).
Participants are entitled to receive payment in cash for each Vested PSUs and each Vested RSUs in an amount equal to the number
of Vested PSUs multiplied by the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five trading day period
immediately preceding the date or dates determined by the HRCG Committee as the date(s) on which all or part of an award shall
be valued (the “Valuation Date”) and thereafter be paid, less any applicable withholding taxes.
Upon a Participant’s retirement, if a Participant’s employment is terminated other than for cause, or if a Participant becomes
disabled (as defined in the SUP), a pro-rated payment amount based on the amount of time such Participant was actively employed
during the Performance Period will become payable to the Participant: (i) in the case of PSUs, at the end of the Performance Period
if performance conditions are met, and (ii) in the case of RSUs, within 30 days from the separation date, provided that the Valuation
Date shall be deemed to be the separation date or the date the Participant became Disabled, as applicable, and provided that the
Participant shall cease to accumulate Dividend Equivalents as of the separation date.
Upon the death of a Participant, subject to any express resolution of the HRCG Committee, a pro-rated payment amount based on
the amount of time such Participant was actively employed during the Performance Period will become payable to the Participant:
(i) in the case of PSUs, at the end of the Performance Period if performance conditions are met, and (ii) in the case of RSUs, within
90 days from the date of death, provided that the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the date of death, and provided that the
Participant shall cease to accumulate Dividend Equivalents as of the date of death.
Upon the termination of a Participant’s employment for cause or for any other reason than those specified above, any unvested
Share Units credited to such Participant’s account shall be forfeited and cancelled along with any Dividend Equivalent in relation to
such Share Units.
The SUP also provides that in the event of a termination due to a Change of Control (as defined in the SUP), all outstanding Share
Units shall vest immediately at a Vesting Percentage of 100%, or such higher percentage as may be determined by the HRCG
Committee.
Each Share Unit awarded under the SUP is personal to the Participant and shall not be assignable or transferable by the Participant,
whether voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or by the laws of succession of the domicile of the deceased Participant.
    C.   Summary of Deferred Share Unit Plan
Effective June 29, 2020, the Board approved, following a recommendation of the HRCG Committee, an amended and restated
Deferred Share Unit Plan (the “DSUP”) in order to ensure its continued relevancy for incentivizing performance and favouring talent
retention. The Board approved further amendments to the DSUP on March 17, 2021 in order to comply with certain US taxation
rules, on November 22, 2022 in order to clarify the meaning of Dividend Market Value, and on April 26, 2023 in order to clarify
conditions of payment following the Retirement of an employee. The DSUP, as amended, is designed to enhance the Corporation’s
ability to attract and retain talented individuals to serve as members of the Board and in executive positions, to promote alignment




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                                              93
of interests between participants and shareholders and to assist participants in fulfilling their respective Share Ownership
Requirements.
The DSUP is administered by the HRCG Committee.
For the purpose of the DSUP, “Eligible Directors” are those directors who are not employees of the Corporation and are
designated as such by the Board and “Eligible Employees” are those employees of the Corporation and are designated as such by
the Board. When such Eligible Directors or Eligible Employees are granted Deferred Share Units (“DSUs”), they are also referred to as
“Participants”. DSUs issued under the DSUP can only be settled in cash.
For each fiscal year, in addition to any additional portion elected to be received in the form of DSUs, each Eligible Director shall
receive in the form of DSUs (the exact number of which, rounded down to the next whole DSU, being calculated using the fair
market value at the time of the grant) 50% of the amount of the annual retainer payable to such Eligible Director in respect of his or
her duties as a director of the Corporation for such fiscal (the “Director Annual DSU Remuneration”).
Participation in the DSUP by Eligible Employees remains entirely at the Eligible Employee’s discretion, since no given portion of an
Eligible Employee’s annual remuneration has been determined by the Board to be mandatorily payable in DSUs. For the purpose of
the DSUP, Eligible Employees may elect to receive in the form of DSUs (i) a portion of the short-term incentive compensation instead
of in cash, and/or (ii) all of the RSU portion of the long-term incentive compensation payable to such Eligible Employee in respect of
his or her duties and performance as an employee of the Corporation with respect to a fiscal year (the “Employee Annual DSU
Remuneration”). With respect to the short-term incentive compensation, an Eligible Employee may be permitted to, as determined
by the Board, to defer up to 50% of his or her short-term incentive compensation into DSUs (“Match Eligible Remuneration”) and
receive Matching DSUs in respect of such deferral. On the same date as DSUs are granted to a Participant in respect of a deferral of
Match Eligible Remuneration, additional DSUs may be granted to the Participant as a matching grant of DSUs (“Matching DSUs”).
The number of Matching DSUs granted shall be equal to twenty-five percent (25%) of the first fifty percent (50%) of DSUs granted in
respect of the Participant’s deferral of Match Eligible Remuneration, or such other matching percentage designated by the Board
from time to time. The first DSUs had been issued to Eligible Employees prior to 2020.
The number of DSUs (including Matching DSUs, as applicable) to be credited to an Eligible Director or Eligible Employee’s notional
account shall be determined by dividing (in) in the case of Eligible Directors, the dollar value of the Director Annual DSU
Remuneration and (ii) in the case of Eligible Employees the approved dollar amount of the Employee Annual DSU Remuneration, by
the fair market value at the time of the grant. The “market value” used for purposes of calculating the amount of DSUs so to be
granted shall be the volume weighted average trading price of a Share on the TSX for the five (5) trading days immediately
preceding the date of calculation or such other manner as is required or allowed by the rules and policies of the TSX, or, if not
available, the last available closing market price of the Shares preceding the time of the grant.
A Participant shall be entitled to receive Dividend Equivalents in the form of additional DSUs as of each dividend payment date in
respect of which normal cash dividends are paid on the Shares during the period between the date the DSUs have been awarded
and the Termination Date.
Unless otherwise determined, DSUs, including any Dividend Equivalents, vest immediately upon being granted. Matching DSUs,
including any Dividend Equivalents, will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Participant’s grant notice which
shall be, unless otherwise determined by the Board, at a rate of 1/3 per year on the anniversary date of the grant, over a period of
three years.
No Participant will have any right to receive any payment under the DSUP until he or she ceases to be an Eligible Director (and is not
at that time an employee of the Corporation) or an Eligible Employee (and is not at that time a Director) for any reason (other than
for cause), including by death, disability, retirement or resignation (a “Termination Date”).
Once a Termination Date occurs for a given Participant not subject to United States taxation, such Participant (or its legal
representative in the case of death) will be entitled to file up to two redemption notices requesting settlement of all or part of the
vested DSUs credited to its account by way of a cash payment calculated using the market value on the date of such filing. The
“market value” means the volume weighted average trading price of a Share on the TSX for the five (5) trading days immediately
preceding the date of calculation. Should no redemption notice be filed, then the Participant will be deemed to have filed a
redemption notice for all its DSUs on December 1 of the first calendar year commencing after the date of the Participant’s
Termination Date (other than as a result of the Participant’s death while serving as an Eligible Director or an Eligible Employee, in
which case the determination of the market will be the date of the Participant’s death).
Once a Termination Date occurs for a given Participant subject to United States taxation, such Participant will be entitled to receive
the payment of their DSUs on the Distribution Date, meaning the earlier of (a) the date that is six months and one day following the
                                th
Termination Date, and (b) the 30 day following the date of death of the Participant.



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                                               94
The DSUP also provides that in the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the DSUP), the Board may make such provision for
the protection of the rights of the Participants as the Board, in its discretion considers appropriate in the circumstances, including
without limitation, providing for substitute or replacement deferred share units of the continuing entity (unless substitution or
replacement of the outstanding DSUs is deemed impossible or impractical by the Board, in its sole discretion). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no Participant will be entitled to receive payment for, or in respect of, any DSUs on or before his or her Termination Date.
Finally, in the event of termination of employment for cause (or resignation contemporary to the discovery by the Corporation of
any basis or grounds for termination for cause), all DSUs granted, vested or credited in favor of a Participant will be forfeited and
cancelled effective immediately upon such termination and such Participant will not be entitled to any payment, benefit or other
right under the DSUP.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                                               95
Appendix D
Shareholder Proposal No.1: Disclosure regarding the Language Proficiency of Directors (translated from
French)

Following discussions with the Corporation, MÉDAC agreed to withdraw the following proposal. As requested by MÉDAC, the
proposal and supporting comments, and the Corporation's response are set out below.

Argumentation submitted by MÉDAC in support of its proposal

"It is proposed that the level of language proficiency of the directors be disclosed in the skills matrix appearing in the circular. These
past few years, language has generated much public debate, and this has tarnished the reputation of major public companies as
regards their corporate social responsibility and the way they view their duties and obligations with respect to diversity, an inherent
part of our society. Language, at the heart of our democratic institutions, is indeed a fundamental attribute of the collectivity. These
situations, which are harmful in all respects, must not be allowed to happen again. This is why, among other reasons, it would be
appropriate for all stakeholders to be officially informed of the language proficiency of the directors of the company, more
specifically which languages they understand and speak. “Language proficiency” refers in this context to a level of knowledge
sufficient for a language to be used generally in all spheres of operations of individuals and companies."

Response from the Corporation

Based out of in Laval, Québec, we uphold and comply with the Charter of the French Language and adhere to all requirements
related to the French language in the course of our business activities and operations in Québec. We also comply with all applicable
laws and regulations relating to language in all jurisdictions in which we operate.

As a global corporation, we seek in our Board of Directors a diversity of skills, geographical representation, business background,
cultural background, global expertise, independence, financial and operational skills that meet our strategic needs and priorities.
Please see the section of this Circular entitled Nominees for election to the Board of Directors for detailed information on Board
composition, skills matrix and our approach to recruitment and renewal of our Board.

In light of the foregoing, the Board of Directors believes that its skills metrics currently meets the strategic needs and priorities of
the Corporation, and the Board does not believe that it is necessary to add language proficiency of our directors in the skills matrix,
all the while respecting our obligations globally under applicable language laws and regulations.

Shareholder Proposal No. 2 - Presence of women: breakdown by executive position (translated from
French)

Following discussions with the Corporation, MÉDAC agreed to withdraw the following proposal. As requested by MÉDAC, the
proposal and supporting comments, and the Corporation's response are set out below.

Argumentation submitted by MÉDAC in support of its proposal

"It is proposed that that the Company publish annually, in the form it deems appropriate, a report on the representation of women
in management, from entry level to C-Suite (immediately below the CEO)."

This shareholder proposal sent last year garnered the support of 10.57% of the votes. In its response to the proposal, the company
broke down the requested information. In the spirit of the Act and its regulations and in our view, the company should make this
disaggregated disclosure each year on its own, without being asked or reminded here and needs to commit to it.

The pandemic has completely disrupted our economy and our various workplaces. The crisis has particularly affected women, while
millions of them have had to leave their jobs, favor part-time work or have been simply laid off, given the nature of their work or the
economic sector in which they worked. Companies therefore find themselves with far fewer women in management or in the
process of becoming leaders in the future. This will only accentuate a situation that already existed. According to a study by
          1
McKenzie , while women made up 50% of entry-level employees in the organizations surveyed, they made up only 31% of vice-
president positions and 14% of CEO positions, as this chart.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                                                 96
In particular, there are measures to “mitigate the impact that unpaid parental leave and part-time employment has on the career
                                   2
and income of female employees ”, as women are still today more likely than men to experience such a professional situation,
which constitutes obstacles to their advancement.

Companies cannot take the risk of losing even more women in management positions. The report proposed here will make it
possible to take stock of the situation according to these different levels, to encourage senior managers to set gender diversity
objectives for each of them and to inform all stakeholders about the strategies that will be put in place. in order to ensure the
vigorous nature of the relaunch of activities, in particular after the health crisis.

Response from the Corporation

The Corporation has committed to continue disclosing details related to the presence of women in executive and managerial roles
as set out on page 52 of this Circular.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                                         97
Appendix E
Non-IFRS Measures

To provide more information for evaluating the Corporation’s performance, the financial information included in our financial
documents contains certain data that are not performance measures under IFRS (“non-IFRS measures”), which are also calculated
on an adjusted basis to exclude specific items. We believe that providing those non-IFRS measures is useful to management,
investors, and analysts, as they provide additional information to measure the performance and financial position of the
Corporation.

The following non-IFRS financial measures are used in our financial disclosures:

     •     Gross profit; and
     •     Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and impairment (“EBITDA”).

The following non-IFRS ratio is used in our financial disclosures:

     •     Return on capital employed.

Non-IFRS financial measures and ratios are mainly derived from the consolidated financial statements, but do not have
standardized meanings prescribed by IFRS. These non-IFRS measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for
financial measures prepared in accordance with IFRS. In addition, our definitions of non-IFRS measures may differ from those of
other public corporations. Any such modification or reformulation may be significant. These measures are also adjusted for the pro
forma impact of our acquisitions and impacts of new accounting standards, if they are considered to be material.

Gross profit. Gross profit consists of revenues less the cost of sales, excluding depreciation, amortization and impairment. This
measure is considered useful for evaluating the underlying performance of our operations.

The table below reconciles revenues and cost of sales, excluding depreciation, amortization and impairment, as per IFRS, to gross
profit:

                                                                                                                     53-week period     52-week period
                                                                                                                             ended              ended
(in millions of US dollars)                                                                                           April 30, 2023     April 24, 2022
Revenues                                                                                                                    71,856.7          62,809.9
Cost of sales, excluding depreciation, amortization and impairment                                                          59,804.6          51,805.1
Gross profit                                                                                                                12,052.1          11,004.8

Please note that the same reconciliation applies in the determination of gross profit by category and by geography presented in the
section “Summary Analysis of Consolidated Results for Fiscal 2023” of our Management Discussion & Analysis for the 53-week
period ended April 30, 2023 available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com.

Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and impairment (“EBITDA”). EBITDA represents net earnings plus
income taxes, net financial expenses, and depreciation, amortization and impairment. This performance measure is
considered useful to facilitate the evaluation of our ongoing operations and our ability to generate cash flows to fund our
cash requirements, including our capital expenditures program, share repurchases, and payment of dividends.

The table below reconciles net earnings, as per IFRS, to EBITDA:

                                                                53-week period
                                                                                                       52-week period ended
                                                                          ended
(in millions of US dollars)                                       April 30, 2023   April 24, 2022   April 25, 2021     April 26, 2020    April 28, 2019
Net earnings                                                            3,090.9          2,683.3          2,705.5            2,357.6           1,821.3
Add:
     Income taxes                                                         838.2            734.3            653.6              545.9             370.9
     Net financial expenses                                               306.7            281.0            342.5              284.5             320.1
     Depreciation, amortization and impairment                          1,525.9          1,545.7          1,358.9            1,336.8           1,070.7
EBITDA                                                                  5,761.7          5,244.3          5,060.5            4,524.8           3,583.0




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                                                               98
Return on capital employed. This measure is used to measure the relation between our profitability and capital efficiency. Earnings
before interest and taxes (“EBIT”) represents net earnings plus income taxes and net financial expenses. Capital employed
represents total assets less short-term liabilities not bearing interest, which excludes the current portion of long-term debt and
current portion of lease liabilities. Average capital employed is calculated by taking the average of the beginning and ending balance
of capital employed for the 53 and 52-week periods.

The table below reconciles net earnings, as per IFRS, to EBIT with the ratio of return on capital employed:

                                                                                                                 53-week period      52-week period
                                                                                                                           ended              ended
(in millions of US dollars, unless otherwise noted)                                                                April 30, 2023     April 24, 2022
Net earnings                                                                                                              3,090.9            2,683.3
Add:
      Income taxes                                                                                                          838.2             734.3
      Net financial expenses                                                                                                306.7             281.0
EBIT                                                                                                                      4,235.8            3,698.6
                                                (1)
      Capital employed - Opening balance                                                                                24,001.0           23,971.5
                                          (1)
      Capital employed - Ending balance                                                                                 24,323.0           24,001.0
Average capital employed                                                                                                24,162.0           23,986.3
Return on capital employed                                                                                                 17.5%              15.4%


(1)    The table below reconciles balance sheet line items, as per IFRS, to capital employed:

                                                                                                         As at               As at              As at
(in millions of US dollars)                                                                     April 30, 2023     April 24, 2022     April 25, 2021
Total Assets                                                                                          29,049.2           29,591.6           28,394.5
      Less: Current liabilities                                                                       5,165.0             6,017.4            5,949.7
      Add: Current portion of long-term debt                                                              0.7                 1.4            1,107.3
      Add: Current portion of lease liabilities                                                         438.1              425.4              419.4
Capital employed                                                                                     24,323.0           24,001.0           23,971.5




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2021 Management Information Circular                                                                            99
