ALIMENTATION COUCHE-TARD INC.
Notice of 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
and
Management Information Circular




Virtual meeting via live webcast
Wednesday, September 16, 2020, at 10:30 a.m. (EDT)




                                                                       i
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Dear shareholders

Having completed the second year of our strategic plan to double our business, we remain focused more than ever on improving
the journey in our stores and making our customers’ lives a little easier every day. Throughout the spread of the global pandemic,
we continued to operate our business with a long-term mindset and kept the safety of our employees and customers as our key
priority. Importantly, we remained close to the communities we serve in their time of need and were committed to being part of the
solution. We are excited by the many initiatives that will be playing a larger role in the year ahead and look forward to maintaining
an open dialogue with our shareholders along the way.
You are invited
We are pleased to invite shareholders to Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.’s annual general meeting of shareholders. It will be held on
September 16, 2020, at 10:30 a.m. (Eastern time). This year, to proactively deal with the risks to the health and safety of our
communities, shareholders, employees and other stakeholders, we will hold our annual meeting in a virtual only format, which will
be conducted via a live webcast online at https://web.lumiagm.com/468978505. At this website, shareholders will be able to hear the
meeting live, submit questions and vote their shares on all items of business while the meeting is being held.
We hope that hosting a virtual meeting helps enable greater participation by our shareholders by allowing shareholders that might
not otherwise be able to travel to a physical meeting to attend online while minimizing the health risk that is associated with large
physical gatherings. Most of our shareholders vote in advance of the meeting by proxy using the various available voting channels
and these voting channels will continue to be available. We encourage shareholders to continue to vote in advance by proxy.
Please take some time to read this management information circular before you vote your shares. Detailed instructions about how
to participate at our virtual meeting and a description of the items of business to be considered at the meeting can be found in the
notice of annual meeting of shareholders and the accompanying management proxy circular. Registered shareholders will be able
to sign into the meeting using the control number provided with meeting materials. Beneficial shareholders can appoint themselves
or a proxyholder to participate in the online meeting. Please carefully read the steps required to first appoint yourself or a proxyholder
and then contact our transfer agent in order to receive your online meeting credentials as fully described in the circular.
Fiscal 2020 performance
Fiscal 2020 was a strong year overall for Alimentation Couche-Tard, both financially and operationally. We had record earnings and
stayed on track with our strategic goals. While much of fiscal 2019 was spent building a solid foundation for the future and planting
the seeds for our five-year strategy, fiscal 2020 saw many of our initiatives come together and start bearing fruit. We began to roll
out our new food program in the United States, increased our focus on dynamic pricing and loyalty initiatives, and worked tirelessly
to improve our customer experience across the globe. Our agile operating model, as well as our efforts to drive a higher level of
efficiency in our business helped us to bravely face the unprecedented challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, and to emerge from
this historic year, a better, stronger company.
Global company
Alimentation Couche-Tard oversees nearly 14,500 stores around the world. We would like to thank the 131,000 people working in our
global network for their dedication and entrepreneurial spirit, and express our gratitude to our shareholders for their unwavering
support and continued interest.
Your vote is important
We look forward to engaging with you at our meeting. Please take some time to read this management proxy circular before you
vote your shares. Should you be unable to attend the meeting, we encourage you to complete, sign, and return the enclosed proxy
by the date indicated on your form.
Sincerely,


(s) Alain Bouchard                                           (s) Brian Hannasch


Alain Bouchard                                               Brian Hannasch
Founder and Executive Chairman                               President and Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                                                                             ii
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Notice of our 2020 annual meeting of shareholders and
availability of materials
Please join us at our 2020 annual meeting of shareholders
When      Wednesday, September 16, 2020, at 10:30 a.m. (EDT)                                                  HOW TO GET A COPY OF THE
Where     Virtual meeting via live webcast at https://web.lumiagm.com/468978505
                                                                                                              2020 MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                              INFORMATION CIRCULAR
Purpose of the meeting                                                                                        Registered shareholders
1    To receive our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended                       If you are a registered shareholder
     April 26, 2020, together with the auditor’s report.                                                      or you have already given us
                                                                                                              instructions to send you printed
2    To appoint our independent auditor until the next annual meeting of shareholders and
                                                                                                              documents, your management
     authorize the board to set their compensation.
                                                                                                              information circular is attached to
3    To elect each of the directors nominated to serve on our board until the next meeting.                   this notice.
4    To approve in a non-binding advisory capacity our approach to executive compensation                     Beneficial shareholders
     policies.                                                                                                If you are a beneficial shareholder,
                                                                                                              we are making the management
5.   To vote on the three proposals we received from shareholders this year.
                                                                                                              information circular available online
Voting                                                                                                        instead of mailing it to you,
                                                                                                              according to a set of rules
Please read our 2020 management information circular and exercise your right to vote. The record date
                                                                                                              developed by the Canadian
(the “Record Date”) for determination of Shareholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the
                                                                                                              Securities Administrators called
Meeting is July 20, 2020. Only Shareholders whose names have been entered in the register of Shares
                                                                                                              Notice-and-access.
on the close of business on the Record Date will be entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the
Meeting. Shareholders who acquire Shares after the Record Date will not be entitled to vote such Shares       You can download the
at the Meeting.                                                                                               management information circular
                                                                                                              and other meeting materials at
We have enclosed a proxy form or voting information form with this notice. If you cannot attend the
                                                                                                              http://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/
meeting, please sign and return the form following the instructions on page 6 of the management
                                                                                                              investor-relations/annual-quarterly-
information circular.
                                                                                                              reports/ or on SEDAR at sedar.com.
This year, to proactively deal with the unprecedented public health impact of the COVID-19 outbreak,
                                                                                                              If you would prefer to receive a
and to mitigate risks to the health and safety of our communities, shareholders, employees and other
                                                                                                              paper copy of the management
stakeholders, we will hold the meeting in a virtual only format, which will be conducted via live webcast.
                                                                                                              information circular, please call us
All shareholders, regardless of their geographic location, will have an equal opportunity to participate
                                                                                                              at the number in the box to the left,
in the meeting and engage with directors and management of the Corporation as well as with other
                                                                                                              or send us an email, and we will
shareholders. Shareholders will not be able to attend the meeting in person. At the meeting, you will
                                                                                                              mail it to you at no cost. Note that
have the opportunity to ask questions and vote on a number of important matters. We encourage you
                                                                                                              we will not mail the proxy form or
to participate in the meeting.
                                                                                                              voting instruction form, so please
Registered shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders will be able to attend, participate, vote and         keep the one you received with this
ask questions at the meeting online at https://web.lumiagm.com/468978505. Non-registered                      notice.
shareholders (being shareholders who hold their shares through a securities dealer or broker, bank,
                                                                                                              We need to receive your request by
trust company or trustee, custodian, nominee or other intermediary) who have not duly appointed
                                                                                                              September 4, 2020 if you want to
themselves as their proxy will be able to attend the meeting only as guests. Guests will be able to listen
                                                                                                              receive the management
to the meeting but will not be able to vote or ask questions. Inside this document, you will find important
                                                                                                              information circular before the
information and detailed instructions about how to participate in the meeting.
                                                                                                              meeting. After the meeting, please
Shareholders who wish to appoint a proxyholder other than the persons designated by the Corporation           call 1 (888) 433-6443 to ask for a
on the form of proxy or voting instruction form (including a non-registered shareholder who wishes to         printed copy.
appoint themselves as proxyholder) must carefully follow the instructions in the management

                                                                                                                                              iii
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
information circular and on their form of proxy or voting instruction form. These instructions include the
additional step of registering such proxyholder with our transfer agent, AST Trust Company (Canada),
after submitting their form of proxy or voting instruction form. Failure to register the proxyholder will
result in the proxyholder not receiving a control number that will act as their online sign-in credentials
and is required for them to vote at the meeting and, consequently, will only be able to attend the meeting
online as a guest. Non-registered shareholders located in the United States must also provide AST Trust
Company (Canada) with a duly completed legal proxy if they wish to vote at the meeting or appoint a
third party as their proxyholder.

Questions
If you have any questions regarding this notice, the notice-and-access mechanism or the Meeting please
call AST at 1 (888) 433-6443.


By order of the Board of Directors,
(s) Valéry Zamuner
Valéry Zamuner
Vice-President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Laval, Québec
July 20, 2020

 How to ask for a copy of the management
 information circular
           Call
           1 (888) 433-6443 (toll-free in North America)
           1 (416) 682-3860 (outside North America)

           Send an email
           fulfilment@astfinancial.com




                                                                                                             iv
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Management Information
Circular
Welcome to our 2020 Management Information Circular. We
are sending you this document because you owned shares of
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. on July 20, 2020 (the record
date). Please read it carefully and exercise your right to vote.
Our Board of Directors has approved the contents of this Management Information
Circular and its distribution to shareholders.

(s) Valéry Zamuner

Valéry Zamuner
Vice-President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
July 20, 2020




                                                                                  1
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
TABLE OF CONTENTS

3        General Information
4        About our Shares and Principal Shareholders

5        Voting Information
5        Who can vote
6        Notice-and-Access
6        Appointment of proxyholder
7        How to vote

10       Business of the Meeting
10       Presentation of our consolidated financial statements
10       Appointing of auditors
11       Election of directors
12       Voting on our approach to executive compensation
12       Considering shareholder proposals

14       Nominees for election to the Board of Directors
14       Director profiles
29       Other information about the nominees

30       Director Compensation

35       Corporate Governance Practices
35       About the board
36       The role of the board
41       About the Directors
47       Board committees

49       Compensation Discussion and Analysis
49       Letter from the Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance
         Committee
51       2020 Overview
55       Compensation philosophy and approach
56       Compensation governance
59       Our decision-making process
60       Components and benchmarking
62       2020 executive compensation decisions
68       Compensation details

75       Appendices
76       Appendix A – Glossary
77       Appendix B – Shareholder Proposals
82       Appendix C – Mandate of the Board of Directors




                                                                                 2
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
General Information
We are sending you this document because you owned shares of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. on
July 20, 2020. We encourage you to vote at our annual meeting of shareholders by soliciting your proxy.
We solicit proxies by mail, but brokers and others who hold shares as nominees may send proxy material
to beneficial owners of our shares. We pay the cost of proxy solicitation.



  Where to get more information
  You can find financial information about us in our 2020 Annual Report, which includes our audited,
  consolidated financial statements and management’s discussion and analysis (MD&A). You can learn
  more about the audit committee in our 2020 Annual Information Form. These documents and others
  are on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com) and on SEDAR (sedar.com). If you would like paper copies
  of these documents, please call us or send us an email, and we will mail them to you at no cost:



           Call: 1 (450) 662-6632 (outside North America)


           Send an email Investor.relations@couche-tard.com




The information in this document is as of July 20, 2020, and all dollar amounts expressed herein are in
Canadian dollars unless noted otherwise.




                                                                                                          3
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Our Shares and Principal Shareholders
                                                                                                                             CLASS A SHARES
The Corporation has two classes of Shares: Class A Shares, which have 10 votes per share, and Class B
                                                                                                                             Shares outstanding as at July
Shares, which have one vote per share. Class B Shares are restricted securities as defined by Canadian
                                                                                                                               20, 2020: 253,803,700
securities regulations because they carry fewer voting rights per share than Class A Shares.
                                                                                                                             Voting rights: 10 votes per
The four co-founders – Alain Bouchard, Jacques D’Amours, Richard Fortin and Réal Plourde – are the                             share
only persons who, to the best of the knowledge of the directors and officers, directly or indirectly,                        Total voting rights attached to
beneficially own or exercise control over Shares with 10% or more of the votes attached to our Class A                         outstanding Class A Shares:
and Class B Shares.                                                                                                            74.71%

Conversion rights                                                                                                            CLASS B SHARES
Each Class A Share is convertible at any time into one fully paid and non-assessable Class B Share at the                    Shares outstanding as at July
holder’s option.                                                                                                               20, 2020: 859,144,568
Each Class B Share will automatically be converted into one fully paid and non-assessable Class A Share                      Voting rights: one vote per
on the earlier of the following:                                                                                               share
  ◼  the day all four of our co-founders have reached the age of 65 (in 2021);                                               Total voting rights attached to
  ◼  the day the four co-founders collectively hold, directly or indirectly, less than 50% of the voting rights                outstanding Class B Shares:
     attached to all of our outstanding Class A and Class B Shares.                                                            25.29%

Voting Agreement
Messrs. Bouchard, D’Amours, Fortin and Plourde are parties to a voting agreement pursuant to which
they have undertaken to exercise their respective direct and indirect voting rights in the Corporation in                    CO-FOUNDERS HOLDING
favour of each other’s election to the Board, subject to each co-founder holding, directly or indirectly, a                  Together      Messrs.    Alain
minimum of 9,000,000 Shares of the Corporation (the “Voting Agreement”). Should one of the co-                               Bouchard, Jacques D’Amours,
founders fall under such minimum shareholding, the Voting Agreement will cease to apply to such co-                          Richard Fortin and Réal
founder even if eventually the minimum holding is reached. However, the Voting Agreement will continue                       Plourde own a total of
to apply to the other parties.                                                                                               225,434,008 Class A Shares
The table below shows the total number of Class A Shares and Class B Shares each of the four co-founders                     and 24,753,354 Class B Shares
beneficially owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, as at July 20, 2020:                                               giving them 67.11% of the
                                                                                                                             voting rights of the total
                                                                                         % of total        % of total
                                                        Ownership as a percentage       outstanding      voting rights       Shares issued and outstanding.
                                      Ownership         of total shares outstanding          Shares
                           Class A        Class B           Class A         Class B
                           Shares         Shares            Shares          Shares
Alain Bouchard         115,352,844    14,026,004            45.45%           1.63%            11.63%          34.38%

Jacques D’Amours        63,951,616       253,450            25.20%           0.03%            5.77%            18.84%

Richard Fortin          32,788,260      1,206,800           12.92%           0.14%            3.06%             9.69%

Réal Plourde            13,341,288      9,267,100            5.26%           1.08%            2.03%             4.20%
Mr. Bouchard holds 104,326,512 Class A Shares and 10,390 Class B Shares through Développements Orano Inc., a corporation
he controls. He holds 950,000 Class B Shares through the Sandra and Alain Bouchard Foundation and 266 Class B Shares es
qualité for his daughter, Rose Bouchard. He also holds options granting him the right to purchase 641,750 Class B Shares.
Mr. D’Amours holds 47,727,756 Class A Shares through 9201-9686 Québec Inc., a corporation he controls, and 510,000 Class A
Shares through the Fondation D’Amours.
Mr. Fortin holds 25,060,788 Class A Shares through 9201-9702 Québec Inc., a corporation he controls, and 450,600 Class B
Shares through the Fondation Lise et Richard Fortin.
Mr. Plourde holds 9,208,476 Class A Shares through 9203-1848 Québec Inc., a corporation he controls, and 330,000 Class B
Shares through the Fondation Ariane Riou et Réal Plourde.




                                                                                                                                                       4
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Voting Information
Please join us at our virtual only annual meeting of shareholders. This section of our Circular tells you
about the Meeting, how you can vote, and the items you will be voting on.
When      Wednesday, September 16, 2020, at 10:30 a.m. (EDT)
Where     Virtual meeting via live webcast at https://web.lumiagm.com/468978505


Who can vote                                                                                                   WHAT KIND OF A
                                                                                                               SHAREHOLDER ARE
                                                                                                               YOU?
This year to proactively deal with the public health concerns related to the spread of COVID-19, and to
                                                                                                               You       are     a     registered
mitigate risks to the health and safety of our shareholders, employees, communities and other
                                                                                                               shareholder if your share
stakeholders, the Corporation is providing facilities to allow its shareholders to participate in a virtual
                                                                                                               certificates are in your name.
meeting format whereby registered shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders may attend and
participate in the Meeting via live webcast. Attending the Meeting online enables registered shareholders      You are a non-registered
and duly appointed proxyholders, including non-registered shareholders who have duly appointed                 shareholder if your Shares are
themselves as proxyholder, to participate at the Meeting and ask questions, all in real time.                  held in the name of a bank,
                                                                                                               brokerage firm or other
You can vote at the Meeting if you held Class A or Class B Shares at the close of business on July 20, 2020.
                                                                                                               intermediary.
Registered shareholders
You are a registered shareholder when your name appears on your share certificate. Your proxy form
tells you whether you are a registered shareholder.

If you are a registered shareholder, you will receive a form of proxy containing the relevant details
concerning the business of the Meeting, including a control number that must be used to vote by proxy
in advance of the Meeting, or join the live webcast the day of the Meeting to participate and vote at the
Meeting. At least 10 days before the Meeting, contact us to make sure your name is on the list of
shareholders entitled to vote.

In order to attend the online Meeting, please follow the instructions set below under the heading “How
to vote”.

Non-registered shareholders
You are a non-registered shareholder when your shares are held in the name of an intermediary, usually
a bank, trust company, security dealer or broker or other financial institution. When you receive a voting
instruction form, this tells you that you are a non-registered shareholder.

Your intermediary is required to seek your voting instructions in advance of the Meeting. You will have
received from your intermediary a package of information with respect to the Meeting, including either
a proxy form or a voting instruction form. Each intermediary has its own signature and return instructions.
It is important that you comply with these instructions if you want the voting rights attached to your
shares to be exercised. If you vote by Internet or telephone, you must do so no later than 10:30 a.m.
(Montréal time) on September 14, 2020. In rare cases, non-registered shareholders may have received a
form of proxy instead of a voting instruction form. Such a form of proxy will likely be stamped by the
applicable intermediary. In such case, you may have to follow instructions in this Circular applicable to
registered shareholders.

Non-registered shareholders who have not duly appointed themselves as proxyholder will not be entitled
to vote at the Meeting during the live webcast. If you are a non-registered shareholder and have not
appointed yourself as a proxyholder, you will be able to attend the Meeting as a guest but will not be
able to vote your shares at the Meeting. To appoint yourself as proxyholder, you may follow the
instructions set out below under the heading “How to vote”.



                                                                                                                                           5
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Notice-and-Access

This year once again, as permitted by Canadian securities regulators, we are using notice-and-access (as
defined in National Instrument 54-101 - Communication with Beneficial Owners of Securities of a
Reporting Issuer ("NI-54-101")) to deliver the Meeting materials, including this Circular, to both our
registered and non-registered shareholders.

This means that the Circular is being posted online for shareholders to access, rather than being mailed
out. Notice-and-access gives shareholders more choice, substantially reduces the Corporation’s printing
and mailing costs, and is more environmentally friendly as it reduces materials and energy consumption.
Shareholders will still receive a form of proxy or a voting instruction form in the mail (unless shareholders
have chosen to receive proxy materials electronically) so they can vote their shares but, instead of
automatically receiving a paper copy of this Circular shareholders will receive a notice with information
about how they can access the Circular electronically and how to request a paper copy. This Circular is
available on the Corporation’s website at http://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/investor-relations/annual-
quarterly-reports/ or on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. Shareholders may request a paper copy of this
Circular at no cost, up to one year from the date this Circular was filed on SEDAR. To ensure you receive
the materials in advance of the voting deadline and meeting date, all requests must be received no later
than September 4, 2020. If you do request the current materials, please note that another Proxy/Voting
Instruction Form will not be sent; please retain your current one for voting purposes. Request materials
by calling toll-free within North America at 1 (888) 433-6443, from outside of North America at
(416) 682-3801 or by email at fulfilment@astfinancial.com.


Appointment of proxyholder

Voting by proxy means having someone else (your proxyholder) vote for you. Unless you appoint                   BE SURE TO VOTE
someone else, Alain Bouchard, Richard Fortin or Real Plourde will be your proxyholder. This includes non-       BEFORE THE DEADLINE
registered shareholders who wish to appoint themselves as proxyholder to attend, participate or vote at         Your proxy must be received by
the Meeting online.                                                                                             10:30 a.m. (EDT) on September
                                                                                                                14, 2020, or two business days
If you want to appoint someone else to be your proxyholder, write that person’s name in the space               before the meeting if it is
provided on the proxy form or the voting information form (as applicable), and make sure they follow all        adjourned or postponed in
the instructions set out below under the heading “How to vote”. The person you appoint does not need            accordance with applicable
to be an Alimentation Couche-Tard shareholder.                                                                  Canadian securities regulations.
                                                                                                                The chairman of the meeting
Shareholders who wish to appoint someone other than the Corporation’s proxyholders as their                     can waive or extend the proxy
proxyholder to attend and participate at the Meeting as their proxy and vote their Shares MUST submit           voting deadline at his or her
their form of proxy or voting instruction form, as applicable, appointing that person as proxyholder AND        discretion, without notice.
register that proxyholder, as described below. Registering your proxyholder is an additional step to be
completed AFTER you have submitted your form of proxy or voting instruction form. Failure to register
your proxyholder will result in the proxyholder not receiving a control number that is required to vote at
the Meeting.

          Step 1 - Submit your form of proxy or voting instruction form: To appoint yourself or a third-
          party proxyholder, insert your or such person’s name in the blank space provided in the form
          of proxy or voting instruction form and follow the instructions for submitting such proxy or
          voting instruction form. This must be completed prior to registering such proxyholder, which is
          an additional step to be completed once you have submitted your form of proxy or voting
          instruction form.

          Step 2 - Register your proxyholder: To register yourself or a third-party proxyholder,
          shareholders must call 1 (866) 751-6315 (toll free in Canada and the United States) or
          1 (212) 235-5754 not later than 10:30 a.m. (Eastern time) on September 14, 2020, or, if the
          meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and
          holidays) before the time and date of the adjourned or postponed meeting, and provide AST
                                                                                                                                           6
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
         Trust Company (Canada) with the required proxyholder contact information so that AST Trust
         Company (Canada) may provide the proxyholder with a control number via email. Without a
         control number, proxyholders will not be able to vote or ask questions at the meeting but will
         be able to participate as a guest.

How your Shares will be voted
Your proxyholders will follow your voting instructions. Unless you appoint someone else, Alain Bouchard,
Richard Fortin or Réal Plourde will be your proxyholder (the “Named Proxyholders”) and will vote as
follows:
   ◼ for our auditor;
   ◼ for each nominated director;
   ◼ for our approach to executive compensation; and
   ◼ against each of the three proposals we received from shareholders this year (see page 12 for more
     information).
If any of the nominees is unable to serve as a director for any reason, your proxyholder can vote your
Shares for another nominee at their discretion, unless you have specified on your proxy form that you
have withheld from voting in the election of directors.
If other matters properly come before the Meeting, your proxyholders can vote as they see fit.

Revoking your proxy
If you change your mind about how you want to vote your Shares, you can revoke your proxy by sending
us a new proxy form (signed by you or your authorized attorney) by 10:30 a.m. (EDT) on
September 14, 2020.


How to vote

Registered shareholders
Option 1 – by proxy (proxy form)
You may vote in the following manners:
          1. Go online
         Go to www.astvotemyproxy.com and follow the instructions. You will need the control number
         listed on your proxy form.
         2. Call
         Call 1 (888) 489-7352 toll-free from anywhere in Canada and the United States and follow the
         instructions. You will need the control number listed on your proxy form.
         3. Complete the proxy form and send it by mail, fax or email
         Complete, sign and date your proxy form following the instructions on the form. You can send
         it to us in one of the following three ways:

         Mail it to our transfer agent, AST Trust Company (Canada), using the prepaid envelope
         provided

         Fax it to 1 (416) 368-2502 or toll-free in Canada and the United States to 1 (866) 781-3111

         Scan and email it to proxyvote@astfinancial.com.


AST, the Corporation’s transfer agent, must have received your proxy form or you must have voted by
internet or telephone no later than 10:30 a.m. (Montreal time) on September 14, 2020. See “Appointment
of proxy” for the complete procedure to follow to appoint another person to act as your proxyholder.

Option 2 – virtually at the Meeting online
  1.   Log in online at https://web.lumiagm.com/468978505 at least 30 minutes before the Meeting starts.
  2. Click “I have a control number”

                                                                                                           7
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
  3.   Enter the control number located on the form of proxy or in the email notification you received
  4.   Enter the password “couchetard2020” (case sensitive).
  5.   Follow the instructions to access the Meeting, and vote when prompted.


You have to be connected to the internet at all times in order to be able to vote when solicited – it is
your responsibility to make sure you stay connected for the entire Meeting. You should allow ample time
to check into the Meeting online and complete the related procedure.

Non-registered shareholders and proxyholders
Option 1 – by proxy (voting instruction form)
You may vote in the following manners:

         1. Go online
         Go to www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed
         on your voting instruction form.
         2. Call
         Call 1 (800) 474-7493 (English) or 1 (800) 474-7501 (French) toll-free from anywhere in Canada
         and 1 (800) 454-8683 from the United States, and follow the instructions. You will need the
         control number listed on your voting instruction form.
         3. Complete the voting instruction form and send it by mail
         Complete, sign and date your voting instruction form.

         Mail your voting instruction form in the envelope prodied to:
         DATA PROCESSING CENTRE
         PO BOX 3700 STN INDUSTRIAL PARK
         MARKHAM ON L3R 9Z9


Option 2 – virtually at the Meeting online:
  1.   Appoint yourself as proxyholder by following the complete procedure set out under “Appointment
       of a Proxyholder”
  2. Log in at https://web.lumiagm.com/468978505 at least 30 minutes before the Meeting starts
  3. Click on “I have a control number”
  4. Enter your control number
  5. Enter the password: couchetard2020 (case sensitive)
  6. Follow the instructions to access the Meeting, and vote when prompted.


You have to be connected to the internet at all times in order to be able to vote when solicited – it is
your responsibility to make sure you stay connected for the entire Meeting. You should allow ample time
to check into the Meeting online and complete the related procedure.




                                                                                                           8
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Employees under the Employee Share Purchase Plan (“ESPP”)
If you are an employee of Couche-Tard and you own shares under the ESPP, your shares are registered
in the name of AST, the administrator of the ESPP, until such time as the share are withdrawn from the
ESPP pursuant to its terms and conditions.
Option 1 – by proxy (voting instruction form)
You may vote in the following manners:
        1. Go online
          Go to www.astvotemyproxy.com and follow the instructions. You will need the control number
          listed on your voting instruction form.
          2. Call
          Call 1 (888) 489-7352 toll-free from anywhere in Canada and the United States and follow the
          instructions. You will need the control number listed on your voting instruction form.
          3. Complete the voting instruction form and send it by mail, fax or email
          Complete, sign and date your voting instruction form. You can send it to us in one of the
          following three ways:

          Mail your voting instruction form to our transfer agent, AST Trust Company (Canada), using
          the prepaid envelope provided
          Fax your voting instruction form to 1 (416) 368-2502 or toll-free in Canada and the United
          States to 1 (866) 781-3111

          Scan and email your voting instruction form to proxyvote@astfinancial.com.


Option 2 – virtually at the Meeting online:
  1.   Appoint yourself as proxyholder by following the complete procedure set out under “Appointment
       of a Proxyholder”
  2. Log in at https://web.lumiagm.com/468978505 at least 30 minutes before the Meeting starts
  3. Click on “I have a control number”
  4. Enter your control number
  5. Enter the password: couchetard2020 (case sensitive)
  6. Follow the instructions to access the Meeting, and vote when prompted.

Guests
If you wish to attend the Meeting as a guest, you can attend the Meeting by logging online at
https://web.lumiagm.com/468978505 at least 15 minutes before the Meeting starts. You should allow
ample time to check into the virtual Meeting and to complete the related procedures. You must complete
the “Guest Login” section and click “Enter Here”. Guests will be able to attend the Meeting but will not be
able to submit questions, vote their shares (if any) or otherwise participate in the Meeting.




                                                                                                              9
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Business of the Meeting
The Meeting will cover the following five items of business:
        (1) Presentation of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended April 26, 2020,
            together with the auditor’s report;
        (2) Appointment of the independent auditors of the Corporation for the forthcoming year;
        (3) Election of each of the nominated directors who will serve until the end of the next annual
            meeting of the Shareholders or until their successors are appointed;
        (4) Consideration and approval, in a non-binding, advisory capacity, of the approach to executive
            compensation policies;
        (5) Consideration of three shareholder proposals received this year by the Corporation.
As at the date of this Circular, management is not aware of any other matters to be brought forward at
the Meeting. However, the proxy form confers discretionary authority upon the persons named therein
to vote on any other matters to be brought forward at the Meeting.


1 Presentation of our consolidated financial statements

We will present our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended April 26, 2020, together
with the auditor’s report. We have mailed our consolidated financial statements to shareholders who
have requested to receive a copy. You can also find a copy in our 2020 Annual Report, which is on our
website (corpo.couche-tard.com) and on SEDAR (sedar.com).


2 Appointing of auditor

The Board, on the advice of the Audit Committee, recommends appointing PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,
a partnership of Chartered Professional Accountants (PwC) as our auditor until the next annual meeting        MANAGEMENT
of shareholders at a remuneration to be fixed by the Board. If you have not specified how you want your       RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
Shares voted and if you have authorized the Named Proxyholders as your proxyholder, the Named
Proxyholders will vote FOR the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as independent auditor of            FOR
the Corporation and FOR authorizing the Board to determine their remuneration.
                                                                                                              THE AUDITOR
The Audit Committee has adopted procedures for the pre-approval of engagement for services of its
external auditor, which require pre-approval of all audit and non-audit services provided by the external
auditor. Moreover, the Board, upon recommendation of the Audit Committee, approves, on an annual
basis, the fees charged to the Corporation by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. The table below shows the
fees we paid to PwC for services in the 2020 and 2019 fiscal years respectively:
                                                   Fiscal 2020             Fiscal 2019
                                           (year ended April 26)   (year ended April 28)
Audit fees                                           $2,718,988              $1,930,510

Audit-related fees                                      $86,062                 $80,374

Tax fees                                                 $6,411               $244,677

All other fees                                         $261,093               $287,745

Total                                                $3,072,554              $2,543,306


Audit fees are for auditing our annual consolidated financial statements and for services that are normally
provided by the auditor in connection with an engagement to audit the financial statements of an issuer:
  ◼  statutory or regulatory audit and certification engagements, mainly related to European subsidiaries
     (2020: $1,190,238, 2019: $651,095);
  ◼  consultations related to specific audit or accounting matters that arise during or as a result of an
     audit or review;
  ◼  preparing a management letter; and

                                                                                                                             10
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
  ◼   services in connection with the Corporation’s annual and quarterly reports, prospectuses and other
      filings with applicable securities regulatory authorities (2020: $333,000, 2019: nil).
Audit-related fees are for assurance and related services traditionally performed by an independent
auditor:
  ◼  employee benefit plan audits;
  ◼  assurance engagements that are not required by statute or regulation;
  ◼  due diligences; and
  ◼  general advice on accounting standards including IFRS.
Tax fees are for tax planning and other tax advice related to our international corporate structure.
All other fees are for professional services that do not fall into any of the categories above.
Non-audit services
We have a policy that prohibits the auditor from providing the following non-audit services to us:
bookkeeping or other services related to the accounting records or financial statements, financial
information systems design and implementation, appraisal or valuation services, actuarial services,
internal audit services, investment banking services, management functions or human resources
functions, legal services and expert services unrelated to the audit. The auditor can provide other non-
audit services as long as they are pre-approved by the Audit Committee.


3 Election of directors

It is proposed that 13 directors be elected until the next annual meeting of the shareholders of the
Corporation. Each director so elected at the Meeting will hold office until the end of the next annual       MANAGEMENT
meeting of Shareholders or until his or her successor is appointed, unless his or her office is vacated at   RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
an earlier date. Please see the section of this Circular entitled “Nominees for election to the Board of
Directors” on page 14 for additional information on each of the nominees.                                    FOR
Nathalie Bourque will retire at the close of the Meeting and will not seek re-election as director.          EACH DIRECTOR
Information relating to Mrs. Bourque therefore does not appear below along with the information              NOMINEE
regarding the 13 proposed nominees for election as directors of the Corporation. Because Mrs. Bourque
will act as director up to the Meeting, information concerning her appears in the other sections of this
Circular that pertain to directors.
If you have not specified how you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the Named
Proxyholders as your proxyholder, the Named Proxyholders will vote FOR the election of each of the
Director Nominees. Shareholders should note that the form of proxy or voting instruction form, as
applicable, provides for voting for individual directors as opposed to voting for directors as a slate.
This year the Board approved the 13 nominees listed below to serve as directors until the next annual
meeting of shareholders or until a successor is elected or appointed. Twelve directors served on our
Board last year.
  ◼   Alain Bouchard                 ◼   Jacques D’Amours              ◼   Marie Josée Lamothe
  ◼   Mélanie Kau                    ◼   Janice L. Fields              ◼   Monique F. Leroux
  ◼   Jean Bernier                   ◼   Richard Fortin                ◼   Réal Plourde
  ◼   Eric Boyko                     ◼   Brian Hannasch                ◼   Daniel Rabinowicz
                                                                       ◼   Louis Têtu



 MAJORITY VOTING POLICY
 Shareholders can vote for or withhold their votes for individual directors. According to our majority
 voting policy, directors who receive more withhold votes than for votes in an uncontested election
 will not have received the support of shareholders and must resign. The Human Resources and
 Corporate Governance Committee will consider whether or not to accept the resignation and will
 make a recommendation to the Board. The affected director will not be part of these discussions. The
 Board will announce its decision in a press release within 90 days of the annual meeting of
 shareholders. If it decides not to accept the resignation, it will explain why in the press release.
                                                                                                                             11
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
4 Voting on our approach to executive compensation

As per last year, and in order to enhance transparency with regard to executive compensation, and as
part of our engagement process between shareholders and the Board, we are pleased to once again               MANAGEMENT
offer our shareholders the opportunity to express their views on our approach to executive compensation.      RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
We believe that our approach to executive compensation supports our strategy, is dependent on the
Corporation’s performance and reflects our entrepreneurial culture. Our compensation strategy has four        FOR
elements:                                                                                                     OUR APPROACH ON
  ◼   be competitive;                                                                                         EXECUTIVE
  ◼   pay for performance;                                                                                    COMPENSATION
  ◼   align with shareholder interests; and
  ◼   link to strategy. You can read more about this on page 55.

As such, the Board recommends that shareholders indicate their support to the Corporation’s approach
to executive compensation disclosed in this Circular by voting FOR the following advisory resolution:

RESOLVED, on an advisory basis and not to diminish the role and responsibilities of the Board of Directors
that the shareholders accept the approach to executive compensation as disclosed in this Circular in
advance of the Meeting.

Since this is an advisory vote, the results are not binding on the Board. The Board will, however, take the
results into account, as appropriate, along with comments it may have received from shareholders in the
course of engaging with them when determining its approach to compensation for subsequent financial
years.

If you have not specified how you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the Named
Proxyholders as your proxyholder, the Named Proxyholders will vote FOR the above non-binding,
advisory resolution on executive compensation.


5 Considering shareholder proposals

The Corporation received a total of four shareholder proposals this year from the Mouvement
d’éducation et de défence des actionnaires (“MÉDAC”), a holder of Class B Shares of the Corporation,          MANAGEMENT
having its principal office at 82 Sherbrooke Street West, Montreal, Quebec, H2X 1X3, Canada. The              RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
proposals were submitted in French by MÉDAC and were translated into English by the Corporation.
Following discussion with the Corporation MÉDAC agreed to withdraw one of its proposals and only              AGAINST
submit three of its proposals for consideration at the Meeting. MÉDAC nonetheless requested that the
                                                                                                              THE SHAREHOLDER
Corporation reproduce the withdrawn proposal in the Circular for information purposes.
                                                                                                              PROPOSALS
The full text of the three proposals submitted for consideration at the Meeting, along with the proposal
withdrawn, has been reproduced in Appendix “B” to this Circular, along with the Corporation’s responses.
The Board of Directors recommends that the shareholders vote AGAINST each of the three shareholder
proposals for the reasons described in Appendix “B” to this Circular. Unless a proxy specifies that the
Shares it represents should be voted for any of the shareholder proposals, the persons named in the
form of proxy or voting instruction form, as applicable, intend to vote AGAINST each of the proposals.




                                                                                                                                12
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
  HOW TO NOMINATE A DIRECTOR TO THE BOARD
  If you wish to nominate a director to the Board without using a shareholder proposal, you must
  notify the Corporate Secretary according to the timeline in the table below. Your written notice
  must be in the format described in our Advance notice by-law (By-Law No. 2014-1), which you can
  find on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com).

                     If the first public announcement       You must send notice of
                     of the meeting is made:                director nominees no later than:
  Annual meetings    More than 50 days before the meeting   30 days before the meeting (but not earlier than
                                                            65 days before the meeting)
                     50 days or less before the meeting     10 days after the first public announcement
                                                            of the meeting
  Special meetings                                          15 days after the first public announcement of
                                                            the meeting


  Public announcement means disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service in
  Canada, or in a public document filed on SEDAR.




                                                                                                               13
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Nominees for election to the Board of Directors
This year the Board is proposing 13 directors for nomination to the Board                                     ENTREPRENURIAL
(the “Director Nominees”). Each of them brings a range of skills and                                          BOARD
abilities, and as a group, they have the right balance of business and
senior leadership experience and expertise to oversee our business and
                                                                                                              92%
strategic direction.                                                                                          OF OUR DIRECTORS
                                                                                                              HAVE
                                                                                                              ENTREPRENEURIAL
Director Nominees profiles                                                                                    EXPERIENCE


The following section presents the profile of each our Director Nominees, including a description of his
or her experience and qualifications, principal occupation, participation on the Board (if applicable), the
number of Shares of the Corporation beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, or over which control or
direction is exercised, the number of deferred share units of the Corporation held, as well as other public
company board memberships. All numbers included in the following tables reflect the two-for-one share
split of the Corporation’s outstanding Class A and Class B Shares implemented on September 20, 2019
(the “Share Split”). Class A Shares are valued at $46.57, the closing price of our Class A Shares on the
Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) on July 20, 2020; and Class B Shares and deferred share units are valued
at $46.32, the closing price of our Class B Shares on the TSX on July 20, 2020.
A more detailed description of each Director Nominee’s competencies is described in the skills matrix in
the “Corporate Governance Practices” section of this Circular.




                                                                                                                                 14
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
                                Alain Bouchard has served as the Executive Chairman of Alimentation Couche-Tard since 2014, when he stepped
                                down after 25 years as President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Bouchard opened his first convenience store in
                                Québec in 1980 and founded the companies that grew into Alimentation Couche-Tard. He has over 40 years of
                                experience in the retail industry and worked with his closest collaborators and all staff members to build
                                Alimentation Couche-Tard into the business it is today. He is a member of the Board of Directors of CGI Group
                                Inc. and is a member of its Human Resources Committee.
                                Mr. Bouchard is an Officer of the Order of Canada and an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec. He also has
                                an honorary doctorate in Consumer Sciences from Université Laval in Québec City and an honorary doctorate in
                                Management from McGill University in Montréal. Mr. Bouchard has received many distinguished awards for
                                business excellence and his outstanding professional achievements, including:
                                  ◼  Companion of the Order of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame
  Alain Bouchard, O.C.,           ◼  Cercle des Grands entrepreneurs du Québec, a prestigious distinction awarded to exceptional entrepreneurs
  O.Q.                               whose achievements, ideals and commitment have contributed to Québec’s entrepreneurial vitality and
  Founder and Executive              economic development (February 2018)
  Chairman, Alimentation          ◼  International Horatio Alger Award, which recognizes people who have persevered through challenges to
  Couche-Tard inc.                   become successful entrepreneurs and community leaders, from the Horatio Alger Association (March 2017)
                                  ◼  Grand bâtisseur de l’économie du Québec from the Institute for governance (2014)
                                  ◼  T. Patrick Boyle Founder’s award from the Fraser Institute (2014)
  Age: 71
                                  ◼  NACS Insight International Convenience Leader of the year (2014).
  Director since 1988
                                Mr. Bouchard has been involved in an impressive number of fundraising campaigns and philanthropic activities.
  Not independent
                                He and his wife established the Sandra and Alain Bouchard Foundation in 2012, which supports various causes
                                associated with people living with intellectual disabilities as well as artistic and cultural projects. In 2015 Mr.
                                Bouchard and his wife were named Exceptional philanthropist of the year by the Québec Chapter of the
                                Association of Fundraising Professionals.
                                Mr. Bouchard lives in Montréal, Québec, Canada.
                                2019 votes FOR                     98.79%
                                Fiscal 2020 meeting attendance 100%
                                Committee memberships              Mr. Bouchard does not serve on any committees because he is a co-founder
                                                                   of the Corporation and Executive Chairman of the Board
                                Other public company boards        CGI Group Inc. (2013 - present) – member of the Human Resources
                                and committees                     Committee
                                Interlocking Relationships    None
                                Securities held               ◼ Class A Shares: 115,352,844
                                As an executive, Mr. Bouchard ◼ Class B Shares: 14,026,004
                                also earns share units and ◼ Value of at risk holding: $6,021,666,450
                                options – see page 60.        Mr. Bouchard meets his executive equity ownership requirement – see
                                                              page 57 for details.




                                                                                                                                                15
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
                                Mélanie Kau is a seasoned retailer and corporate director with more than 30 years of experience in creating
                                customer connections. As a retailer she led Naturiste, a 67-store chain of natural supplements and vitamins, to
                                renewed profitability. As President of Mobilia, the largest independent furniture retailer in Eastern Canada, she
                                focused on building the brand and growing the retail network in Québec and Ontario.
                                As a board member Ms. Kau is a member of the board of directors of Aéroports de Montréal where she chairs its
                                Governance and Human Resources Committee. She also serves on the board of a private window and door
                                manufacturer with operations in Québec and Ontario where she is a member of the Human Resources committee.
                                Ms. Kau is passionate about entrepreneurship. She serves as Governor of the Young Chamber of Commerce,
                                where she mentors four young up-and-coming entrepreneurs. She has received several accolades for her business
                                acumen and entrepreneurship, including Canada’s Top 40 under 40 and the John Molson School of Business
  Mélanie Kau,                  Award of Distinction.
  Lead Director
                                Ms. Kau lives in Westmount, Québec, Canada. She has a Master of Business Administration from Concordia and
  Entrepreneur
                                a Master of Journalism from Northwestern University.
                                2019 votes FOR                    98.77%
  Age: 58
                                2020 meeting attendance           100%
  Director since 2006
                                Committee memberships             Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee (chair)
  Independent                   Other public company boards       None
                                and committees
                                Interlocking Relationships        None
                                Securities held                   ◼ Deferred share units: 146,833
                                                                  ◼ Value of at risk holding: $6,801,305
                                                                  Ms. Kau meets her equity ownership requirement – see page 32 for details.




                                                                                                                                              16
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
                                Jean Bernier is a corporate director and has over 30 years of experience in the fuel convenience store and grocery
                                store sectors of the retail industry. He joined Alimentation Couche-Tard on July 30, 2012 as Group President, Fuel
                                Americas and Operations North East, and served Group President, Global Fuels and North-East Operations from
                                March 15, 2016. He retired from the Corporation effective April 30, 2018.
                                Mr. Bernier previously spent 15 years at Valero Energy Corporation, an international manufacturer and marketer
                                of transportation fuels and petrochemical products. He was Executive Vice President of Valero Energy Corporation
                                from 2011 to 2012, responsible for the overall operations of Ultramar Ltd, the company’s Canadian subsidiary, all
                                of the US and Canadian retail operations as well as the corporate functions of communications, supply chain
                                management and information services. From 1997 to 2011 he held a number of senior management positions with
                                Ultramar Ltd. and served as President from 1999 to 2011, responsible for its overall operations, and Vice-President,
  Jean Bernier                  Retail Operations from 1997 to 1999. Prior to joining Ultramar Ltd., Mr. Bernier was with Provigo Inc. for nine years
  Corporate Director            and held a number of senior roles including Vice-President, Human Resources, Vice-President, Maxi, Provigo
                                Distribution, Inc. and Executive Vice-President and Chief Operating Officer, C. Corp. Inc.

  Age: 63                       Mr. Bernier has been a member of the board of CrossAmerica Partners LP since 2017, and C&E Seafood Canada
                                LP, a private company, since 2018. He is also a member of the board of the Montréal Economic Institute and
  Director since 2019
                                served on the board of the Canadian Fuels Association from 1999 to 2012 including the role of Chairman from
  Not Independent
                                2007 to 2009. He was a member of the Canadian Council of Chief Executives from 2004 to 2012, and the Cercle
                                des Présidents du Québec from 1999 to 2017.

                                Mr. Bernier lives in Westmount, Québec, Canada. He has a Master’s degree in Industrial Relations from the
                                University of Waterloo and a Bachelor’s degree from the Université de Montréal.
                                2019 votes FOR                      97.75%
                                2020 meeting attendance             100%
                                Committee memberships               Mr. Bernier does not serve on a committee because he is not an
                                                                    independent director
                                Other public company boards         CrossAmerica Partners Limited (2018 - present)
                                and committees
                                Interlocking Relationships          None
                                Securities held                     ◼ Class B Shares: 31,126
                                                                    ◼ Deferred share units: 1,432
                                                                    ◼ Value of at risk holding: $1,508,087
                                                                    Mr. Bernier meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 32 for
                                                                    details.




                                                                                                                                                  17
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
                                  Eric Boyko is a global entrepreneur who has nearly two decades of experience with start-ups and extensive
                                  expertise in early stage business innovations. He co-founded Stingray Group Inc. and has served as President and
                                  Chief Executive Officer since 2010. Mr. Boyko founded and was President of eFundraising.com, an e-commerce
                                  success story that became a leading player in the North American fundraising industry. Mr. Boyko was named
                                  one of Canada’s Top 40 Under 40 in 2006.
                                  Mr. Boyko’s passion for extreme sports and world travel fuels his drive for business excellence. He serves on the
                                  board of directors of Stingray Group Inc. and Bouclair Inc. He is an active participant in many philanthropic
                                  endeavours and is a member of the Montréal Canadiens Children’s Foundation’s board of directors.
                                  Mr. Boyko lives in Montréal, Québec, Canada. He is a graduate with great distinction of McGill University, and has
                                  a Bachelor of Commerce with a specialization in accounting and entrepreneurship.
  Eric Boyko, CPA                 2019 votes FOR                     99.74%
  President, Chief                2020 meeting attendance(1)         93%
  Executive Officer and           Committee memberships              Audit Committee (chair)
  cofounder, Stingray             Other public company boards        Stingray Group Inc. (2007 – present)
  Group Inc.                      and committees
                                  Interlocking Relationships         None
  Age: 50                         Securities held                    ◼ Class B Shares: 20,800
                                                                     ◼ Deferred share units: 11,183
  Director since 2017                                                ◼ Value of at risk holding: $1,481,453
  Independent                                                        Mr. Boyko meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 32 for
                                                                     details.

    (1)   Mr. Boyko was not able to attend one of the special Board meetings held by telephone and called
          with limited time notice due to conflicting schedules.




                                                                                                                                                 18
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
                                Jacques D’Amours joined the Corporation as a co-founder in 1980 and worked with his closest collaborators and
                                all staff members to build Alimentation Couche-Tard into the business it is today.
                                He served in a variety of roles during his 34-year career, including Manager of Technical Services, Vice-President
                                of Sales and Vice-President of Administration and Operations. Mr. D’Amours retired from the Corporation in 2014.
                                Mr. D’Amours lives in Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville, Québec, Canada.
                                2019 votes FOR                     98.82%
                                2020 meeting attendance            100%
                                Committee memberships              Mr. D’Amours does not serve on a committee because he is a co-founder
                                                                   of the Corporation
                                Other public company boards        None
  Jacques D’Amours,             and committees
  Co-founder                    Interlocking Relationships         None
  Corporate director            Securities held                    ◼ Class A Shares: 63,951,616
                                                                   ◼ Class B Shares: 253,450
                                                                   ◼ Deferred share units: 20,106
  Age: 63                                                          ◼ Value of at risk holding: $2,990,897,871

  Director since 1988                                              Mr. D’Amours meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 32 for
                                                                   details.
  Not independent




                                                                                                                                               19
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
                                Janice L. Fields has served as President of McDonald’s USA, LLC, a subsidiary of McDonald’s Corporation, a fast
                                food chain operator and franchiser, from 2010 until her retirement in 2012.
                                Ms. Fields has broad operational, financial and leadership experience from her long-standing career in the food
                                industry, with particular expertise related to marketing, strategic planning, risk management, production, and
                                human resources. During her over 35-year career at McDonald's, she held numerous roles, from starting as a
                                crew member to holding several executive positions within McDonald’s USA, including as U.S. Division President
                                for the Central Division from 2003 through 2006 and Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from
                                2006 through 2010, when she was named President.
                                Additionally, Ms. Fields serves on the board of directors of Chico’s FAS since 2013, as well as the chair of its
                                Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee since 2014, and on the board of directors of Welbilt Inc. where
                                she is also a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee.
  Janice L. Fields
                                Previously, she has served on the board of directors of Monsanto Corporation and Buffalo Wild Wings. She is also
  Corporate director
                                a member of the global board of directors of the Ronald McDonald House Charities Global Brand since 2012.

                                Ms. Fields has been named to Forbes’ list of the World’s 100 Most Powerful Women and to Fortune’s 50 Most
  Age: 64
                                Powerful Women in Business list.
  New candidate submitted
  for election at the 2020      Ms. Fields lives in Chicago, Illinois, United States.
  Annual Shareholder’s          2019 votes FOR                        n/a
  Meeting                       2020 meeting attendance               n/a
  Independent                   Committee memberships                 n/a
                                Other public company boards           Chico’s FAS, Inc. (2013 – present) – chair of the Corporate Governance and
                                and committees                        Nominating Committee
                                                                      Welbilt Inc. (2018 – present) – member of the Nominating and Governance
                                                                      Committee, member of the Compensation Committee

                                Interlocking Relationships            None
                                Securities held                       ◼   Class B Shares: nil
                                                                      ◼   Deferred share units: n/a
                                                                      ◼   Value of at risk holding: nil
                                                                      Ms. Fields has until 2025 to meet her equity ownership requirement – see
                                                                      page 32 for details




                                                                                                                                             20
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
                                Richard Fortin is a co-founder and served as Chairman of the Board from 2008 to 2011. He joined the Corporation
                                in 1984 and retired as Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer in 2008. Before joining Alimentation
                                Couche-Tard, he spent 13 years at several major financial institutions and was Vice-President of Québec for a
                                Canadian bank wholly owned by Société Générale (France).
                                Mr. Fortin served on the board of Transcontinental Inc. from 2004 to 2018 and was Lead Director and Chairman
                                of its Audit Committee, and on National Bank of Canada’s board from 2013 to 2018 as Chairman of the Risk
                                Management Committee and member of its Audit Committee. Mr. Fortin also served on the board of Rona Inc.
                                from 2009 to 2013, and on the board of National Bank Life Insurance Company from 2005 to 2018 and was
                                Chairman of its Audit Committee from 2013 to 2018.
                                Mr. Fortin lives in Boucherville, Québec, Canada. He has a Bachelor of Arts in management with a major in finance
  Richard Fortin,               from Université Laval in Québec City.
  Co-founder                    2019 votes FOR                     98.82%
  Corporate director            2020 meeting attendance            100%
                                Committee memberships              Mr. Fortin does not serve on a committee because he is a co-founder of the
  Age: 71                                                          Corporation
  Director since 1988           Other public company boards        None
                                and committees
  Not independent
                                Interlocking Relationships         None
                                Securities held                    ◼   Class A Shares: 32,788,260
                                                                   ◼   Class B Shares: 1,206,800
                                                                   ◼   Deferred share units: 47,909
                                                                   ◼   Value of at risk holding: $1,585,067,389
                                                                   Mr. Fortin meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 32 for details.




                                                                                                                                              21
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
                                Brian Hannasch is President and Chief Executive Officer of Alimentation Couche-Tard since 2014 and served as its
                                Chief Operating Officer from 2010 to 2014. Under his leadership, the Corporation has grown to be the largest
                                company in Canada in terms of revenue and one of the largest convenience store groups in the world.
                                He joined the Corporation in 2001 as Vice President Operations, U.S. Midwest, and has also served as Senior Vice-
                                President, U.S. Operations (2008 to 2010), Senior Vice President, Western North America (2004 to 2008), Vice-
                                President, Integration (2003 to 2004), where he was responsible for all aspects of U.S. operations.
                                Mr. Hannasch was Vice President of Operations for Bigfoot Food Stores LLC, a 225-unit convenience store chain
                                in the U.S. Midwest acquired by Alimentation Couche-Tard in 2001. Prior to that, he was at BP Amoco from 1989
                                to 2000, and held various positions of increasing responsibility including Vice-President of Marketing for the U.S.
                                Midwest Business Unit.
  Brian Hannasch
                                Mr. Hannasch was named 2019 Retailer Executive of the Year by Convenience Store News’ blue-chip panel of
  President and Chief
                                c-store industry leaders. He was also named CEO of the year by The Globe and Mail in 2016 and has been a
  Executive Officer,
                                member of the board of directors of the Association for Convenience & Fuel Retailing (NACS) since 2016.
  Alimentation Couche-
  Tard inc.                     Mr. Hannasch lives in Columbus, Indiana, United States. He has a Master of Business Administration in marketing
                                and finance from the University of Chicago and a Bachelor of Arts in finance from Iowa State University.

  Age: 53                       2019 votes FOR                     99.55%
                                2020 meeting attendance            100%
  Director since 2014
                                Committee memberships              Mr. Hannasch does not serve on any committees because he is the
  Not independent                                                  Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer
                                Other public company boards        None
                                and committees
                                Interlocking Relationships         None
                                Securities held                    ◼ Class B Shares: 892,167
                                As an executive, Mr. Hannasch      ◼ Value of at risk holding: $41,325,175
                                also earns share units and         Mr. Hannasch meets his executive equity ownership requirement – see
                                options – see page 60.             page 57 for details.




                                                                                                                                                22
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
                                Marie Josée Lamothe is an expert in global branding and product development as well as omnichannel
                                profitability with over 25 years of experience in the competitive digital and consumer products world. Ms. Lamothe
                                is a Professor of Practice at the Desautels Faculty of Management of McGill University and the Director of McGill’s
                                Dobson Center for Entrepreneurship. She is also President of Tandem International, an advisory firm specializing
                                in profit-driven omnichannel retailing. From 2014 to 2018, she was a Managing Director at Google in Canada and
                                from 2002 to 2014, she held several executive positions at L’Oréal, including International Marketing Director in
                                France, and Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Corporate Communications Officer in Canada.
                                Ms. Lamothe serves on other boards, among which Lightspeed POS Inc. and the Desjardins Group, and was a
                                director of The Jean Coutu Group (PJC) Inc. from July 2016 until the privatization of the company in May 2018.
                                Ms. Lamothe has been awarded the Desautels Achievement award by McGill University, which recognizes
  Marie Josée Lamothe individuals who serve as role models for students in their education, career, and philanthropic contributions and
  President, Tandem             she received an honoree diploma from the Université de Montréal for her contribution to the advancement of
  International                 our society. Ms. Lamothe was named one of the Top 10 women in tech in Canada by Boardlist, one of Canada’s
                                Marketers of the Year by Strategy magazine. Forbes Magazine and Social Media Magazine in the U.S. named Ms.
                                Lamothe as one of the Top Marketing Minds To Follow on social media in North America, and Canadian Business
  Age: 52
                                magazine named her one of Canada's 40 Global Leaders.
  Director since 2019
                                Ms. Lamothe lives in Montréal, Québec, Canada. She is a graduate of the Université de Montréal with degrees in
  Independent
                                Mathematics and Economics with honours, and from INSEAD's L’Oréal’s Executive Management program.
                                2019 votes FOR                     99.96%
                                2020 meeting attendance            100%
                                Committee memberships              Audit Committee
                                Other public company boards        Lightspeed POS Inc. (2018 - present)
                                and committees                     Desjardins Group (2019 – present)
                                Interlocking Relationships         None
                                Securities held                    ◼ Class B Shares: 604
                                                                   ◼ Deferred share units: 2,499
                                                                   ◼ Value of at risk holding: $143,731
                                                                   Ms. Lamothe has until 2024 to meet her equity ownership requirement –
                                                                   see page 32 for details.




                                                                                                                                                23
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
                                Monique Leroux is a corporate director and has extensive business experience. From 2008 to 2016, Ms. Leroux
                                was the Chair of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer of Desjardins Group. From 2016 to 2020,
                                Ms. Leroux was the Chair of the board of Investissement Québec. She serves as an independent director on the
                                boards of BCE Inc. / Bell Canada, the Michelin Group and S&P Global. She also serves as Strategic Advisor at Fiera
                                Capital Corporation. In 2020, she has also been appointed as chair of the Industry Strategy Council of Canada
                                Ms. Leroux is a Member of the Order of Canada, an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec, a Chevalier of the
                                Légion d’Honneur (France) and a Companion of the Order of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame and the
                                Investment Industry Hall of Fame. She has also received the Woodrow Wilson Award (United States), the
                                Outstanding Achievement Award from the Québec CPA Order and the Institute of Corporate Directors Fellowship
                                Award.

  Monique F. Leroux,    Ms. Leroux gives her time and support to several not-for-profit organizations. She was appointed to the Canada-
  C.M., O.Q., FCPA, FCA United States Council for Advancement of Women Entrepreneurs and Business Leaders and is a member of the
  Corporate director            board of the Université de Sherbrooke and the Montréal Symphony Orchestra.

                                Ms. Leroux lives in Outremont, Québec, Canada. She has honorary doctorates from eight Canadian universities.
  Age: 65                       2019 votes FOR                     99.43%
  Director since 2015           2020 meeting attendance            100%
  Independent                   Committee memberships              Audit Committee
                                Other public company boards        Bell Inc. and Bell Canada (2016 - present)
                                and committees                     Michelin Group (2015 - present)
                                                                   S&P Global Inc. (2016 - present)
                                Interlocking Relationships         None
                                Securities held                    ◼ Class B Shares: 2,500
                                                                   ◼ Deferred share units: 17,899
                                                                   ◼ Value of at risk holding: $944,882
                                                                   Ms. Leroux meets her equity ownership requirement – see page 32 for details.




                                                                                                                                               24
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
                                Réal Plourde was Chairman of the Board from 2011 to 2014. He joined the Corporation in 1984 and served in a
                                variety of roles, including Executive Vice-President from 2010 until his retirement in 2011, Chief Operating Officer,
                                Vice-President of Development, Sales and Operations, and Manager of Technical Services. Mr. Plourde began his
                                career working on various engineering projects in Canada and Africa.
                                Mr. Plourde is chairman of the board of directors of CIMA+ and serves on its Audit Committee.
                                Mr. Plourde and his wife, Ariane Riou, are recipients of the Lieutenant Governor’s Seniors Medal (February 2018),
                                for their sustained community-based volunteer work, especially at the Palliative Care Home in Laval.

                                Mr. Plourde lives in Westmount, Québec, Canada. He has a Master of Business Administration from the École des
                                Hautes Études Commerciales in Montréal, an engineering degree in applied sciences from Université Laval in
                                Québec City, and is a member of the Ordre des Ingénieurs du Québec.
  Réal Plourde,
                                2019 votes FOR                      98.82%
  Co-founder
                                2020 meeting attendance             100%
  Corporate director
                                Committee memberships               Mr. Plourde does not serve on a committee because he is a co-founder of the
                                                                    Corporation
  Age: 69                       Other public company boards         None
                                and committees
  Director since 1988
                                Interlocking Relationships          None
  Not independent
                                Securities held                     ◼ Class A Shares: 13,341,288
                                                                    ◼ Class B Shares: 9,267,100
                                                                    ◼ Deferred share units: 20,024
                                                                    ◼ Value of at risk holding: $1,051,483,366
                                                                    Mr. Plourde meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 32 for
                                                                    details.




                                                                                                                                                  25
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
                                Daniel Rabinowicz is an independent marketing and business consultant. He was President of TAXI Montréal, an
                                advertising agency, from 2004 to 2008, and then President of TAXI’s New York office until his retirement in 2009.
                                Prior to that he was at Cossette Communication Group, where he rose to become President of Cossette Montréal
                                and Co-President of Cossette Toronto. Mr. Rabinowicz started his career in advertising with Vickers & Benson in
                                1975 and acquired experience as a brand manager at Catelli Ltd. before joining Cossette Communication Group
                                in 1985 as Director, Strategic Planning.
                                Mr. Rabinowicz is a member of the board of directors of Reitmans (Canada) Limited where he is Chairman of the
                                Board and serves on the Corporate Governance and Human Resources and Compensation Committees. He is
                                also a director of Wafu Inc. and the Montréal Holocaust Museum. Mr. Rabinowicz is the founder and former
                                President of Bénévolat d’entraide aux communicateurs, a non-profit organization that helps professionals in the
                                communications industry deal with their personal, professional or financial problems, and remains on the
  Daniel Rabinowicz
                                organization’s management committee.
  Corporate director
                                Mr. Rabinowicz lives in Saint-Lambert, Québec, Canada. He has a Master of Business Administration and a
                                Bachelor of Arts from McGill University.
  Age: 69
                                2019 votes FOR                    99.84%
  Director since 2013
                                2020 meeting attendance           100%
  Independent
                                Committee memberships             Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
                                Other public company boards       Reitmans (Canada) Limited (2012 - present) – member of the Corporate
                                and committees                    Governance and Human Resources and Compensation Committees
                                Interlocking Relationships        None
                                Securities held                   ◼ Class B Shares: 16,192
                                                                  ◼ Deferred share units: 14,456
                                                                  ◼ Value of at risk holding: $1,419,615
                                                                  Mr. Rabinowicz meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 32 for
                                                                  details.




                                                                                                                                              26
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
                                   Louis Têtu is an award-winning entrepreneur and business executive with 30 years of experience in international
                                   technology businesses. Mr. Têtu is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Coveo Solutions Inc., a global provider
                                   of artificial intelligence powered business solutions for ecommerce, customer service and workplace applications.
                                   Prior to Coveo, Mr. Têtu co-founded Taleo Corporation, a leading international provider of cloud software for
                                   talent and human capital management, acquired by Oracle for US$1.9 billion in 2012. Mr. Têtu was Chief Executive
                                   Officer and Chairman of the board of directors from the company’s inception in 1999 through 2007.
                                   Prior to Taleo, Mr. Têtu was President of Baan SCS, the supply-chain management solutions group of Baan, a
                                   global enterprise software company. This followed Baan’s acquisition of Berclain Group inc., which he co-founded
                                   in 1989 and where he served as President until 1996.
                                   Mr. Têtu also serves on the boards of Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services inc. and PetalMD, a
  Louis Têtu                       leading cloud applications provider in the medical sector. Mr. Têtu is involved in private equity across multiple
  Chairman and Chief               business sectors.
  Executive Officer, Coveo
                                   In 1997 Mr. Têtu was honoured by Université Laval for his outstanding social contributions and business
  Solutions Inc.
                                   achievements. He also received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of The Year award in the Technology and
                                   Communication category.
  Age: 56                          Mr. Têtu lives in Québec City, Québec, Canada. He is an Engineering graduate from Université Laval in Québec
  Director since 2019              City and a commercially licensed helicopter pilot.
  Independent                      2019 votes FOR                     99.96%
                                   2020 meeting attendance   (1)
                                                                      88%
                                   Committee memberships              Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
                                   Other public company boards        Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services Inc. (2016 - present)
                                   and committees
                                   Interlocking Relationships         None
                                   Securities held                    ◼ Class B Shares: 26,114
                                                                      ◼ Deferred share units: 2,237
                                                                      ◼ Value of at risk holding: $1,313,218
                                                                      Mr. Têtu meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 32 for details.




    (1)   Mr. Têtu was not able to attend one of the special Board meetings held by telephone and called with
          limited time notice due to conflicting schedules.




                                                                                                                                                   27
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Board Interlocks
As at July 20, 2020, no members of the Board of Directors served together on any outside boards. To
maintain director independence and to avoid potential conflicts of interest, the Board reviews the number
of board interlocks among its directors. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, no more than two
directors may serve together on the board of another public company, and directors may not serve
together on the boards of more than two other public companies.

Independence
The Board includes 54% independent directors. To ensure the Board functions independently, we have a
Lead Director who meets with the independent directors in camera at every Board and committee
meeting.
Four of the Director Nominees, including the Founder and Executive Chairman, are not independent
because they are Corporation co-founders. Mr. Hannasch is not independent because he is our President
and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and Mr. Bernier is not independent because he was a former executive
officer of the Corporation within the last three years.
The remaining seven directors are independent, within the meaning of the CSA Audit Committee Rules
in that each of them has no direct or indirect material relationship with the Corporation and, in the
reasonable opinion of the Board, is independent under the applicable laws, regulations and listing
requirements to which the Corporation is subject.
The following table sets forth the relationship of the Director Nominees:

Name                    Independent    Non-Independent Reason for Non-Independence

Alain Bouchard                              ✓            Mr. Bouchard is one of the co-founders of the Corporation

Mélanie Kau                  ✓
                                                                 Mr. Bernier has been within the last three years an
Jean Bernier                                ✓                                  executive officer of the Corporation
Eric Boyko                   ✓
Jacques D’Amours                            ✓           Mr. D’Amours is one of the co-founders of the Corporation

Janice L. Fields             ✓
Richard Fortin                              ✓               Mr. Fortin is one of the co-founders of the Corporation

Brian Hannasch                              ✓            Mr. Hannasch is the President and CEO of the Corporation

Marie Josée Lamothe          ✓
Monique F. Leroux            ✓
Réal Plourde                                ✓             Mr. Plourde is one of the co-founders of the Corporation

Daniel Rabinowicz            ✓
Louis Têtu                   ✓
Other Directorships
To ensure directors have sufficient time to dedicate to their role with the Corporation, as well as to
maintain director independence and to avoid potential conflicts of interest, the Board reviews the number
of boards on which the directors serve, as well as board interlocks among its directors. As a general rule,
directors should limit their service as directors on publicly held company and investment company boards
to no more than five (including the Corporation’s Board). Unless otherwise determined by the Board, no
more than two directors may serve together on the board of another public company, and directors may
not serve together on the boards of more than two other public companies. Furthermore, no director
shall serve as a director, officer or employee of the Corporation’s competitor. A director wishing to join
any other board of directors, whether a private or public corporation, must first request permission of
the Chair of the Board so that the appropriate review can be undertaken to ensure that there is no
potential conflict or any other legal or business concerns. Should it be the Chair of the Board who wishes
to join any other board of directors, then such request shall be first made with the Chair of the Human
Resources and Corporate Governance Committee.




                                                                                                                       28
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Building a balanced Board
We believe that a diverse mix of director profiles is critical to a well-functioning Board, and an important
aspect of good corporate governance. A wide variety of perspectives promotes active discussion and
increases the likelihood that proposed solutions are balanced and comprehensive and in the best interest
of the Corporation and its shareholders.
The graphs below are a snapshot of the diversity of this year’s Director Nominees. You will find
information about each Director Nominee in the profiles in the previous section, and more about how
we structure our Board starting on page 41.




Other information about the Director Nominees

To the knowledge of the directors of Couche-Tard and according to information provided to us, other
than as disclosed below, none of the Director Nominees, and regarding item (iii) below, a significant
shareholder, are at the date of this Circular or have been, within the last ten years, a director, chief
executive officer or chief financial officer or, regarding item (iii) below, an executive officer of a company
which, while the person was acting in this capacity:
(i)       was the subject of a cease trade or similar order or an order that denied the relevant company
access to any exemption under securities legislation, for a period of more than 30 consecutive days;
(ii)      was, after the director or executive officer ceased to be a director or executive officer, the
subject of a cease trade or similar order or an order that denied the relevant company access to any
exemption under securities legislation, for a period of more than 30 consecutive days as a result of an
event which occurred while the director or executive officers was acting in this capacity; or
(iii)      within a year of that person ceasing to act in that capacity, became bankrupt, made a proposal
under any legislation relating to bankruptcy or insolvency or was subject to or instituted any proceedings,
arrangement or compromise with creditors or had a receiver, receiver manager or trustee appointed to
hold its assets.
Mr. Fortin was a director of Les Jardins Val-Mont Inc. (Val-Mont) from 2009 until August 6, 2015. On
July 8, 2016, Val-Mont filed a proposal under the Bankruptcy Act (Canada), which was approved by the
Court on September 8, 2016.

Mr. Rabinowicz is currently Chairman of the Board of Reitmans (Canada) Limited (“Reitmans”) where he
serves on the Corporate Governance and Human Resources and Compensation Committees. Reitmans
voluntarily filed for creditor protection from bankruptcy under the Companies' Creditors Arrangement
Act (CCAA) and successfully obtained an order from the Quebec Superior Court commencing
proceedings under the CCAA on May 19, 2020.

Loans to directors and officers
We can grant loans to our directors, officers and other employees in the regular course of business as
long as the loans comply with legal and regulatory requirements and are on market terms. As at
July 20, 2020 there were no loans outstanding.

                                                                                                                 29
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Director Compensation
The Corporation’s director compensation program is designed (i) to attract and retain the most qualified
individuals to serve on the Board of Directors and its committees, (ii) to align the interests of the directors
with the long-term interests of the Corporation’s shareholders, and (iii) to provide appropriate
compensation for the risks and responsibilities related to being an effective director.



Our Director Compensation Policy

The following was our director compensation policy for fiscal 2020:
  ◼  directors who are employed by the Corporation or one of its subsidiaries (the “Executive Directors”)
     do not receive director compensation;
  ◼  at least 50% of the annual Board retainer fee is paid in deferred share units (“DSUs”);
  ◼  directors who are not otherwise employed by the Corporation or one of its subsidiaries
     (the “Non-Executive Directors”) can choose to have 100% of their compensation, including
     attendance fees, paid in DSUs;
  ◼  Non-Executive Directors must hold at least four times their annual retainer in shares or DSUs, and
     have five years from their election to the Board to meet this requirement; and
  ◼  the Corporation does not grant stock options to Non-Executive Directors.

Oversight and Benchmarking
The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee and the Lead Director are mandated by
the Board to review the Non-Executive Directors compensation and to make recommendations to the                   ABOUT THE DIRECTOR
Board in order to ensure that such compensation is established in an equitable manner taking into                 COMPENSATION PEER
account the responsibilities and risks associated with the performance of director duties. In connection          GROUP
with this review, every two years, the Committee retains an outside compensation consultant to                    We use different peer groups
benchmark the Corporation’s Non-Executive Directors’ compensation against the median of                           to benchmark director and
compensation from a peer group of Canadian companies in the retail and food manufacturing industries.             executive compensation:
Based on the results of the benchmarking review, the Human Resources and Corporate Governance                      ◼ Non-Executive Directors
Committee then recommends to the Board any adjustments to the Non-Executive Directors’                               are recruited in Canada, so
compensation that may be necessary or appropriate to achieve the objectives of the Corporation’s                     their compensation peer
director compensation program.                                                                                       group is only made up of
In fiscal 2020, the Committee hired Willis Towers Watson to assess the Corporation’s Non-Executive                   Canadian-based
Directors’ compensation against a peer group of five Canadian companies – the same peer group that                   companies.
had been used for the benchmarking exercise in fiscal 2018:                                                        ◼ Executives are recruited
                                                                                                                     from around the world, so
  ◼   Canadian Tire Corporation, Limited
                                                                                                                     their compensation peer
  ◼   Empire Company Limited
                                                                                                                     group              includes
  ◼   George Weston Limited
                                                                                                                     international companies.
  ◼   Metro Inc.
  ◼   Restaurant Brands International Inc.                                                                        You can read more about how
All have North American operations, annual revenues from 5 to $124 billion, a market capitalization from          we    benchmark    executive
$4 to $84 billion, and all are in similar or related industries – food retail, general merchandising, oil and     compensation on page 61.
gas refining and marketing, or restaurants.
Based on Willis Towers Watson’s report, the Committee recommended to the Board to adopt a flat fee
yearly compensation approach for its Non-Executive Directors, therefore eliminating the meeting fees
and providing an increase of $70,000 over a two-year period. More specifically:
  ◼   remove meeting fees from the compensation structure, as it is a declining trend in the market;
  ◼   increase the Board retainer by $70,000 (50% cash, 50% DSUs) from $110,000 (including meeting fees)
      to $180,000;
  ◼   increase the Lead Director retainer by $5,000 (from $35,000 to $40,000); and
  ◼   increase the committee Chairs and members retainers by $5,000 and $10,000 respectively, to
      compensate for the lost meeting fees.
                                                                                                                                            30
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
However, in light of the current uncertain economic climate caused by the current COVID-19 outbreak,
the Board ultimately decided to postpone the implementation of the pay levels changes to an ulterior
date, and to only implement the changes to the compensation structure for the time being (removal of
meeting fees).



Annual Retainers and Attendance Fees

The table below shows the annual retainers and attendance fees payable to the Corporation’s Non-
Executive Directors in fiscal 2020:


                                                                        Fiscal 2020
Board Retainer
  ◼  cash                                                                  $50,000                          EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
  ◼   DSUs                                                                 $50,000                          DO NOT RECEIVE
Lead Director Retainer                                                     $35,000                          DIRECTOR
Committee Chair Retainer                                                                                    COMPENSATION
  ◼   Chair of the Audit Committee                                         $25,000                          Alain Bouchard does not receive
  ◼ Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance                  $25,000                          director compensation because
    Committee
                                                                                                            he is compensated in his role as
Committee Member Retainer
  ◼ Member of the Audit Committee                                           $5,000
                                                                                                            Founder      and      Executive
  ◼   Member of the Human            Resources   and Corporate              $5,000                          Chairman.
      Governance Committee
                                                                                                            Brian Hannasch does not
Meeting Fees
Regular Board meeting                                                       $2,000
                                                                                                            receive director compensation
Regular Committee meeting                                                   $2,000                          because he is compensated in
Special Board or Committee meeting                                                                          his role as President and Chief
  ◼   attendance in person                                                  $2,000                          Executive Officer.
  ◼   attendance by phone                                                   $1,000




Deferred Share Unit Plan

The Corporation has adopted a deferred share unit plan (the “DSUP”) for the Non-Executive Directors to
align their economic interests with those of the Corporation’s shareholders and to assist them in meeting
the requirements set forth in the Corporation’s Shareholding Guidelines. The DSUP was last reviewed and
amendments thereto were adopted by the Board in June 2020. Pursuant to the amended DSUP, a DSU
is a notional unit that tracks the value of an Alimentation Couche–Tard Class B Share and earns dividend
equivalents at the same rate as dividends paid on our Class B Shares. DSUs vest immediately but can only
be redeemed when a director retires from the board.
Pursuant to the amended DSUP, starting in fiscal 2021, DSUs can only be redeemed for cash and the
dollar amount is calculated using the market value of Class B Shares on the payment date. Directors have
until December 1 of the calendar year of the year following their retirement to redeem their DSUs. They
choose the redemption date, which must be approved by the Human Resources and Corporate
Governance committee. DSUs can only be transferred when a director dies.
In addition to the above, the amended DSUP also now provides (starting in fiscal 2021) for our executives
(VP levels and above) to be able to elect to participate in our DSUP (instead of the Share Unit Plan) in
order to facilitate the attainment of their respective shareholding levels as required under the
Corporation’s Shareholding Guidelines. For more information about our Shareholding Guidelines for our
NEOs and other executives, please go to page 57.




                                                                                                                                       31
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Equity ownership requirements

Pursuant to the Corporation’s Shareholding Guidelines, directors are required to establish, over a period
of five years, ownership of an amount of Shares and/or DSUs which is equivalent in value to four times
the annual Board retainer, and subsequently maintain such minimum ownership position for the duration
of his or her tenure as a director. Once the changes to our Non-Executive Directors compensation pay
levels and structure will become effective, the total value of a Non-Executive Director’s Shares and/or
DSUs will have to be at least $720,000.
The following table shows the total number of Class A Shares and/or Class B Shares, as well as DSUs
owned by each Non-Executive Director as at April 28, 2019 and April 26, 2020 respectively. The total value
held by each Non-Executive Director has been calculated using $40.71 and $40.30, the closing price on
the TSX of the Class A Shares and Class B Shares respectively on April 24, 2020, the last trading day of
fiscal 2020. Messrs. D’Amours, Fortin and Plourde, three of the co-founders, have equity holdings in the
Corporation which significantly exceed the Shareholding Guidelines requirements.
                                                          2019(1)                               2020                               Change                              Meets
                                                                                                                                                Total value as
                                               Class B                 Class A     Class B               Class A      Class B                                      ownership
                           Class A shares                  DSUs                                 DSUs                                DSUs     at April 26, 2020
                                               shares                  shares      shares                shares       shares                                     requirement
Jean Bernier(5)                          -           -          -             -      31,126       829          -        31,126        829          $1,287,786            yes
Nathalie Bourque                         -     87,380     39,422              -     87,380     41,563          -            0        2,141         $5,196,402            yes
Eric Boyko(3)                            -      16,800     6,742              -     20,800     10,399          -        4,000       3,657          $1,257,319            yes
Jacques D’Amours                63,981,616    280,500     16,556    63,981,616     253,450     19,503          0      (27,050)      2,947      $2,615,691,593            yes
Richard Fortin                 32,788,260    1,393,800    44,184    32,788,260    1,206,800    47,306          0     (187,000)       3,122     $1,385,350,536            yes
Mélanie Kau                              -           -   140,490              -           –   145,857          -             -      5,367          $5,878,037            yes
Marie Josée Lamothe(2)                   -           -          -             -        604      1,824          -          604        1,824           $97,848             no
Monique F. Leroux                        -       2,500    13,980              -      2,500     17,225          -            0       3,245            $794,917            yes
Réal Plourde                    13,341,288   9,303,600    16,474    13,341,288    9,267,100    19,421          0      (36,500)      2,947        $917,370,630            yes
Daniel Rabinowicz                        -      16,192    12,462              -      16,192     14,119         -            0        1,657         $1,221,533            yes
Louis Têtu(4)                            -           -          -             -      26,114     1,634          -        26,114       1,634         $1,118,244            yes
      (1)   Adjusted to reflect the Share Split.
      (2)   Ms. Lamothe, who was first appointed to the Board on September 18, 2019, has a period of five years to meet
            ownership requirements. She held 604 Class B Shares at the time of her appointment.
      (3)   Mr. Boyko holds his Class B Shares through his holding company.
      (4)   Mr. Têtu holds his Class B Shares through his holding company. He held 1,800 Class B Shares at the time of his first
            appointment to the Board on September 18, 2019.
      (5)   Mr. Bernier was first appointed to the Board on September 18, 2019 and held 31,126 Class B Shares at that time.




                                                                                                                                                                   32
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Non-Executive Directors’ compensation table

The following table lists all compensation earned during fiscal 2020 by the Non-Executive Directors, as
at April 26, 2020. The annual Board retainer and meeting fees were paid quarterly.
We calculated the number of DSUs awarded as payment of the Board retainer by dividing the dollar
amount of the award by the weighted average trading price of our Class B Shares on the TSX over the
five trading days immediately before the payment date. All DSUs have been adjusted to reflect the Share
Split.
                                                                                               Meeting      Dividends
                                                                                            attendance      earned as     All other             Total                How it was
                                                                            Fees Earned           fees           DSUs compensation       compensation                 allocated
                                            Board          Lead             Committee
                                                        Director
                                  cash        DSUs                      chair   member                                                                        cash        DSUs
Mélanie Kau                    $50,000     $50,000        $35,000    $25,000           –      $26,000        $36,802                 –       $222,802          –     $222,802
Jean Bernier(1)                $41,265      $41,265              –          –          –      $12,000            $45      $546,000(5)        $640,575    $593,265     $47,310
Nathalie Bourque(2)            $50,000     $50,000               –          –     $5,000      $26,000        $10,418                 –        $141,418    $52,500     $88,918
Eric Boyko(3)                  $50,000     $50,000               –   $25,000           –      $25,000         $2,179                 –       $152,179          –      $152,179
Jacques D’Amours               $50,000     $50,000               –          –          –      $18,000         $4,613                 –       $122,613          –      $122,613
Jean Élie(4)                   $19,797      $19,797              –          –     $5,000      $10,000         $4,334                 –        $58,928     $32,297     $26,631
Richard Fortin                 $50,000     $50,000               –          –          –      $18,000        $11,744       $75,000(6)        $204,744     $75,000    $129,744
Marie Josée Lamothe(1)         $41,265      $41,265              –          –     $4,126      $16,000           $104                 –       $102,760          –     $102,760
Monique F. Leroux              $50,000     $50,000               –          –     $5,000      $26,000         $3,993                 –       $134,993          –     $134,993
Réal Plourde                   $50,000     $50,000               –          –          –      $18,000         $4,592       $75,000(6)        $197,592     $75,000    $122,592
Daniel Rabinowicz              $50,000     $50,000               –          –     $5,000      $26,000         $3,410                 –       $134,410     $65,500     $68,910
Louis Têtu(1)(3)               $41,265      $41,265              –          –          –       $11,000           $89                 –        $93,619          –      $93,619
Total                                                                                                                                       $2,206,633
        (1)    Mr. Bernier, Ms. Lamothe and Mr. Têtu were appointed to the Board effective September 18, 2019. Their retainers
               were prorated accordingly.
        (2)    Ms. Bourque chose to receive half of her annual Board retainer and half of her annual committee retainer in DSUs,
               and all of her attendance fees in DSUs.
        (3)    Messrs. Boyko and Têtu were not able to attend one of the special Board meetings held by telephone due to a last-
               minute scheduling conflict.
        (4)    Mr. Elie retired from the Board effective September 18, 2019. His annual Board member retainers were prorated
               accordingly. He elected to receive half of his prorated annual retainers in DSUs.
        (5)    On July 25, 2019, Mr. Bernier received a payment in the amount of $546,000 earned in connection with the successful
               integration of the CST stores network acquired by the Corporation in 2017 during his tenure as President, Global
               Fuel and North-East Operations.
        (6)    Messrs. Fortin and Plourde each received an additional $75,000 for consulting services, which was paid to their
               respective corporations.




                                                                                                                                                                     33
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Incentive plan awards – value vested or earned during fiscal 2020

The table below shows the aggregate dollar value that would have been realized if the DSUs issued in
fiscal 2020 had been cashed on the grant date.
                                                                                       Non-equity incentive
                                  Option-based awards –      Share-based awards –
                                                                                       plan compensation –
                                     value vested during       value vested during
                                                                                        value earned during
                                           the fiscal year           the fiscal year
                                                                                                   the year
Mélanie Kau                                             –               $222,802                         –
Jean Bernier                                            –                 $47,310                        –

Nathalie Bourque                                        –                 $88,918                        –
Eric Boyko                                              –                $152,179                        –
Jacques D’Amours                                        –                $122,613                        –
Jean Élie                                               –                 $26,631                        –
Richard Fortin                                          –               $129,744                         –
Marie Josée Lamothe                                     –               $102,760                         –
Monique F. Leroux                                       –               $134,993                         –
Réal Plourde                                            –               $122,592                         –
Daniel Rabinowicz                                       –                 $68,910                        –
Louis Têtu                                              –                 $93,619                        –




                                                                                                              34
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Our Corporate Governance Practices

About the Board of Directors

The Board considers strong and transparent corporate governance practices to be important factors in
the overall success of our Corporation and we are committed to adopting and adhering to the highest
                                                                                                             POSITION
standards of corporate governance. We strive for continuous improvement in our corporate governance
                                                                                                             DESCRIPTIONS
practices to ensure effective oversight of management and our affairs, and to make sure our governance
framework not only meets regulatory requirements but also reflects evolving best practices. We comply        The Board has developed
with the guidelines adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators and with the standards of other        position descriptions for the
regulatory bodies. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines reflect this commitment.                              Founder       and      Executive
                                                                                                             Chairman, the Lead Director, the
Our Board of Directors oversees the management of Alimentation Couche-Tard with a view to increasing
                                                                                                             chairs of each Board committee,
shareholder value over time all the while maintaining all other stakeholders’ interests in mind. The Board
                                                                                                             and the President and Chief
makes major policy decisions and reviews the performance and effectiveness of the management team,
                                                                                                             Executive Officer. These are
which is responsible for our day-to-day operations.
                                                                                                             available on our website
To ensure the Board operates independently of management, it has a Lead Director who has been                (corpo.couche-tard.com).
recommended by the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee and approved by the
Board. The Lead Director is responsible for, among other things, providing leadership to the independent
directors and making sure directors and management understand the responsibilities of the Board, and
that they clearly understand and observe the boundaries between the responsibilities of each. The
independent members of the Board meet with the Lead Director – without management or the non-
independent directors – after every quarterly and annual Board meeting and every committee meeting.
Two standing committees help the Board carry out its responsibilities. Both committees are made up
entirely of independent directors. You can read about the committees on page 47.


  Our governance practices

  BOARD COMPOSITION
     ◼   Appropriate size and mix of senior experience and fresh perspectives
     ◼   Diversity policy ensures all aspects of diversity are considered
     ◼   Skills matrix ensures the right mix of skills and experience

  INDEPENDENCE
     ◼   Lead Director ensures independent functioning of the board
     ◼   Board committees are 100% independent
     ◼   In camera sessions of the independent directors at every meeting

  DIRECTOR ELECTIONS
     ◼   Directors elected annually
     ◼   Directors elected individually, not by slate
     ◼   Majority voting policy to ensure directors receive appropriate shareholder support

  ETHICS AND EDUCATION
     ◼   Strong culture of ethics and integrity
     ◼   Ethics code of conduct that applies to all employees and directors
     ◼   Comprehensive director education program
     ◼   Annual board and director assessment




                                                                                                                                        35
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
The role of the Board of Directors

The Board’s mandate sets out its responsibilities in four categories:                                         BOARD COMMITTEES
  ◼ strategic planning;
                                                                                                              The Audit Committee and
  ◼ human resources;
                                                                                                              Human       Resources       and
  ◼ finance and internal controls; and
                                                                                                              Corporate            Governance
  ◼ governance.
                                                                                                              Committee carry out many of
You will find the full text of the mandate on page 82.                                                        these responsibilities on behalf
1. Strategic planning                                                                                         of the Board.
The Board is responsible for approving the Corporation’s strategic plan and priorities.                       You can learn more about the
The President and CEO, working with the management team, develops the Corporation strategy and                committees and read the 2020
corporate objectives every year, and presents them to the Board at an annual budget and strategic             committee reports starting on
planning session. The Board reviews the plans with management, makes adjustments considering                  page 47.
opportunities and risks and our financial strategy, and approves the annual business plan and our
strategic plan and priorities. The Board also evaluates our performance against the strategic plan and
business plan and assesses operating results against established objectives.
2. Human resources
The Board is responsible for making sure the Corporation is effectively managed. This includes appointing
the President and CEO and senior management, evaluating their performance, approving their
compensation and planning for their succession. It also includes making sure that a culture of integrity
and diversity is built into every level of the organization – from the directors on our Board to the people
working at our retail locations around the world.
3. Finance and internal controls
The Board is responsible for overseeing risk, ensuring the integrity of our internal controls and financial
reporting systems, and overseeing how financial and other material information is communicated to
analysts and the public.
The President and CEO, working with the management team, identifies risks and business opportunities
and is responsible for our risk management processes. The Board and the Audit Committee review our
principal risks and opportunities and approve the main risks associated with the Corporation’s activities
and our system for effectively managing and mitigating such risks.
4. Governance
The Board is responsible for overall governance of the Corporation. This includes developing governance
policies, practices and procedures, ensuring the independent and effective functioning of the Board and
individual directors, and defining the roles of the Lead Director, the Chairman of the Board and the
committee chairs. The Board approves the disclosure of material information, and promotes
communication with our shareholders, the media and the general public.




                                                                                                                                         36
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Ethical culture
Respect is at the heart of all that we do - our culture of honesty and openness drives our success. We
believe in doing what we say we will do, listening to others, and operating in a way that sustains the trust
                                                                                                                  PRIDE IS IN OUR DNA
of our suppliers, partners and customers. It has been a key factor in how we have been able to acquire
so many companies, and welcome many of their people into the Alimentation Couche-Tard family. For                 Our core values are simple - we
us, honesty and trust are a common language that transcends our culture.                                          ACT with pride in people, results,
                                                                                                                  improvement, development and
Respect for human rights is just as important to us. We show respect for all individuals and our workplaces       entrepreneurship:
are characterized by equality and diversity, consistent with the relevant regulations where we do business.         ◼  People make us stand out
We do not accept any form of discrimination of our employees, customers or anyone involved in our                      from our competitors
activities, and expect our suppliers and partners to act according to ethical standards that are consistent         ◼  Results matter
with our values.                                                                                                    ◼  Improvement drives us
                                                                                                                    ◼  Development is always
Ethics code of conduct                                                                                                 looking ahead
                                                                                                                    ◼  Entrepreneurship means we
Our Ethics code of conduct (the “Code”) puts these principles into practice. It covers several areas
                                                                                                                       think like customers and act
including integrity, confidentiality, protecting our property and assets, conflicts of interest, fair treatment
                                                                                                                       like owners.
of clients, suppliers, competitors and employees, insider information and insider trading, and reporting
of suspected non-compliances with the Code, among other things.
The Code applies to everyone at Alimentation Couche-Tard and its subsidiaries, and we expect
contractors, consultants, lobbyists and anyone who works on our behalf to comply with the Code. We
ensure that everyone adheres to the Code by:
  ◼  giving new employees a copy of the Code when they are hired, requiring their signature;
  ◼  hosting management information sessions;
  ◼  investigating any incident or complaint in an objective and timely manner; and
  ◼  making timely corrective measures if and when required.
The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee monitors compliance with the Code. It
receives quarterly reports from the Vice-President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary on the
number and nature of complaints, how the complaints were handled, the results of any investigation and
any corrective action taken.
Everyone is responsible for reporting a suspected breach immediately to the employee’s supervisor or
local legal counsel, or by emailing complaints@couche-tard.com. Reports can be made anonymously
and should include enough relevant information to allow for a reasonable inquiry. All reports are treated
impartially and confidentially, and there will be no retaliation against anyone who makes a report in good
faith.
The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee reviews the Code regularly. A copy is
available on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com) and on SEDAR (sedar.com).


Disclosure practices
The Corporation is committed to providing material information to shareholders and the public in a
timely, accurate and balanced way. The Code includes a communication policy that confirms such                    DISCLOSURE PRACTICES
commitment, as well as a no comment policy, which means that we do not answer questions about any                 We expect all employees,
discussions or negotiations that Couche-Tard may or may not be having with others relating to potential           including all executive officers,
transactions or other events that could have a material effect on the Corporation. Furthermore, the               to exercise the highest standard
Corporation has mandated a Disclosure Committee with the responsibility to set out procedures and                 of care in preparing business
controls for making sure our disclosure is accurate, complete and in accordance with all applicable               and     financial   information,
statutory and regulatory requirements.                                                                            whether for internal or external
                                                                                                                  use.




                                                                                                                                              37
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Whistleblower policy
The Corporation has also adopted a Whistleblower Policy which covers accounting and auditing matters,
corporate fraud, and internal accounting controls. It sets out a process for receiving, retaining and
                                                                                                                REPORTING A BREACH
treating complaints. All directors, officers and employees are required to understand this policy and
comply with its terms.                                                                                          Suspected breaches of the
                                                                                                                policy can be reported to an
The Audit Committee monitors compliance with the policy. It receives quarterly reports from the Chief
                                                                                                                employee’s supervisor, the
Financial Officer (the “CFO”) on the number and nature of complaints, how the complaints were handled,
                                                                                                                CFO,     or   by     emailing
the results of any investigation and any corrective action taken. The Audit Committee is notified
                                                                                                                accounting.complaints@
immediately if we have received a report that could have a material impact on the Corporation.
                                                                                                                couche-tard.com.
Risk management
The Board is responsible for overseeing the material risks of our business, and for ensuring that
management has effective risk management processes and mitigation strategies in place.
Management and the Board identify and prioritize risks in four categories using a systematic risk
assessment process that considers probability, impact and mitigation:
  ◼  strategic;
  ◼  financial;
  ◼  operational; and
  ◼  compliance.
The top risks are identified and mitigating actions are developed for each. Main risks identified during
fiscal 2020 fall into the following areas: decline in fuel demand, legislation, cybersecurity, acquisition
management, competition, people, culture and pandemic (COVID-19).
The CFO presents the results of the assessment to the Audit Committee for review and approval once a
year and presents an update for discussion. The results guide management and the Board in the strategic
planning and budgeting process. The management team takes ownership of the risks specific to their
area and are responsible for developing and implementing the controls to manage and re-assess risk.


Sustainability – Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) Factors
                                                                                                                OUR SUSTAINABILITY
Alimentation Couche-Tard has always been committed to high ethical standards and operating
                                                                                                                REPORT
responsibly. In fiscal 2020 it was decided to integrate sustainability as one of our business considerations.
Consequently, four focus areas were chosen for our sustainability approach; Energy, Fuel, Foodservice           You can read more about our
Packaging, and Waste and Workplace Safety. We are now working on developing goals, targets and key              key areas of focus, why they’re
performance indicators for these four areas.                                                                    important, and our progress this
                                                                                                                year in our 2020 Sustainability
The focus areas established in last year’s Sustainability Report were developed using a prioritization
                                                                                                                Report, which is available on our
matrix based on stakeholder perspectives, conversations with investors and interviews with our business
                                                                                                                website           (corpo.couche-
leaders. The focus areas contribute towards the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).
                                                                                                                tard.com).




                                                                                                                                            38
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Communications and engagement
The Board is committed to engaging with shareholders and all of our stakeholders. In fiscal 2020 we met
one-on-one with several of our major shareholders, which allowed us to provide context about the             HOW TO CONTACT THE
Corporation, how we’re governed, and the decisions the Board and management make.                            BOARD
                                                                                                             You can communicate directly
Leadership diversity and succession                                                                          with the Board by writing to:
We encourage diversity at all levels of our organization – from the retail store to the Board of Directors   Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.
– and believe that being able to draw on a wide range of viewpoints, backgrounds, skills and experience      c/o Executive Chairman
is critical to our success, particularly in an increasingly complex global marketplace.                      4204 Industriel Blvd.
Having an employee base that reflects the communities where we work is also a competitive advantage,         Laval, Québec H7L 0E3
because it helps us understand and serve our diverse customer base more effectively. Diversity is also an
important part of good governance and key to a well-functioning Board and an effective executive             Please mark your envelope
management team.                                                                                             private and confidential.
As a statement of this commitment, the Corporation’s President and CEO, Mr. Hannasch, has joined in
March 2020 the CEO ACTION pledge - a growing coalition pledging to advance diversity and inclusion
within the workplace - positioning Couche-Tard to become the first convenience store retailer to join this
action for diversity and inclusion.


An inclusive workplace
In 2018, the Corporation has adopted a formal Policy Regarding Diversity on the Board of Directors and in
Executive Officer Positions (the “Diversity Policy”) setting forth guidelines for promoting diversity and    AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
inclusion throughout the organization. While all director and executive appointments are based on merit,     EMPLOYER
the Board expects that when selecting candidates a wide rage of criteria are considered, to ensure that      We support the spirit and intent
these bodies, as a whole, reflect a range of viewpoints, backgrounds, educational levels, skills, work       of human rights and anti-
experience and expertise. You can read more specifically about Board diversity on page 41.                   discrimination      laws,     and
We have a large global workforce that spans many cultures, backgrounds and languages. In addition to         promote       a     culture     of
our Diversity Policy, we have several initiatives and polices that promote an inclusive and respectful       acceptance       and      respect,
workforce, including:                                                                                        regardless of age, physical or
  ◼ cross-cultural training;                                                                                 mental ability, gender, sexual
  ◼ accommodating religious attire according to local practice;                                              orientation, marital or family
  ◼ improving our compliance with Americans with Disabilities Act standards; and                             status, national or ethnic origin,
  ◼ an ageless workplace strategy that is relevant to at least four generations.                             religion or political beliefs, or
                                                                                                             regional      or      geographic
We are committed to developing more women, culturally diverse individuals and millennial leaders, so
                                                                                                             background.
our leadership team is a clearer reflection of our customer and employee base. We try to promote from
within and recognize that we can only reach our leadership goals if we are committed to thinking about       You can read more in our Ethics
diversity in the hiring process at all levels of the organization.                                           code of conduct, which you can
                                                                                                             find    on     our     website
We have invested in our millennial workforce, adapting to their unique needs, and fostered engagement
                                                                                                             (corpo.couche-tard.com).
with our employees at every level of the organization. We recognize autonomy, acknowledge
empowerment and emphasize leadership and the opportunities to grow with the Corporation. We
strongly encourage our teams to stand out and become leaders, because we believe that our strength
lies in the growth and development of our employees.


Women in leadership                                                                                          WOMEN IN EXECUTIVE
While we have not set specific targets for women leaders – nor other specific minority categories, we        AND
work with our human resources directors around the world to make sure we are developing a talent             VICE PRESIDENT ROLES
pipeline that will lead to a more representative balance between men and women in leadership roles.          (as at July 2020)
Currently three of our fifteen (20%) executives are women, and seven of the twenty-three (30%) people                            Total   Women
we believe have the potential to become executives are female. The number of women in executive roles        Executives          15      3 (20%)
and other areas of the Corporation can be linked to various initiatives including an executive session on    Potential           23      7 (30%)
diversity in the talent and succession review, tracking and reporting progress on diversity goals, and the   executives
development of our Diversity Policy.                                                                         Vice Presidents     50      14 (28%)
                                                                                                             Potential      Vice73       20 (27%)
In fiscal 2020 we continued to celebrate our many Top Women in Convenience through the Couche-               Presidents
Tard’s Women’s Council, a business resource group with the mission of creating winning conditions for
                                                                                                                                             39
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
women within the Corporation. The Women’s Council is part of Couche-Tard’s Board of Directors’
commitment to diversity and inclusion and to taking measurable actions promoting a workplace where
a broad spectrum of perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. The Women’s Council’s
work includes bringing the “Together we make a difference” pledge to the corporation, introducing the
first training modules on Unconscious Bias as well creating career development workshops in Couche-
Tard’s global offices and stores.


Succession planning
The Board recognizes that effective succession planning for the President and CEO and executive
management ensures continuity of executive management. The Human Resources and Corporate
Governance Committee is responsible for making sure we have executive succession planning and
performance evaluation programs and processes (including development and career planning), and that
these are operating effectively. The Committee also oversees planning when a change to the
organization’s structure has an impact on executive roles. Working with the President and CEO as well as
the Chief Human Resource Officer (CHRO), the Committee reviews our succession planning process once
a year. The talent and succession process starts at the business unit level with local vice-presidents and
local human resources directors’ review of talent and succession candidates, including nominating
candidates for vice-president and functional leadership roles. After rounds of regional coordination, the
executive leadership team performs a companywide review led by the CHRO. The results from the
Corporation wide review, the President and CEO and CHRO’s considerations for senior executive
succession are presented to the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee annually. The
Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for the President and CEO
succession review, and choice of President and CEO succession candidates. The development of the
President and CEO succession candidates occurs in collaboration with the CHRO.
The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee has a contingency plan to ensure an
orderly process in the event something unexpected happens to a member of the executive management
team.




                                                                                                             40
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
About the Directors

Board composition
The Board must have at least three and no more than 20 directors according to our articles.
The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee reviews the size of the Board and the mix
of skills of the existing directors every year, and when it is considering new director candidates for the
Board. Its goal is to build a diverse group of directors who collectively have the relevant skills, experience
and qualities necessary to support our strategic direction, meet the challenges the Corporation faces and
serve the long-term interests of our shareholders.
We recognize the importance of maintaining an effective balance of director expertise and
independence. We have benefited greatly from the experience of the more senior members of the Board
over time, but have also refreshed the Board, by adding several new independent directors over the last
years. You can read about all the Director Nominees beginning on page 14.



  Building a diverse Board
  In order to ensure an appropriate balance of backgrounds, the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee annually reviews
  the size and composition of the Board to identify imbalances and gaps, as well as opportunities that may be associated with further
  diversification.
  In particular, the Board recognizes that gender diversity is a significant aspect of diversity for our Board, and to that effect specifically
  commits in the Diversity Policy to consider the level of women on the Board and to ensure that women are included in the short list of
  candidates being considered for a Board position. While we do not have specific targets for the representation of women on our Board, the
  Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee supports the identification and nomination of women directors. However, gender
  diversity is one factor out of many – diversity of views, experience, skill sets, culture and ethnicity – that we take into account when identifying
  and selecting suitable candidates, and the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee believes it is important that each
  appointment or nomination is based on the person’s merits and the Corporation’s needs at the time.
  In particular, we are enhancing the diversity of our Board by:
     ◼ developing recruitment protocols that recognize that diverse candidates can be found in a broad array of organizations outside of the
       traditional candidate pool of corporate directors and officers;
     ◼ using to their fullest potential the current network of organizations that can help identify diverse candidates;
     ◼ periodically reviewing board recruitment and selection protocols to make sure that diversity remains a component of every search;
       and
     ◼ specifically supporting gender diversity by considering the level of representation of women on the board and ensuring that women
       are included in the short list of director candidates.




                                                                                                                                                  41
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Director nomination process
The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for developing, reviewing,
and monitoring criteria, as well as establishing procedures for evaluating and recommending potential        DIRECTOR NOMINATION
directors to the Board for approval. Such evaluation and recommendation are based on a four-step
process:                                                                                                     1. IDENTIFY GAPS ON
                                                                                                                  THE BOARD
1. Identify necessary skills, abilities and personal attributes
The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee uses the skills matrix and our diversity                      +
guidelines to identify current and upcoming gaps on the Board and builds a list of suitable candidates. It
may use a recruiting firm to help with this process.
                                                                                                                2. MEET WITH
                                                                                                                 POTENTIAL
2. Meet with potential candidates                                                                               CANDIDATES
New candidates are interviewed by the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee, the
Lead Director, the Founder and Executive Chairman and by the other members of the Board if                           +
appropriate.
                                                                                                               3. RECOMMEND
3. Recommend Director Nominees to the Board                                                                   NOMINEES TO THE
The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee recommends new directors for                                BOARD
nomination to the Board. It also works with the Founder and Executive Chairman and the Lead Director
to review the performance and contribution of existing directors, to make sure they remain effective and             +
confirm they are in good standing for nomination.
                                                                                                               4. NOMINATE FOR
4. Nominate directors for approval by shareholders                                                               APPROVAL BY
The Board nominates the final list of directors to be approved by shareholders at the annual meeting.           SHAREHOLDERS
Please see page 14 for information about this year’s Director Nominees.
The Board is satisfied that this year’s group of Director Nominees meets our requirements for a healthy
board culture that promotes diverse perspectives and good governance.




                                                                                                                                 42
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Skills matrix
The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee uses a skills matrix to help assess the
overall skills of the Board and identify gaps. The skills matrix outlines the desired qualifications, attributes,
skill and experience that are important to and necessary for the proper functioning of the Board and are
reviewed annually. These areas of expertise are intended to complement the general qualifications and
attributes that are sought in all Board members, such as high ethics and integrity, senior executive
leadership, strategic acumen, sound business judgement, as well as willingness to devote the required
amount of time to carry out the duties and responsibilities of Board service.
The following table outlines the skills of our Director Nominees:




                                                   Alain Bouchard                               Jacques D’ Amours   Janice L. Fields                    Brian Hannasch                 Marie Josée Lamothe   Monique F. Leroux                  Daniel Rabinowicz
                                                                    Jean Bernier   Eric Boyko                                          Richard Fortin                    Mélanie Kau                                             Réal Plourde                       Louis Têtu
CHARACTERISTICS
Independence                                                                       ✓                                ✓                                                    ✓             ✓                     ✓                                  ✓                   ✓
Other for-profit directorships                     ✓                ✓              ✓                                ✓                  ✓                                 ✓             ✓                     ✓                   ✓              ✓                   ✓
SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
Entrepreneurship                                   ✓                ✓              ✓            ✓                                      ✓                ✓                ✓             ✓                     ✓                   ✓              ✓                   ✓
Financial literacy                                 ✓                ✓              ✓            ✓                   ✓                  ✓                ✓                ✓             ✓                     ✓                   ✓                                  ✓
Corporate governance                               ✓                ✓              ✓            ✓                   ✓                  ✓                ✓                ✓                                   ✓                   ✓              ✓                   ✓
Compensation,        labour   relations,   human
resources
                                                   ✓                ✓              ✓            ✓                   ✓                  ✓                                 ✓                                   ✓                   ✓              ✓                   ✓
Senior executive leadership                        ✓                ✓              ✓            ✓                   ✓                  ✓                ✓                ✓             ✓                     ✓                   ✓              ✓                   ✓
Corporate social responsibility, environment       ✓                ✓              ✓            ✓                   ✓                  ✓                ✓                              ✓                     ✓                   ✓              ✓                   ✓
Marketing, communications                          ✓                ✓              ✓            ✓                   ✓                                   ✓                ✓             ✓                     ✓                   ✓              ✓                   ✓
Digital economy                                                                    ✓                                                                                     ✓             ✓                     ✓                                  ✓                   ✓
Oil, Gas and Energy sector experience              ✓                ✓                           ✓                                      ✓                ✓                                                                        ✓
Information technology                                                             ✓                                                   ✓                                               ✓                     ✓                   ✓                                  ✓
International retail and consumer products         ✓                ✓              ✓            ✓                   ✓                  ✓                ✓                ✓             ✓                     ✓                   ✓              ✓                   ✓
Industry knowledge                                 ✓                ✓              ✓            ✓                   ✓                  ✓                ✓                ✓             ✓                     ✓                   ✓              ✓




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 43
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Orientation and continuing education
The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for orientation and ongoing
education of directors.
                                                                                                                CONTINUING
                                                                                                                 EDUCATION
Orientation
All new directors are given a director’s guide that contains information about the Corporation and our      REGULAR NEWSFEED
industry, Board and Committee mandates, the Code and other corporate policies. Directors attend
orientation presentations by key executives, who provide in-depth information about the industry, our
Corporation and our North American and European businesses, our strategy, risks, culture and key issues.            +
New directors are also given an overview of the role and functioning of the Board and its Committees,
and what is expected of them in their role as director.                                                          ONGOING
                                                                                                              PRESENTATIONS

Continuing education
The continuing education program for directors is structured to broaden their knowledge of the
                                                                                                                    +
Corporation and the industry and keep them up to date on company initiatives. These initiatives include
                                                                                                             ANNUAL STRATEGIC
the following:
                                                                                                                 MEETING
Newsfeeds: Directors receive newsfeeds on a regular basis from the executive group that keeps them
current and gives them a window into our extensive network of stores.
Ongoing presentations: Directors attend regular presentations on the main areas of the Corporation’s
                                                                                                                    +
business, financial matters, operations and overall industry. These presentations include highlighting
                                                                                                            COMMITTEE SPECIFIC
market conditions and trends that may impact the Corporation’s business and influence its growth
                                                                                                              PRESENTATIONS
strategy and worldwide outlook, key risks and opportunities. These presentations are generally held
during Board meetings and give directors an opportunity to talk to executives and senior management.
Annual strategic meeting: Directors also attend an annual strategic planning meeting, where they have               +
the opportunity to review and discuss with senior management the Corporation’s long-term strategic
plan.
                                                                                                              ANNUAL IN-DEPTH
Committee specific presentations: at the committee level, continuing education topics are added to             TRAININGND
committee agendas from time to time through out the year. For example, invited outside advisors provide       PROGRAMS
regular updates on developments in corporate governance, tax legislation or executive compensation
practices.                                                                                                       +
Annual in-depth training: Once a year, directors attend an in-depth session designed to increase their
knowledge of the industry and our business activities globally. External consultants are often invited to   OTHER SEMINARS AND
present, and sessions can include tours of international operations and discussions of future business          PROGRAMS
trends and issues.
Other seminars and programs: Directors are encouraged to attend seminars and educational programs
offered by other organizations, to suggest ideas for future programs and to share best practices they
have observed at other boards.
Finally, Board members have full access to the Corporation’s executives and senior management, and
the Board encourages management to address the Board in those instances where a manager’s expertise
and assistance can enhance the Board’s understanding of a particular issue under its consideration.




                                                                                                                              44
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
In fiscal 2020, members of the Board and the Committees participated in the following presentations and
events:
 Topic                                                                                  Date                                              Presenters                  Attendees
Global business strategy and budget presentation                                 May 13, 2019                       Various Couche-Tard executives                  All directors

Presentation on cybersecurity                                                     July 9, 2019         Suzanne Hall, Vice President Global CISO and                 All directors
                                                                                                                                       Insrastructure
Presentation on various artificial intelligence pricing pilots           September 4, 2019                       Brian Hannasch, President and CEO                  All directors

Presentation on leadership development                                   September 4, 2019                              Guy Beaudin, Firme RHR LLP                  All directors

Fuel environmental risk management presentation                          September 4, 2019                     Brent Puzak, Environmental Director         Members of the Audit
                                                                                                 Stephan Pignatel, Head of Global Finance & Supply                  Committee
                                                                                                                               Chain Optimization
Presentation on customer segmentation                                        October 22, 2019                    Kevin Lewis, Chief Marketing Officer               All directors

Presentation on AI                                                           October 22, 2019                                    Louis Tetu, Director               All directors

Site visits                                                                  January 28, 2020     Stéphane Trudel, Senior Vice-president, Canadian                  Jean Bernier,
                                                                                                                                       Operations          Marie Josée Lamothe,
                                                                                                                                                                      Louis Têtu
Fuel training presentation                                                    March 17, 2020                                           Alex Miller,                 All directors
                                                                                                 Executive Vice President, Commercial Optimization
Global executive compensation programs presentation                           March 17, 2020                                   Willis Towers Watson      Members of the Human
                                                                                                                                                        Resources and Corporate
                                                                                                                                                         Governance Committee


Regular meeting attendance
Board and committee meetings are called and held as described in our by-laws. Directors are expected
to attend all meetings, and attendance is almost always 100%. Meetings run efficiently because directors
have materials well before each meeting, giving them enough time to prepare for thorough discussion.

                                                                                        Committee meetings


                                                                                      Human Resources and               Total 2020
                                 Board meetings                     Audit             Corporate Governance              attendance
Alain Bouchard                     11 of 11 (100%)                      –                                   –                 100%

Mélanie Kau                        11 of 11 (100%)                      –                        4 of 4 (100%)                100%

Jean Bernier                        8 of 8 (100%)                       –                                   –                 100%

Nathalie Bourque                   11 of 11 (100%)                      –                        4 of 4 (100%)                100%

Eric Boyko(1)                      10 of 11 (90%)            4 of 4 (100%)                                  –                  93%

Jacques D’Amours                   11 of 11 (100%)                      –                                   –                 100%

Richard Fortin                     11 of 11 (100%)                      –                                   –                 100%

Brian Hannasch                     11 of 11 (100%)                      –                                   –                 100%

Marie Josée Lamothe                 8 of 8 (100%)            2 of 2 (100%)                                  –                 100%

Monique F. Leroux                  11 of 11 (100%)           4 of 4 (100%)                                  –                 100%

Réal Plourde                       11 of 11 (100%)                      –                                   –                 100%

Daniel Rabinowicz                  11 of 11 (100%)                      –                        4 of 4 (100%)                100%

Louis Têtu                           7 of 8 (88%)                       –                                   –                  88%
         (1)    Messrs. Boyko and Têtu were not able to attend one of the special Board meeting held by telephone and called
                with limited time notice due to conflicting schedules.




                                                                                                                                                                           45
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Board, committee and director assessments
The Board has a formal assessment process for determining how well the Board, Board committees and
individual directors are functioning. The process is completed yearly, alternating between a written
questionnaire and one-on-one interviews with each director.                                                     ANNUAL ASSESSMENTS
The questionnaire goes out to all members of the Board and is completed anonymously. It includes four                 BOARD
categories of questions:                                                                                          RESPONSIBILITY
  ◼  Board responsibility – do directors have the tools and the time necessary to gain a good
     understanding of the Corporation and its strategy, operations and risks?
                                                                                                                        +
  ◼  Board operations – does the Board have the right mix of directors, and are meetings effective,
     mandates clear and reporting sufficient?
                                                                                                                 BOARD OPERATIONS
  ◼  Board effectiveness – do the directors communicate effectively with management and with each
     other?
  ◼  committee assessment – are the committees appropriate, the directors who sit on them effective                     +
     and the work they produce sufficient?
The questionnaire also includes open-ended questions about areas the Board should be focussing on,              BOARD EFFECTIVENESS
and where things should be improved. The Lead Director meets personally with a director if there is a
performance issue.
                                                                                                                        +
In alternate years, the Lead Director meets with each individual director in a one-on-one meeting and
goes through the questions personally. This approach gives rich feedback, which the Lead Director brings            COMMITTEE
back to the committee, and will bring to the full Board if there are things that need to be addressed.              ASSESSMENT
In fiscal 2020 the Board assessed the Lead Director by having the Executive Chairman contact each
individual director to review and assess the Lead Director’s performance.

Primary Employment Status Change
A director who makes a major change in his or her principal occupation shall inform the Board for
consideration if such director shall submit his or her resignation. It is not intended that the directors who
retire or whose professional positions change should necessarily leave the Board; rather, the Board
believes it is appropriate in such circumstances to conduct a review, with the assistance of the Human
Resources and Corporate Governance Committee, of the continued appropriateness of Board
membership under such circumstances.

Retirement and term limits
There is no retirement age, and there are no term limits for serving as a director. The Board continues to
believe that the annual assessment process is an efficient and transparent way to evaluate directors. The
annual director assessment provides strong motivation for directors to make sure they are adding value
and making a significant contribution to the Board and the Corporation.




                                                                                                                                 46
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Board Committees

The Board has two committees that help it carry out its responsibilities.



                                       The Audit Committee helps the Board oversee:
  Audit
                                           the integrity of our financial statements and related information;
  Committee
                                        ◼


                                        ◼  our compliance with laws and regulations that apply to us;
                                        ◼  the independence, competence and appointment of the external auditors;
  Members                               ◼  the performance of the CFO with respect to the internal controls and external auditors, and
  Eric Boyko (chair)                    ◼  risk management and internal controls.
  Marie Josee Lamothe
  Monique F. Leroux                    2020 areas of focus
                                         ◼ recommended the annual and quarterly financial statements and related MD&A as well as press releases
  2020 meetings                            to the Board for approval;
  4 meetings – 100% attendance           ◼ reviewed disclosure controls and procedures including internal controls over financial reporting;
  100% independent                       ◼ reviewed and approved the audit plan and monitored its quarterly and annual execution;
                                         ◼ reviewed the Corporation’s capital structure and utilization of cash and recommended to the Board the
  100% financially literate
                                           approval of an increase in the quarterly dividend, a share split and the renewal of the normal course
                                           issuer bid;
                                         ◼ reviewed risk management activities and results, and reviewed the key risks facing the Corporation;
                                         ◼ reviewed the Corporation’s strategic business plan;
                                         ◼ discussed and reviewed cyber security protocols;
                                         ◼ discussed and reviewed the Corporation’s insurance program;
                                         ◼ discussed and reviewed the Corporation’s tax structure with management;
                                         ◼ discussed and reviewed the Corporation’s environmental matters;
                                         ◼ reviewed and approved the Corporation’s Delegation of Authority Policy;
                                         ◼ received quarterly whistleblowing reports;
                                         ◼ received quarterly reports on investor relations;
                                         ◼ received quarterly reports on the Corporation’s material litigation; and
                                         ◼ reviewed the Audit Committee charter.




                                                                                                                                         47
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
                                    The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee helps the Board fulfill its responsibilities
  Human Resources and
                                    related to:
  Corporate Governance
                                         human resources;
  Committee
                                      ◼


                                      ◼  appointing directors and senior management;
                                      ◼  compensation;
  Members                             ◼  governance; and
  Mélanie Kau (chair)                 ◼  ethics.
  Nathalie Bourque
  Daniel Rabinowicz                 2020 areas of focus
                                    Principal accomplishments with respect to human resources:
  2020 meetings                       ◼ reviewed and approved the fiscal 2020 performance measures and weightings for the incentive plans;
  4 meetings – 100% attendance        ◼ reviewed the performance vesting conditions of the 2016 PSU awards and determined the payout;
                                        approved the fiscal 2019 annual incentive bonus payout;
  100% independent
                                      ◼


                                      ◼ approved and recommended to the Board a special incentive bonus tied to the successful integration
                                        of the CST network of stores;
                                      ◼ reviewed and approved changes to the President and CEO, and the Executive Chairman compensation
                                        program;
                                      ◼ received a report prepared by Willis Towers Watson on executive compensation program and
                                        approved changes to executive compensation for fiscal 2021;
                                      ◼ reviewed the pipeline of talent and succession candidates from vice-president level and up;
                                      ◼ received a report on the Corporation’s retirement plans;
                                      ◼ reviewed and approved the 2019 Management Information Circular;
                                      ◼ received regular reports on human resources related to whistleblowing calls;
                                      ◼ received a report from the Chief Human Resources Officer on organizational matters, employee
                                        engagement and employee turnover;
                                      ◼ received a quarterly report on health and safety;
                                      ◼ received regular reports on the COVID-19 situation.

                                    Principal accomplishments with respect to corporate governance:
                                      ◼ reviewed the onboarding process and development plan for new Directors;
                                      ◼ conducted a Board and committee assessment;
                                      ◼ reviewed the Board composition and skills matrix;
                                      ◼ reviewed and approved the Human Resource and Corporate Governance Committee work plan for
                                        fiscal 2020-2021;
                                      ◼ reviewed Board members compensation;
                                      ◼ received regular reports with respect to Directors’ share ownership guidelines;
                                      ◼ received regular reports on corporate governance trends;
                                      ◼ recruited new Board member with pertinent experience;
                                      ◼ received a report on the Corporation’s sustainable strategy; and
                                      ◼ reviewed the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee charter.




                                                                                                                                   48
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Letter from the Chair of the Human Resources and
Corporate Governance Committee

Dear shareholders,


On behalf of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee (the “HRCG Committee”) and
the Board of Directors, we are pleased to share Alimentation Couche-Tard’s fiscal 2020 Compensation
Discussion and Analysis. This document reflects our belief in the transparent disclosure of all facets of our
executive pay programs.
Last year, our first ever ‘say on pay’ advisory vote received 99.01% support from shareholders, signaling strong support for our pay
for performance philosophy. We believe our executive compensation programs have struck the right balance between rewarding
short- and long-term performance appropriately, while ensuring fair compensation in relation to outside benchmarks and
shareholder expectations. We believe Alimentation Couche-Tard is well positioned to continue to grow and expand.
Alimentation Couche-Tard’s performance in fiscal 2020 and impact on pay outcomes
Despite the final quarter of fiscal 2020 being dramatically impacted by the worldwide COVID-19 pandemic, we had an exceptional
year overall, both financially and operationally. We stayed on track with our strategic goals including growing organically across the
network by making strides in the rebranding of our sites and fuel brand, beginning the rollout of our new food program in the U.S.,
pushing dynamic pricing initiatives, and improving our customer experience across the globe. With revenues of US$54.1 billion, our
net earnings attributable to shareholders soared to over US$2.35 billion or US$2.09 per share on a diluted basis - up from $1.83
billion and US$1.62 per share on a diluted basis in 2019, an increase of 29% in the adjusted net earnings per share on a diluted basis
- and our EBITDA increased from US$3.6 billion to US$4.5 billion, a growth of 26.3% compared with the previous fiscal year.
But financial results do not tell the entire story. Amid the uncertainty of the COVID-19 crisis, our management teams focused quickly
and effectively to protect our employees and customers so as to ensure business continuity during the most disruptive event the
Corporation has ever experienced. Being considered an essential business in all the geographies where Couche-Tard operates meant
the Corporation needed to take decisive actions to ensure it met expectations at a time when customers needed it the most. We are
very proud and grateful for everyone’s tremendous efforts to achieve that goal.
Despite these achievements, the annual short-term incentive plan for executive officers only paid out partially. The Corporation set
ambitious targets in 2019 and, as a consequence, one performance component tied to a company-wide objective was not achieved.
The other portions of the annual short-term incentive, namely the corporate financial component and the individual components for
each named executive, were achieved at 124% and on average 90% respectively. This solid performance results in an annual incentive
payout to our NEOs of (on average) 90% of annual base salary.
Long-term incentive awards granted in fiscal 2017 and vesting during fiscal 2020, were comprised of units with a performance factor
(65%) and of units with a time-based component (35%) and paid out at 87% of target. This result reflected the three-year performance
period and the achievement of 4 out of 5 of the performance criteria set in fiscal 2017. For its long-term incentives the company
always sets stretch goals that align executive effort with important operational parameters that, if achieved, will create value over the
longer term. The HRCG Committee considers this result of an 87% payout a solid achievement.
Executive Compensation Decisions
During fiscal 2020 the HRCG Committee worked with our compensation consultants Willis Towers Watson and conducted a broad
review of the Corporation’s executive compensation programs, as is the case (on average) every two years., The HRCG Committe’s
objective in doing this review is to ensure that executive compensation continues to enable the Corporation to attract, motivate and
retain the high-performing executive officers that can make the difference between median and superior performance. As well,
during this compensation review we aim to validate that the structure of our remuneration aligns executives’ interests with those of
the Corporation’s shareholders. This year’s review led to the following important decisions:
Chief Executive Officer change in Long-Term compensation. Pursuant to the report prepared by Willis Towers Watson the HRCG
Committee modified the composition of the CEO’s long-term compensation so as to better align with market practices that favour
long-term incentives that are subject to specific performance conditions. As a result, under the newly approved CEO compensation,
the long-term’s incentive’s plan performance-based component (the share units with a performance factor) was increased to 47% of
total long-term incentives. For a better understanding of the total percentage of the CEO’s compensation that is at risk please see
page 60.
                                                                                                                                            49
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Amendments to the Corporation’s long-term equity incentive plans. This year the HRCG Committee benchmarked shareholding
guidelines and practices with a view to better enable our employees at the VP level and above to reach the thresholds of their
respective shareholding requirements. As a result of this review the HRCG Committee recommended modifications to the
Corporation’s share-based compensation and benefits programs, namely the Deferred share units plan, the newly renamed Share
unit plan, as well as the Employee share purchase plan. Effective fiscal 2021, VPs and above will be able to 1) receive deferred share
units instead of the time-vested restricted share units that represent 35% of their annual share-based awards and 2) will also be able
to increase their participation in the Employee share purchase plan from the previous maximum of 5% of their annual base salary to
up to 10%.
Other Committee Work. This year was an important year for the HRCG Committee with regards to executive development as we
spent time on an in-depth review of the executive team and individual paths for growth and development. While this work is done
on an ongoing basis, this year the HRCG Committee was accompanied by an outside consultant specialized in executive assessments
giving the Corporation the ability to further refine these development plans. In addition to the obvious benefits this exercise provided,
it also enabled the HRCG Committee to have a clearer and strategic view of the Corporation’s succession pipeline over the next few
years.
Looking Ahead
As the Corporation continues on its spectacular growth path, the HRCG Committee understands and acknowledges its critical role in
ensuring that the design of the Corporation’s compensation programs earns the loyalty of our talented executive team while
delivering a truly superior corporate performance resulting in shareholder value-creation.
We will do this by continuing to build on the strong foundation of sound and effective pay and governance practices that the
Corporation has followed since its very inception. As well, we will carefully watch the context that the Corporation evolves in and we
will continue to monitor the evolution of market best practices.
We are confident that our executive compensation programs and our philosophy of pay for performance will continue to help us
create value for our many stakeholders.as the Corporation continues on its journey of growth and consolidation.


Sincerely,
(s) Mélanie Kau


Mélanie Kau
Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee




                                                                                                                                            50
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
2020 Overview

This section discusses executive compensation at Alimentation Couche-Tard – our philosophy and
approach, compensation governance, our decision-making process, the program components and
decisions about executive pay for fiscal 2020 and how that relates to our share performance.
2020 performance
                                                                                                                                             2020 NAMED EXECUTIVE
Despite the final quarter of fiscal 2020 being dramatically impacted by the worldwide COVID-19
                                                                                                                                             OFFICERS
pandemic, the Corporation delivered excellent financial results. Our management teams focused quickly
and effectively to protect our employees, customers, and business continuity during the most disruptive                                      ALAIN BOUCHARD
event we have ever experienced. Our Corporation, considered an essential business in all of the areas in                                     Founder and Executive
which we operate, took decisive and disciplined actions to ensure we were able to meet or exceed all our                                     Chairman
stakeholders’ expectations.
                                                                                                                                             BRIAN HANNASCH
(52-week period)                                                                             2020                 2019
Net earnings ($US millions)                                                            $2,353.6                 $1,833.9
                                                                                                                                             President and Chief
Merchandise and service gross profit                                                     +0.5%                  +12.0%                       Executive Officer
Road transportation fuel gross profit                                                   +13.1%                  +16.6%
                                                                                                                                             CLAUDE TESSIER
Return on capital employed                                                                   15.0%              12.6%(1)
      (1)   This performance measure has been adjusted for the estimated pro-forma impact of IFRS 16 and the previously
                                                                                                                                             Chief Financial Officer
            disclosed measure was 14.1%.
                                                                                                                                             DARRELL DAVIS
2020 compensation at a glance                                                                                                                Executive Vice-President
                                                                                                                                             Operations North America
We believe in pay for performance. Our compensation program is designed to drive short and long-term
business performance and appreciation in our share price, which creates value for our shareholders and                                       ALEX MILLER
flows through to executive compensation.                                                                                                     Executive Vice-President
                                                                                                                                             Commercial Optimization
The table below is a summary of total direct compensation granted to our named executive officers (each
a “NEO”) for 2020 performance. You can read about each compensation component in more detail
beginning on page 62.
                                                                                Long-term incentives
                                                                                                                                                      %               %
                                                                 Annual          Share               Stock       Fiscal 2020 direct          at risk for     at risk for
                                              Salary(1)      incentive(6)     units(2),(3)       options(4)          compensation        fiscal 2020(5)    fiscal 2019
Alain Bouchard                              $1,356,978         $892,142      $2,793,075         $1,044,604                 $6,086,799              62%            57%
Founder and Executive Chairman
Brian Hannasch                             $1,850,455        $3,984,768      $5,306,160              $988,767              $12,130,150             69%            65%
President and Chief Executive Officer
Claude Tessier                               $673,493         $1,215,491      $682,894               $84,825               $2,656,703              66%            57%
Chief Financial Officer
Darrell Davis                                $655,262         $1,477,040       $522,188               $64,871              $2,719,361              69%            63%
Executive Vice President, Operations,
North America
Alex Miller                                  $724,425         $1,136,255      $574,407                $71,348              $2,506,435              63%            50%
Executive Vice President, Commercial
Optimization
      (1)   Messrs. Hannasch, Davis and Miller are paid in U.S. dollars. Their compensation has been converted into Canadian
            dollars using the average exchange rate of 1.3344 for fiscal 2020. As a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, Messrs.
            Bouchard and Hannasch have agreed to waive 100% of their respective base salaries as of March 15, 2020, and our
            other senior executives have waived 20% of their respective base salaries as of March 30, 2020 for the remainder
            of fiscal 2020.
      (2)   Only the financial component (65% of this amount) is performance based (see page 69 for details).
      (3)   Share units are awarded based on the weighted average trading price of Class B shares on the TSX for the five days
            immediately preceding the grant date and stock options are awarded based on the weighted average reported
            closing price for a board lot of the Class B Shares on the TSX for the five days prior to such day.
      (4)   Amounts are the fair value of the stock option awards on the grant date, calculated using the Black-Scholes model.
      (5)   The at-risk compensation is composed of the annual incentive, the stock options and the performance-based share
            units which represent 65% of each share units award.
      (6)   These amounts include the special bonus that Messrs. Hannasch, Tessier, Davis and Miller received for the successful
            integration of the CST network of stores. The CST bonus amounts paid out in U.S. dollars to Messrs. Hannasch,




                                                                                                                                                                           51
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
          Davis and Miller have been converted into Canadian dollars using the exchange rate of 1.3182, the closing exchange
          rate as at July 26, 2019, the payment date.


Fixed pay
Salaries are reviewed annually and usually adjusted in July. Changes are made to adjust for inflation or
to adjust positioning of salaries in relation to the median of the market and remain competitive.
The compensation of Messrs. Hannasch, Davis and Miller is paid in U.S. dollars and their compensation
amounts have been converted to Canadian dollars using the average exchange rates for the relevant
year (see page 54).


Variable (at-risk) pay
The majority of our executive pay is variable and at-risk, because it is based on overall company
performance.
                                                                                                                               65.4%
The NEOs’ short-term incentive is dependent at 50% upon the achievement of a company-wide financial
target (net income), and the remaining 50% upon the achievement of a shared global key result area                             OF THE AVERAGE
(“KRA”) target and individual KRAs, each at 25% respectively. Both the company-wide financial net income                       2020 COMPENSATION
target as well as the global KRAs are set annually and approved by the Board of Directors.                                     GRANTED TO THE
                                                                                                                               NAMED EXECUTIVE
For fiscal 2020, net earnings of USD$2,353.6 millions resulted in an achievement of 124% of the company-
                                                                                                                               OFFICERS
wide financial target. Since our short-term incentive program provides a sliding scale for performance
                                                                                                                               IS AT RISK AND NOT
achievement of our company-wide financial target from zero to 250%, the 124% achievement translated
                                                                                                                               GUARANTEED
into a 199% payout of the company-wide financial component. Despite the strong performance of the
company-wide target, the common global KRA was not achieved, whereas the individual component
averaged 90% for the NEOs, reflecting solid performance in the individual key result areas (see page 62).
The NEOs’ long-term incentive is composed of share units (65% performance-based and 35% time-
based) as well as and stock options, awarded to motivate the executive team to achieve strong future
performance for the Corporation and its shareholders, to retain the executive team and to align executive
interests with those of shareholders. In June 2020, the Board approved amendments to the plan
document pursuant to which share units are awarded (formerly referred to as the PSU Plan) (the “Share
Unit Plan”) in order to adapt to market practices. You can read more about these amendments on
page 64.
This year’s long-term incentive awards were granted at target for each NEO (see page 63).
Finally, the fiscal 2017 share units award vested in fiscal 2020. The share price increase at the end of the
three-year performance period was 38.5% ($58.87 at the time of grant, increased to $81.56 when the
share units vested (pre-Share Split values)) and 4 out of the 5 performance criteria were achieved. This
resulted in an 87% payout of this long-term incentive: (80% x 65% performance criteria) + (100% x 35%
time based criteria). This compared favorably against fiscal 2019 when the payout was 77.25%.

Share performance and executive pay
Our shares have performed well over the past several years, outperforming the market and delivering
strong returns to shareholders.
The graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return of $100 invested in our Class A and
Class B shares at the end of fiscal 2015 with the cumulative total shareholder return of the S&P/TSX
Composite Index over the same period and assumes reinvestment of dividends. The graph also shows
total compensation granted to our five most senior officers over the same period. There is not a direct




                                                                                                                                               52
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
correlation between the total compensation granted to our NEOs and our share price because there are
external factors beyond our control affecting our share price.




                                       April 2015       April 2016        April 2017       April 2018     April 2019    April 2020


Class A shares                            $100.00          $114.77          $132.43           $119.27       $164.40        $170.00

Class B shares                            $100.00          $113.33           $131.02           $119.21       $166.16       $170.55

S&P/TSX Composite Index                   $100.00          $90.04            $101.15          $101.69       $107.82         $93.59

EBITDA ($ millions)                        $2,153          $3,064             $3,153           $3,794         $4,718        $6,038
Total direct compensation granted     $23,229,140      $21,224,142       $17,965,088       $19,411,009   $19,436,737   $26,099,448
to NEOs
Total direct compensation as a % of          1.1%            0.7%              0.6%              0.5%          0.4%          0.4%
EBITDA


We believe earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and impairment (EBITDA) is an
important financial measure and a key component of sustained growth. Note that while EBITDA and
adjusted EBITDA are not performance measures defined by IFRS, we believe they help facilitate the
evaluation of our ongoing operations and our ability to generate cash flows to fund our cash
requirements, including our capital expenditures program. Our definitions of these measures may be
different from those used by other publicly listed companies.




                                                                                                                              53
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Cost of management
               Total direct compensation as a % of EBITDA

The graph below shows EBITDA and total direct compensation granted to our NEOs over the past five
years as a percentage of EBITDA to show the cost of management over the same period. Our cost of
management has averaged less than 1% of EBITDA over the five-year period.




Total direct compensation includes base salary, annual incentive and the value of the share units awards
on the grant date multiplied by the volume weighted average trading price for Class B shares on the TSX
during the five trading days immediately before the grant date, and the grant values of stock option
awards beginning in fiscal 2015. Compensation is in Canadian dollars, except for Messrs. Hannasch, Davis
and Miller who are paid in U.S. dollars. Their amounts have been converted into Canadian dollars using
the following average exchange rates for each fiscal year: 1.3344 (2020), 1.3167 (2019), 1.2778 (2018),
1.3161 (2017) and 1.3145 (2016).
EBITDA figures are as disclosed in our management’s discussion and analysis report in U.S. dollars and
have been converted to Canadian dollars using the average exchange rates for the fiscal year as noted
above.




                                                                                                           54
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Compensation philosophy and approach

We believe our executive compensation must support our strategy, link to performance and reflect our
entrepreneurial culture. It must also be competitive, drive short and long-term business performance and            Our compensation
align the interests of our executives and shareholders.                                                             strategy
We remain a growth-oriented company and our compensation programs are designed to reward                            BE COMPETITIVE
achievement of such growth.                                                                                         We      have   designed our
                                                                                                                    compensation program to
Four elements of our compensation strategy                                                                          recruit, develop and retain
Be competitive                                                                                                      talented executives
We have designed our compensation program to recruit, develop and retain talented executives, and we
                                                                                                                    PAY FOR PERFORMANCE
have extremely low turnover on the executive team. We have a formal, independent review process every
                                                                                                                    We reward executives for
two year to ensure executive compensation is benchmarked consistently, with the most recent analysis
                                                                                                                    exceptional performance in
being conducted in March 2020 (see page 56).
                                                                                                                    achieving pre–determined and
Pay for performance                                                                                                 quantifiable objectives
A significant proportion of our executive compensation is tied to variable, performance-based programs.
We set challenging targets and objectives that drive our annual business plan and our strategy. These               ALIGN WITH
targets and objectives motivate the executives to work hard and foster teamwork to deliver strong results           SHAREHOLDER INTERESTS
and be rewarded accordingly. We assess corporate and individual performance in our compensation                     Our compensation program
decision-making. We emphasize at-risk pay to motivate the executive team to execute the business plan,              emphasizes value creation,
in line with our strategy and values, and to create value for our shareholders over time.                           establishing a direct link
                                                                                                                    between      executive and
Align with shareholder interests
                                                                                                                    shareholder interests
Our philosophy and approach to executive compensation is structured to align the focus and strategic
managerial decisions of our executive teams with the interests of shareholders. We see Alimentation                 LINK TO STRATEGY
Couche-Tard as a long-term growth investment and link a material portion of our executive                           Compensation supports the
compensation directly to the performance of our shares. We also consider the realizable value of stock              achievement of our corporate
option grants the NEOs have received in prior years as part of our formal review of salaries and target             strategy
variable compensation every year. This approach has delivered positive outcomes when viewed over a
multiple year time horizon – over the past five years, our total shareholder return has exceeded the
median percentile of our peers.
Link to strategy
A key variable in our ability to deliver results rests in our expertise and strength in integrating acquisitions.
The number and scope of our acquisitions provide us with a unique opportunity to tie additional, variable,
performance-based compensation elements to successfully executing acquisition plans.




                                                                                                                                           55
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Compensation governance

Committee expertise and oversight
The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee (the “HRCG Committee”) oversees our
executive compensation program, leadership succession plans and Board succession. It also helps the
Board fulfill its responsibilities relating to human resources, director compensation and corporate
governance.
The HRCG Committee is made up of three independent directors: Mélanie Kau (committee chair),
Nathalie Bourque and Daniel Rabinowicz. Each is qualified and experienced and none of them currently
serves as a CEO of another company.
                                                               Skills and experience
                                      Compensation/       Senior
                                      labour relations/   executive        Corporate     Industry
                                      human resources     leadership       governance    experience
Mélanie Kau
Lead Director and committee chair
                                      ✓                   ✓                ✓             ✓
Nathalie Bourque                      ✓                   ✓                ✓             ✓
Daniel Rabinowicz                     ✓                   ✓                ✓             ✓

The HRCG Committee reviews our corporate performance and relative shareholder return and evaluates
individual performance when making its decisions about executive pay for the year. It also reviews the
compensation packages for the Founder and Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, the other NEOs
and other executive officers for the previous year and assesses overall market competitiveness.
The HRCG Committee makes recommendations to the Board for its review and approval, including target
compensation and actual awards and any changes to our human resources and compensation policies
and programs.

Independent advice
The HRCG Committee receives independent advice from an external consultant and has retained Willis
Towers Watson since 2012.
Willis Towers Watson advises the HRCG Committee on the competitiveness of our executive
compensation program and reviews the compensation components and incentive plan design and
metrics to make sure they continue to be appropriate. Pension and other benefits and provisions
regarding employment and change of control are part of this review.
The table below shows the fees paid to the independent consultant in the last two fiscal years.
                                                                          2020                         2019
Executive compensation-related fees                                    $145,403                       $2,000
All other fees                                                                –                           –
Total                                                                  $145,403                       $2,000


Compensation review
The external consultant conducts this review every two years. Willis Towers Watson completed a review
in fiscal 2020. Their review addresses base salary, short-term incentives and long-term-incentives, and
the results are used to assess any potential gap between the market median and internal compensation
levels.
The review conducted in fiscal 2020 found overall compensation for the NEOs to be generally below the
overall market median, except for the President and CEO’s target compensation which was aligned since
the 2018 compensation changes. However, in May 2020, based on the recommendation of Willis Towers
Watson, the structure of the President and CEO’s long-term incentive components was adjusted in order




                                                                                                               56
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
to align more closely with the market. Following these changes, the new mix of long-term incentives
components sets the President and CEO’s performance-based components at 47%.

Managing compensation risk
We recognize that some level of risk-taking is needed to drive the entrepreneurial spirit, stay competitive
and achieve the growth our shareholders expect.
The HRCG Committee is committed to ensuring our compensation program supports our long-term
growth and does not encourage excessive risk-taking. It regularly reviews the design of our incentive
plans and also makes sure we have appropriate policies in place to encourage proper conduct and sound
decision-making.


Program design
The majority of executive compensation is variable (at-risk) and based on performance (see page 60).
We must meet challenging performance thresholds under our annual incentive plan and our Share Units
Plan. We also cap performance scores under the two incentive plans, so we do not encourage excessive
risk-taking.
Variable compensation includes long-term incentives to motivate strong performance, link to our share
price and have compensation paid over time, aligning with shareholder interests.
You can read about the incentive plans in more detail beginning on page 62.


Equity ownership
Our equity ownership requirements ensure that our executives have a stake in our future success and
                                                                                                                     EXECUTIVES AS OWNERS
that their interests are aligned with those of our shareholders. Requirements vary by level and executives
must meet their ownership requirement within five years of assuming the position. NEOs can count Class               We believe our executives
A and Class B shares they hold directly and indirectly toward meeting the requirement but cannot include             should feel like owners and
share units.                                                                                                         should have a significant stake
                                                                                                                     in the Corporation.
Starting in fiscal 2021, following amendments to our DSUP approved by our Board in May 2020,
executives will also be able to elect to receive DSUs instead of time-based share units with a view to help
them meet their respective equity ownership requirements. For more information about the DSUP, please
see page 31.
We use the acquisition price or the market value of the holdings at the time we assess their equity
ownership, whichever is higher, to value their ownership.
The table below shows each NEO’s equity ownership as at April 26, 2020. We used the closing price on
the TSX on April 24, 2020, the last trading day of fiscal 2020, to calculate the value of Class A Shares and
Class B Shares: $40.71 for Class A Shares, and $40.30 for Class B Shares respectively.
                                      Equity                  Shares owned as at
                                      ownership                    April 26, 2020
                                      requirement
                                      (multiple of         Class A        Class B           Total    Meets share
                     2020 base salary salary)              Shares         Shares     market value    ownership requirements
Alain Bouchard             $1,470,059 10.0x             115,352,844    14,026,004   $5,261,262,240   yes
Brian Hannasch             $1,936,884 5.0x                       –       700,429      $28,227,288    yes
Claude Tessier              $682,954 2.0x                        –         18,000        $725,400    has until 2021 to meet the requirement
Darrell Davis               $667,200 1.5x                        –         51,845      $2,089,354    yes
Alex Miller                 $733,920 1.5x                        –          7,595        $306,078    has until 2021 to meet the requirement



Policies
Clawbacks
We have a clawback policy to protect shareholders from fraudulent activity and the associated payment
of unearned short and long-term incentive awards. It applies to current and former executive officers,
and any others specifically designated by the Board, as well as officers of any subsidiary that we directly
or indirectly control.
Under the policy, the Board has sole discretion, to the full extent permitted by law and to the extent it
                                                                                                                                               57
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
determines that it is in our best interest to do so, to:
  ◼  require an officer to reimburse all or a portion of any awarded performance-based incentive
     compensation;
  ◼  require an officer to reimburse any profit realized from the exercise of or vesting of an incentive
     compensation award; or
  ◼  cancel any outstanding unvested incentive awards granted to an officer, if:
      ◼ the amount of the incentive compensation was calculated based on, or was contingent on, the
        achievement of certain financial results that were subsequently the subject of, or affected by, a
        restatement of all or a portion of our financial statements;
      ◼ the officer engaged in gross negligence, intentional misconduct or fraud that caused or partially
        caused the need for the restatement; and
      ◼ the amount of the incentive compensation that would have been awarded to, or received by, or
        the profit realized by the officer had the financial results been properly reported would have
        been lower than the amount actually awarded or received.
Anti-hedging
We do not currently have an anti-hedging policy that prohibits executives from using derivative
instruments to hedge the value of their shares.
After much discussion and analysis, the committee decided not to adopt an anti-hedging policy because
all insiders are governed by securities legislation that obliges them to disclose all transactions related to
their Alimentation Couche-Tard shareholdings, including any derivative or anti-hedging instruments.
While our directors and officers can therefore purchase these kinds of financial instruments, we are not
aware of any director or officer who is a reporting insider who has hedged the value of his or her
Alimentation Couche-Tard shares.
Other policies
We have an Ethics code of conduct for our employees, officers and directors and others associated with
our Corporation to make sure we always protect Alimentation Couche-Tard’s property and assets,
exercise good judgment, treat everyone with respect, and act ethically and responsibly in everything we
do. See page 37 for information about our ethical culture and Ethics code of conduct.
The Corporation has also adopted an Insider Trading Policy, pursuant to which insiders may not trade
our securities on information that has not yet been publicly released, or “tip” information to anyone
outside the Corporation, consistent with securities legislation. Anyone who contravenes those provisions
may face heavy fines or damages by securities commissions and internal disciplinary action.




                                                                                                                58
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Our decision-making process

We have a thorough and disciplined process for making decisions about executive compensation.




 1                             2                             3                             4                5
 Review                        Set performance               Conduct an                    Assess           Award
 compensation                  targets and                   ongoing                       corporate and    compensation
 program                       objectives                    review of the                 individual
                                                             market and                    performance
                                                             performance


1. Review compensation program
The HRCG Committee reviews plan design and target compensation, consulting with its independent
advisor, as needed, to benchmark target compensation for market competitiveness and internal equity.
At the same time, the committee reviews the compensation peer group to make sure the companies in
the group are appropriate and makes any necessary changes.
The HRCG Committee carries out a formal compensation review every two years and makes any
recommendations about changes to compensation policy, individual plans and the overall program to
the Board for its review and approval. A formal compensation review was conducted in March 2020.

2. Set performance targets and objectives for executive compensation
Based on our strategic plan and annual business plan, management sets and the HRCG Committee
approves financial objectives and performance criteria for annual incentives and long-term incentives.
The HRCG Committee also approves KRAs and individual objectives for the President and CEO and each
of the other NEOs, including other senior officers based on input from the President and CEO.

3. Conduct an ongoing review of the market and performance
The Board receives regular updates from management at each regular meeting, including a discussion
of risks and opportunities.

4. Assess corporate and individual performance
The Board assesses corporate performance under the annual incentive plan to determine the financial
component. The HRCG Committee assesses individual performance of the NEOs against their key result
areas and approves an overall individual score for each that is reflected in the NEOs’ annual performance
bonus payout.

5. Award compensation
The HRCG Committee determines annual incentive awards and grants of long-term incentive awards. It
reviews the performance vesting conditions of the performance-based share units awards and
determines the payout. It also reviews salaries and approves any adjustments for the upcoming year
within defined parameters approved by the Board.
The Board reviews the HRCG Committee’s analysis and recommendations for incentive awards and
approves the awards.
The Board can use its discretion to adjust the recommended awards based on extenuating circumstances.




                                                                                                                           59
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Components and benchmarking

Executive compensation includes direct compensation (base salary, annual incentive and long-term
incentives), and indirect compensation (pension and other benefits).

Direct compensation
Salary
Base salaries are fixed pay and based on the individual’s competencies, experience and performance as
well as internal compensation guidelines. Base salaries are reviewed annually and usually adjusted in July.
Annual incentive
The annual incentive remains a cash bonus based 50% on corporate performance using a key financial
measure, 25% on one common global KRA measure and 25% on individual performance based on the
achievement of individual KRAs that are approved by the committee. KRAs are pre-determined and set
annually and are tied to strategic objectives that are connected to the execution of our business plan.
Long-term incentives
Long-term incentives include share units and stock options, designed to attract, retain and motivate our
people to achieve financial success and long-term growth of the Corporation.
Target mix
We emphasize at-risk pay to motivate the executive team to execute the business plan, in line with our
strategy and values, and to create value for our shareholders over time. Total at-risk pay includes the
annual incentive bonus, 65% of the share units award, and 100% of the stock option award.

Indirect compensation
Executives receive retirement and other benefits as part of a competitive total compensation package.
Retirement benefits include a defined contribution plan for executives in Canada and Europe, and non-
qualified defined contribution plan in the U.S. as well as a supplemental retirement benefit (see page 70
to read more about retirement benefits).
Executives and other regular full-time employees can participate in our ESPP. Participants can contribute
between 1% to 5% of their annual base salary to purchase Class B Shares after one year of continuous
service. Contributions are made by payroll deduction and the Corporations makes matching
contributions of 25% of each employee’s contribution up to a maximum of $1,250 per year. Participants
receive dividends paid on our Class B Shares. Contributions can be made to a registered retirement
savings plan (RRSP), a non-registered account or a tax-free savings account (TFSA). Starting in fiscal 2021,
employees in Vice-President levels and above will be able to increase their contribution up to 10% of
their annual base salary, and the one year of continuous service requirement will be waived. These
changes have been adopted with a view of facilitating employees in Vice-President levels and above to
meet their shareholding requirements.
Other benefits include a company vehicle, a health cost reimbursement program (disability, group life,
accident, health and travel insurance) and financial planning as part of a competitive package to attract
and retain high performing executives.




                                                                                                               60
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Benchmarking
We consider each executive role to maintain internal equity. We also benchmark our compensation
against other companies to make sure we are competitive with the market.
We use a compensation peer group made up of companies we compete with for executive talent and
position our total target compensation for executives around the median of the peer group. Actual
awards can be higher or lower depending on performance.
Willis Towers Watson assists the committee by reviewing the compensation peer group to make sure it
stays relevant. It conducts research and analysis, using four criteria to select appropriate companies for
the peer group:
   ◼  companies in similar industries: food retail, general merchandise stores, oil and gas refining and
      marketing and restaurants
   ◼  companies with annual revenue ranging from $5 billion to $124 billion
   ◼  companies with a market capitalization of $4 billion to $84 billion
   ◼  companies operating in North America with an emphasis on U.S. corporations because a significant
      portion of our revenues are derived from the United States.
Our compensation peer group was last reviewed in March 2020 and includes the following 15 Canadian
and U.S. companies as shown below. This was the same peer group used when benchmarking was
conducted in 2018.


Compensation peer group
Canada                                                     United States
  ◼ Canadian Tire Corporation Limited                        ◼  Casey’s General Stores, Inc.                   ◼   The TJX Companies, Inc.
  ◼ Metro Inc.                                               ◼  Dollar General Corporation                     ◼   The Kroger Co.
  ◼ Restaurant Brands International          Ltd             ◼  Dollar Tree, Inc.                              ◼   Walgreens
    Partnership                                              ◼  Marathon Petroleum Corporation                 ◼   Yum! Brands, Inc.
  ◼ George Weston Limited                                    ◼  Starbucks Corporation
  ◼ Empire Company Limited                                   ◼  Target Corp.



The table below shows our ranking compared to the median of Canadian companies, U.S. companies
and the peer group overall.
                                            Median statistics in relation to Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.
                                                                                          Market
                                               Revenue           Net income         capitalization
                                        last fiscal year      last fiscal year as at May 1, 2020       Number of
                                         (US$ millions)        (US$ millions)      (US$ millions)      employees
Compensation peer group                        $26,509                $1,294              $22,619             60,910
Canadian companies only                        $12,637                 $538               $10,179             31,574
U.S. companies only                            $34,735                $2,175             $30,882             239,550
Alimentation Couche-Tard                       $54,132                $2,354              $31,482            131,000
Percentile ranking                                 71p                   65p                  65p                53p




                                                                                                                                             61
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
2020 Executive compensation decisions

Base Salary
The base compensation of Mr. Bouchard was not increased for fiscal 2020. Messrs. Hannasch and
Tessier’s base salaries were adjusted by 3%. Mr. Miller was promoted to Executive Vice President of
Commercial Optimization during fiscal 2020, with a base salary of USD$550,000. Mr. Davis was promoted
to Executive Vice President of North American Operations during fiscal 2020 with a base salary of
USD$500,000. Messrs. Hannasch, Davis and Miller are paid in U.S. dollars and their amounts have been
converted to Canadian dollars using the average exchange rate for the year, namely 1.3344 (see page 68).
                                                                          2020
Alain Bouchard                                                       $1,470,059
Brian Hannasch                                                       $1,936,884
Claude Tessier                                                        $682,954
Darrell Davis                                                         $667,200
Alex Miller                                                           $733,920


Annual incentive
The annual incentive is a cash bonus based 50% on corporate performance using a key financial measure,
25% on one common global KRA measure and 25% on individual performance based on the achievement
of individual KRAs.
This year we achieved 124% of our corporate financial component resulting in a payout of 199% for this
component.
As indicated starting at page 55 of our Circular, a significant proportion of our executive compensation
is tied to variable, performance-based programs. As such, the annual incentive payout in fiscal 2020
reflects the achievement of challenging targets and objectives that drive our annual business plan, our
strategy and increase shareholder value.
The following table illustrates how the 2020 annual incentive was calculated for each NEO:




                                                     Corporate             Common
                                                      financial           global KRA              Individual                 Earned                            2020
                                   Target
                                                    component             component              component                  incentive                         annual
                                 incentive      x [ (199% x 50%) +                          +                     ] = (% of salary) x       Salary       =
                                                                           (0% x 25%)             (% achieved                                                incentive
                                (% of salary)
                                                    (sliding scale         (sliding scale           x 25%)                                                     award
                                                    up to 250%)            up to 125%)


Alain Bouchard                          50%  x               99.5% +                   0% +              21.88%     =            60.69% x   $1,470,059 =        $892,142

Brian Hannasch         (1)(2)
                                        125% x               99.5% +                   0% +              24.25%     =           154.69% x   $1,936,884 =       $2,996,118

Claude Tessier(2)                        75% x               99.5% +                   0% +              20.66%     =            90.12% x    $682,954 =         $615,491

Darrell Davis    (1) (2)
                                         60% x               99.5% +                   0% +              22.50%     =            73.20% x    $667,200 =         $488,390

Alex Miller   (1)(2)
                                         60% x               99.5% +                   0% +              23.83%     =            74.00% x    $733,920 =         $543,065
      (1)       Messrs. Hannasch, Davis and Miller are paid in U.S. dollars. Their amounts have been converted to Canadian dollars
                using the average exchange rate for the year of 1.3344.
      (2)       Messrs. Hannasch, Tessier, Davis and Miller received each a special bonus tied to the successful integration of the
                CST network of stores, which is not included in the table.




                                                                                                                                                                  62
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Assessing corporate performance
We use net earnings as a key financial measure to align the executive team, create accountability and
assess corporate performance. Net earnings is quantifiable and easy to measure and understand and
motivates the executive team to achieve their targets.
Pay for performance
We set challenging targets. We must achieve at least 90% of the objective for our key financial measure
to achieve threshold performance, otherwise the payout on the financial component is zero. We use a
sliding scale that caps the maximum payout for the corporate financial component at 250%.
Financial component                             Focuses on budgeted net earnings, a key financial objective tied to our
(50%)                                           annual business plan
If we achieve net earnings:                     Then the financial component is:
   ◼   less than 90% of budget                      ◼   zero
   ◼   at 90% of budget                             ◼   10%
   ◼   100% of budget (at target)                   ◼   100%
   ◼   above 100% and up to 130% of budget          ◼   scaled up to a maximum of 250%



Assessing individual performance
We assess individual performance in several key result areas – operational, functional, talent management
and development, and strategic planning – to drive strong leadership. Individual objectives vary by
executive role and responsibilities. The Corporation sets aggressive goals for the NEOs and scores each
KRA using both quantitative and qualitative criteria.
In fiscal 2020, the NEOs were each assigned four key result areas. The following table shows their
respective overall achievement of these key result areas combined:

                                    2020 overall
Individual component                individual component
(25%)                               achievement
Alain Bouchard                      87.50%
Brian Hannasch                      97.00%
Claude Tessier                      82.65%
Darrell Davis                       90.00%
Alex Miller                         95.30%



We do not disclose specific individual objectives for competitive reasons. Individual objectives are
quantitative and qualitative and some objectives stem from our strategic planning process and extend
beyond a fiscal year. Disclosing them would expose the Corporation to serious prejudice and weaken our
competitive advantage.

Long-term incentive
To determine the appropriate value of long-term incentive grants provided to the NEOs the committee
considers the practices of our peer group and external market data, as well as internal factors including
executive retention, dilutive impact and long-term value creation.
The table below shows the 2020 long-term incentives awarded to the NEOs and the weighting allocation
between share units and stock options. The numbers reflect the Share Split.
                                                                                                            Weighting Allocation
                               2020 target long-               2020
                                                          long-term                                     Share units                             Stock options
                                  term incentive
                              awards (as a % of     incentive award       Weight          Value                           Weight   Value
                                    base salary)                    ($)    %               ($)          # of units         %         $          # of units
Alain Bouchard                               333%         $4,895,242       57%             $2,793,075        66,218        43%     $2,102,167         99,676
Brian Hannasch                               377%         $7,295,959       73%             $5,306,160       125,798        27%     $1,989,799         94,348
Claude Tessier                               125%              $853,596    80%              $682,894         16,190        20%      $170,702           8,094
Darrell Davis                                98%               $652,735    80%               $522,188        12,380        20%      $130,547            6,190
Alex Miller                                  98%               $717,988    80%               $574,407        13,618        20%      $143,581           6,808




                                                                                                                                                         63
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Value                                                                                           Currency exchange rate
The HRCG Committee determines share units awards on the basis of their                          The currency exchange rate used for purposes of establishing awards for
notional value (at par), and uses a discount factor of 50% (instead of the                      Messrs. Hannasch, Davis and Miller in equivalent U.S. dollars at the date of
Black-Scholes model used for purposes of the Summary Compensation                               award was 1.3056.
Table) to establish stock option grants. All awards and grants were made
at $42.18 (see page 68).


Following amendments approved by our Board in June 2020, the Share Unit Plan (formerly referred to as
our PSU Plan) has been modified so as to better reflect the nature of the share units granted thereunder
and to adapt to market practices. Of note, was the introduction of a formal distinction between time-
based share units now called Restricted Share Units (“RSUs”), and performance-based units now called
Performance Share Units (“PSUs”). In addition, the Share Unit Plan will now permit participants to benefit
from dividend accruals by crediting notional dividends to a participant’s account in the form of additional
share units upon the payment of normal cash dividends on Class B Shares. Finally, the Board also adopted
various amendments providing further details intended to clarify plan provisions and on the
administration of the Share Unit Plan.
The following table explains how the amended Share Unit Plan and Stock Option Plan work.
                    Share Unit Plan                                                                 Stock Option Plan
Who participates NEOs, other executive officers and select key employees                            NEOs and other executive officers


Link to corporate Motivate the achievement of financial success, strong competitive position        Increase the executives’ interest in the welfare of the Corporation as they
strategy          and long-term growth                                                              share primary responsibility for the management, growth and protection
                  Attract, retain and motivate key talent                                           of our business
                  Align executive and shareholder interests                                         Attract, retain and motivate key talent
                                                                                                    Align executive and shareholder interests


Plan features       Awards are composed of performance-based PSUs (65%) and time-based              Option to purchase Class B Shares that are at least the weighted average
                    RSUs (“RSUs”) (35%)                                                             closing price of a board lot of Class B Shares on the TSX for the five days
                    Value of share units is based on the weighted average trading price of          immediately before the grant date
                    Class B Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately before the      Options usually expire after 10 years
                    vesting date                                                                    Exercise terms are set by the Board at the time of grant
                    Corporate performance objectives for the three-year period relate to our        The plan allows a cashless exercise if the holder has an agreement with their
                    operating performance and are set by the committee at the time of grant         broker that allows the holder to receive:
                    Effective as of July 1, 2020, PSUs and RSUs benefit from from dividend             ◼   cash compensation equivalent to the difference between the exercise
                    accruals in the form of additional units upon payment of normal cash                   price of options and the actual sale price of the options underlying
                    dividends on Class B Shares                                                            the Class B Shares upon exercise, or
                                                                                                       ◼   a number of Class B Shares equivalent to the difference between the
                                                                                                           number of underlying Class B Shares upon exercise and the number
                                                                                                           of Class B Shares required to settle the option exercise


Basis for grant     Varies by position                                                              Varies by position
                    Also based on the achievement of special measurable objectives that are         The Board may also approve discretionary awards
                    key to our financial success


Vesting             PSUs vest one day before the third anniversary of the grant date based on       20% each year beginning on the grant date, unless determined otherwise
                    corporate performance                                                           by the Board at the time of grant
                    RSUs vest one day before the third anniversary of the grant date based on
                    continued employment.


Payout              Paid out in cash based on weighted average trading price for Class B            The difference between the exercise price and the price of our Class B Shares
                    Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately before the vesting      on the TSX at the time of exercise
                    date                                                                            Options only have value if the price of our Class B Shares increases above
                    Performance factor is capped at 200% to avoid excessive risk-taking             the exercise price


Transferability     Grants are personal and cannot be assigned, encumbered, pledged,                Grants are personal and cannot be assigned or transferred, except by will or
                    transferred or alienated in any way, except by will or by the applicable laws   by the applicable laws of succession
                    of succession




                                                                                                                                                                           64
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
About the 2020 share units awards
We granted share units awards to the NEOs on July 17, 2019. The share units will vest on July 16, 2022,
with a performance factor of 65% based on our achievement of five equally weighted measures and a                                            PAY FOR PERFORMANCE
time-based component weighted at 35%.                                                                                                         PSU payout is based on the
The five performance measures, each weighted 20%, include store fuel volume compared to industry                                              achievement of performance
demand, merchandise and service margin, same store convenience sales, return on capital employed                                              objectives that are established
(ROCE) and employee engagement, among other things. The overall score for the five measures will                                              at the time of the award.
determine the number of units that vest. We do not disclose the details of the results compared to                                            The actual value of the units
measures for competitive reasons.                                                                                                             that vest is based on the market
                                                                                                                                              value of our Class B Shares at
                                                                                                                                              the end of the three-year
Payout of the 2017 share units awards
                                                                                                                                              period (see above table for
The share units awards granted in fiscal 2017 vested on July 19, 2019 and were paid out in late July, with                                    details).
a performance factor of 65% based on our achievement of five equally weighted measures and a time-
based component weighted at 35%.
We achieved 80% of our five corporate performance measures, each weighted 20%. The measures were
determined at the time of the grant and included same store sales, fuel volume, merchandise and service
margins excluding tobacco and ROCE, and employee engagement among other things.
The price of our Class B Shares increased from $58.87 at the time of grant to $81.56 when the share units
were paid out, representing a 38.5% increase over the three-year period. Since the fiscal 2017 share units
awards vested prior to our Share Split, prices relating thereto are expressed on a pre-Share Split basis.


                              Corporate
                              performance               Time vested                                                                 Market
                              factor                    employment                                               Number             price
                          [   achievement        +      service factor              PSU
                                                                           ] = factor
                                                                                                vesting
                                                                                                           x
                                                                                                                 of
                                                                                                                                x of our          = Payout            Realized
                              (0 to 100%)               x                                                        PSUs                                                 value
                                                                                                                 granted            Class B                           as a %
                 Grant        x                         35%
                                                                                                                                    Shares                            of grant
                 date         65%                                                                                                                                     value


Alain Bouchard 2016-07-20           52%         +             35%            =             87%             x        32,244      x   $81.56        =      $2,287,921     121%

Brian Hannasch 2016-07-20           52%         +             35%            =             87%             x        54,111      x   $81.56        =      $3,839,519     121%

Claude Tessier 2016-07-20           52%         +             35%            =             87%             x        10,606      x   $81.56        =       $753,206      121%

Darrell Davis    2016-07-20         52%         +             35%            =             87%             x        6,079       x   $81.56        =       $431,289      121%

Alex Miller      2016-07-20         52%         +             35%            =             87%             x        4,844       x   $81.56        =       $343,693      121%




More information about the stock option plan
Options exercised in fiscal 2020
Mr. Hannasch is the only NEO who exercised stock options in fiscal 2020. The table below shows the
details of the options exercised. The gain is the difference between the exercise price and the market
price of a Class B Share on the TSX at the time of exercise.
                                          Grant date       Number of options              Exercise price             Gain per option
Brian Hannasch                       April 23, 2010                  178,242                       $3.09                     $42.8594



Equity compensation plan information
                                Number of Class B Shares to               Weighted-average             Number of Class B Shares
                                 be issued upon exercise of                 exercise price of       remaining available for future
As at April 26, 2020                    outstanding options              outstanding options             issuance under the plan

Equity compensation plan
approved by security holders                           3,319,478                      $22.44                   36,894,216
(1999 stock incentive plan)




                                                                                                                                                                          65
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Plan limits
Total number of Class B Shares that can be issued              101,352,000
under the plan                                                 (represents 9.1% of our total issued and outstanding
                                                               Class A and Class B Shares as at July 20, 2020)
Total number of Class B Shares reserved for issue at           5% of the total number of Class A and Class B Shares
any time to any one option holder                              outstanding on a non-diluted basis, less the total of all Shares
                                                               reserved for issue to the option holder under any other share
                                                               compensation arrangement
Total number of Class B Shares that can be issued to           5% of Class B Shares outstanding
any insider and their associates under the plan or any
other share compensation arrangement, within a one-
year period
Total number of Class B Shares reserved for issue at           10% of Class B Shares outstanding
any time to insiders under the plan or any other share
compensation arrangement
Total number of Class B Shares that may be issued to           10% of Class B Shares outstanding
insiders under the plan or any other share
compensation, within any one-year period


Burn rate
The table below shows the burn rate for the last three fiscal years. The burn rate is the total stock options
granted in each fiscal year expressed as a percentage of the average number of outstanding and issued                               BURN RATE AND
Class A and Class B Shares during the fiscal year                                                                                   OVERHANG

                                                                              2020                 2019(1)               2018(1)    Our annual burn rate for fiscal
Number of stock options granted                                             246,668                163,593                161,682   2020 is 0.022% and the total
Average total number of outstanding and issued Class A                                                                              potential dilution of our stock
                                                                       1,120,759,429           564,315,776            566,333,388
and B Shares during the fiscal year                                                                                                 options at the end our fiscal year
Burn rate                                                                    0.022%                0.029%                 0.029%    is 3.16%
      (1)   For fiscal 2018 and 2019, the number of granted stock options and the total number of issued and outstanding
            shares are expressed on a pre-Share Split basis.
Overhang
The table below shows the overhang or total potential dilution at the end of the fiscal year and the last
two fiscal years. The overhang is determined by the total stock options outstanding and unexercised at
the end of the year plus the total number of shares available for future grants expressed as a percentage
of the total number of outstanding and issued Class A and Class B Shares at the end of that fiscal year.

                                                                              2020                 2019(1)               2018(1)
Number of outstanding and unexercised stock options
                                                                           3,319,478             1,652,796              1,726,482
granted (A)
Shares available for issuance under the plan (B)                         36,894,216              18,694,171            18,847,389
Total potential dilution (C) equals (A + B)                              40,213,694             20,346,967             20,573,871
Total Class A and B Shares outstanding and issued at year
                                                                        1,112,691,550         564,413,654             564,217,098
end (D)
Overhang (E) equals (C divided by D)                                           3.61%                3.60%                  3.65%
     (1)    For fiscal 2018 and 2019, the total number of outstanding and unexercised stock options, the total number of shares
            available for issuance under the plan, as well as the number of issued and outstanding shares are expressed on a
            pre-Share Split basis.


Making changes to the plan
We must receive shareholder approval to make any of the following changes:
 ◼ changing the amendment provisions of the plan;
 ◼ increasing the maximum number of Shares that can be issued under the plan;
 ◼ making a change to eliminate or exceed the insider participation limit, including any modification to
   the limits under article 3.1 of the plan;
 ◼ reducing the exercise price, or extending the term of an option awarded to an insider for retention
   purposes; or
 ◼ any other change that requires us to receive shareholder approval according to regulatory
   requirements or TSX policies.
The Board can use its discretion to make the following changes without shareholder approval if it is
approved by resolution and consistent with regulatory provisions:
  ◼ making accounting or administrative changes, including amendments intended to clarify plan

                                                                                                                                                                 66
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
      provisions;
  ◼   changing the terms and conditions of options granted under the plan, including the term of the
      option (as long as the exercise period is not more than 10 years from the award date, except for an
      automatic extension of 10 business days following a blackout period declared by us if the option
      expires during this period or within 10 days after this period, and the option is not held by an insider),
      acquisition terms and conditions, and exercise terms and conditions, exercise price (if the option is
      not held by an insider) and the method used to determine the exercise price, transferability and
      effect of a termination of employment of the participant or position as director;
  ◼   changing the category of people who may participate in the plan, unless the change increases the
      participation of insiders;
  ◼   allowing the Corporation to provide financial assistance to participants to help them purchase Shares
      when they decide to exercise their options; or
  ◼   changing provisions relating to a cashless exercise of options resulting in a cash or share
      compensation, regardless of whether the total number of underlying Shares will be deducted from
      the plan’s reserve.
The plan also provides for a change to the termination provisions of an option or the plan that does not
involve extending the term of an option beyond 10 years. This is separate from extending the term by 10
days if the option expiry date falls within a trading blackout period, or during the 10 days immediately
after the blackout period has been lifted.
We cannot make a change to the plan that affects the terms and conditions of outstanding options
previously granted under the plan, or suspend or terminate the plan, unless we have received the written
or deemed consent of the participants.
Shareholders approved the stock option plan at our annual and special meeting on September 21, 1999
and amendments to the plan at our annual and special meetings on September 25, 2002 and
September 6, 2011.




                                                                                                                   67
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Compensation details

Summary compensation table
The table below shows the total compensation awarded to each NEO for the fiscal years ended April 26,
2020, April 28, 2019 and April 29, 2018.
                                                                                                   Non-equity incentive plan
                                                                                                              compensation
                                                                                                    Annual         Long-term
                         Fiscal                           Share-based          Option-based       incentive         incentive          Pension          All other                Total
                         year                 Salary           awards                awards           plan               plan            value      compensation          compensation
Alain Bouchard        2020              $1,356,978            $2,793,075          $1,044,604      $892,142                   –                 –                  –           $6,086,799
Founder and Executive 2019              $1,470,059             $1,955,147             $839,819    $765,662                   –                 –                  –           $5,030,687
Chairman              2018              $1,427,242             $1,898,119             $815,882    $699,349                   –                 –                  –           $4,840,592
Brian Hannasch           2020           $1,850,455            $5,306,160              $988,767   $2,996,118         $988,650          $951,357                    -          $13,081,507
President and Chief      2019           $1,855,526            $3,431,374          $1,483,484     $1,881,828                  –        $769,951                    –           $9,422,163
Executive Officer        2018           $1,748,260            $3,205,878          $1,386,906     $1,704,553                  –        $723,394                    –           $8,768,991
                         2020            $673,493              $682,894                $84,825    $615,491          $600,000           $83,567                    –           $2,740,270
Claude Tessier
                        2019             $663,062               $663,015               $94,693    $665,535                   –         $79,060                    –           $2,165,365
Chief Financial Officer
                        2018             $643,750               $643,717               $91,997    $635,227                   –         $74,333                    –           $2,089,024
Darrell Davis            2020            $655,262               $522,188               $64,871    $488,390          $988,650          $647,376             $57,193            $3,423,930
Executive Vice-          2019            $483,753               $386,811               $55,236    $301,622                   –          $111,881                  –           $1,339,303
President, Operations
North America            2018            $451,405               $357,900               $51,141    $271,520                   –         $90,372                    –           $1,222,338

Alex Miller              2020            $724,425               $574,407               $71,348    $543,065           $593,190         $233,524            $54,488             $2,794,447
Executive Vice-      2019                $625,435               $500,138               $71,422    $396,529                   –        $313,947                    –            $1,907,471
President Commercial
                     2018                $421,674              $334,323                $47,771    $243,516                   –         $92,480                    –           $1,139,764
Optimization


Salary                                                                                             Non-equity incentive plan compensation
Salaries for Messrs. Hannasch, Davis and Miller are paid in U.S. dollars. Amounts
                                                                                                   Annual incentive
were converted to Canadian dollars for reporting purposes using the following
average exchange rates for each fiscal year: 1.3344 for fiscal 2020, 1.3167 for fiscal             Messrs. Hannasch, Davis and Miller receive their annual incentive in U.S. dollars.
2019 and 1.2778 for fiscal 2018.                                                                   Amounts were converted to Canadian dollars using the following average
                                                                                                   exchange rates for each fiscal year: 1.3344 for fiscal 2020, 1.3167 for fiscal 2019 and
As a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, Messrs. Bouchard and Hannasch have                           1.2778 for fiscal 2018.
agreed to waive 100% of their respective base salaries as of March 15, 2020 for the
remainder of fiscal 2020, and our other senior executives have waived 20% of their                 Long-term incentive
respective base salaries as of March 30, 2020 for the remainder of fiscal 2020.                    In July 2019, Messrs. Hannasch, Tessier, Davis and Miller received each a special
                                                                                                   bonus tied to the successful integration of the CST network of stores.
Share-based awards
Amounts are the fair value of the PSU awards on the grant date, calculated using                   All other compensation
the weighted average price of Class B Shares on the TSX for the five days prior to                 “All Other Compensation” represents perquisites and other personal benefits
the grant (see the table below). The number of units awarded as well as the share                  which in the aggregate amount to $50,000 or more or are equivalent to 10% or
price for each grant are expressed on a post-Share Split basis. The amount the                     more of a NEO’s total salary for the applicable fiscal year. The disclosed amounts
executive actually receives may be different. See page 63 to read about vesting                    include a vehicle allowance of $46,875 and $46,027 for each of Mr. Davis and
and other details about our Share Unit Plan.                                                       Mr. Miller respectively.

                Grant date        Units awarded           Share price
2020            2019-07-19          234,204                   $42.18
2019            2018-07-18          224,264                   $30.93
2018            2017-07-20          209,772                   $30.70


Option-based awards
Amounts are the fair value of the stock option awards on the grant date, calculated
using the Black-Scholes model and the weighted average assumptions in the table
below. The amount the executive actually receives may be different and could
even be zero. See page 63 to read about vesting and other details of our stock
option plan.

             Expected dividend       Expected          Risk-free            Expected
             per share               volatility        interest rate        life
2020         $0.25                   23.00%            1.56                 8 years
2019         $0.40                   24.00%            2.12%                8 years
2018         $0.36                   24.99%            1.77%                8 years


                                                                                                                                                                                 68
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular
Outstanding share-based awards and option-based awards
The table below includes details about the share units and stock option awards held by each NEO as of
April 26, 2020.

                                                  Option-based awards                                                    Share-based awards

                                                                                                                                                                       Market or
                                                                                                                                                                    payout value
                                                                                                                                 Number of
                                                    Number of                                                                                        Market or         of vested
                                                                                                                          Shares or units of
                                                     securities                                              Value of                          payout value of      share-based
                                                                                                                           Shares that have
                                                    underlying        Option                Option        unexercised                             share-based        awards not
                                                                                                                                 not vested
                                                   unexercised       exercise            expiration     in-the-money                               awards that        paid out or
                              Grant date               options          price                 date            options                          have not vested        distributed

Alain Bouchard                July 17, 2019              99,676        $42.18          July 17, 2029               $0                 66,218          $934,005                   –
                              July 18, 2018              95,056        $30.93          July 18, 2028         $890,675                 63,212          $891,605                   –
                              July 20, 2017              92,978        $30.70          July 19, 2027         $892,589                 61,830          $872,112                   –
                              July 20, 2016              96,974       $29.43           July 20, 2026       $1,053,623                      –                  –                  –
                              July 22, 2015              96,410        $28.75          July 22, 2025        $1,114,018                     –                  –                  –
                              Sept 24, 2014             160,656        $17.25         Sept 24, 2024         $3,703,121                     –                  –                  –

Brian Hannasch                July 17, 2019              94,348        $42.18          July 17, 2029               $0                125,798         $1,774,381                  –
                              July 18, 2018             167,910        $30.93          July 18, 2028        $1,573,317               110,940        $1,564,809                   –
                              July 20, 2017             158,052        $30.70          July 19, 2027        $1,517,299              104,426         $1,472,929                   –
                              July 20, 2016             163,796       $29.43           July 20, 2026       $1,779,644                      –                  –                  –
                              July 22, 2015             152,456        $28.75          July 22, 2025        $1,761,629                     –                  –                  –
                              Sept 24, 2014             900,000        $17.25         Sept 24, 2024      $20,745,000                       –                  –                  –
                              Sept 24, 2014             210,868        $17.25         Sept 24, 2024        $4,860,507                      –                  –                  –
                              April 23, 2010            271,758         $3.09         April 23, 2020       $10,111,218                     –                  –                  –

Claude Tessier                July 17, 2019               8,094        $42.18          July 17, 2029               $0                 16,190          $228,360                   –
                              July 18, 2018               10,718       $30.93          July 18, 2028         $100,428                 21,436          $302,355                   –
                              July 20, 2017              10,484        $30.70          July 19, 2027         $100,646                20,968           $295,754                   –
                              July 20, 2016               10,616      $29.43           July 20, 2026         $115,343                      –                  –                  –
                              March 22, 2016            123,526        $29.23        March 22, 2026        $1,368,050                      –                  –                  –

Darrell Davis                 July 17, 2019               6,190        $42.18          July 17, 2029               $0                 12,380          $174,620                   –
                              July 18, 2018               6,252        $30.93          July 18, 2028          $58,581                 12,506          $176,397                   –
                              July 20, 2017               5,828        $30.70          July 19, 2027          $55,949                 11,658          $164,436                   –
                              July 20, 2016               6,078       $29.43           July 20, 2026          $66,037                      –                  –                  –
                              July 22, 2015               6,014        $28.75          July 22, 2025          $69,492                      –                  –                  –
                              Sept 24, 2014               3,738        $17.25         Sept 24, 2024            $86,161                     –                  –                  –
                              July 15, 2014               4,290        $14.60          July 15, 2024         $110,253                      –                  –                  –

Alex Miller                   July 17, 2019               6,808        $42.18          July 17, 2029               $0                 13,618          $192,082                   –
                              July 18, 2018               8,084        $30.93          July 18, 2028          $75,747                 16,170          $228,078                   –
                              July 20, 2017               5,444        $30.70          July 19, 2027          $52,262                 10,890          $153,603                   –
                              July 20, 2016               4,844       $29.43           July 20, 2026          $52,630                      –                  –                  –
                              March 22, 2016              2,728        $29.23        March 22, 2026           $30,213                      –                  –                  –


Option-based awards                                                                            day of fiscal 2020 ($40.30) and the exercise price of the option. Options only have
Our issued and outstanding Shares were split three-for-one on April 14, 2014, and              value if our share price is higher than the exercise price. See page 63 for more
two-for-one on September 20, 2019. The number of outstanding options and the                   information about options.
exercise price were adjusted accordingly. This is reflected in the number of                   Share-based awards
securities underlying unexercised options.                                                     Share units were granted in fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020 under our Share Unit Plan
The option exercise price is the weighted average closing price of a board lot of              (formerly our PSU Plan) and will vest at the end of a three-year period in fiscal
Class B Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately before the grant               2021, 2022 and 2023.
date.                                                                                          Payouts are based 35% on service of employment and 65% on corporate
Options expire on the 10th anniversary of the grant date and vest 20% each year                performance against pre-determined objectives that were set at the time of grant.
beginning on the grant date.                                                                   The amount shown here is the estimated minimum payout of the award (35%
                                                                                               based on service of employment). Actual payouts may be higher depending on
The value of unexercised in-the-money options is the difference between the                    corporate performance. See page 63 to read more about the Share Unit Plan.
closing price of our Class B Shares on the TSX on April 24, 2020, the last trading




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular                                                                                                      69
Incentive plan awards – value vested or earned during the fiscal year
The table below shows the total value that each NEO would have realized if their option-based awards
had been exercised on the vesting date and paid out in fiscal 2020, their share units awards that vested
and were paid out in fiscal 2020, and their non-equity incentive plan compensation which was paid for
the 2019 fiscal year.
                                                                      Share-based awards –       Non-equity incentive plan
                              Option-based awards – value      value vested during the fiscal compensation – value earned
                               vested during the fiscal year                            year              during the year
Alain Bouchard                                      $748,601                          $2,287,921                           $892,142
Brian Hannasch                                    $1,256,428                          $3,839,519                         $3,984,768
Claude Tessier                                      $236,065                           $753,206                           $1,215,491
Darrell Davis                                        $47,375                           $431,289                          $1,477,040
Alex Miller                                          $38,044                           $343,693                           $1,136,255


Option-based awards                                                                                Non-equity incentive plan compensation
The value of stock options that vested in fiscal 2020 was determined by multiplying                Includes the annual incentive paid for fiscal 2020 to all NEOs, as well as the special
the number of options that vested by the difference between the exercise price of                  bonus tied to the successful integration of the CST network of stores paid to
the options and the closing price of the Class B Shares on the TSX on each                         Messrs. Hannasch, Tessier, Davis and Miller. Messrs. Hannasch, Davis and Miller
respective vesting date. See page 65 to read more about the stock option plan.                     are paid in U.S. dollars. Their annual non-equity incentive amount was converted
Share-based awards                                                                                 into Canadian dollars using 1.3344, the average exchange rate for fiscal 2020, and
                                                                                                   the CST bonus was converted into Canadian dollars using 1.3182, the exchange
Payout of the share units granted in fiscal 2017, using $81.65 (price is expressed
                                                                                                   rate on July 26, 2019, the payment date.
pre-Share Split), the value of our Class B Shares on the TSX on July 19, 2019.
See page 65 to read more.



Retirement benefits
We offer a registered pension plan for Canadian executives, non-qualified deferred compensation plans
for U.S. executives and supplemental retirement plans for Canadian and U.S. executives.
Canada
NEOs in Canada participate in the following plans:
Registered pension plan (funded according to applicable legislation in Canada)
  ◼  Canadian registered pension plan (RPP)
Supplemental retirement plans (unfunded plans)
  ◼ Canadian supplemental retirement program (basic DB SERP)
  ◼ Canadian enhanced supplemental retirement program (enhanced DB SERP)
  ◼ Defined contribution supplemental executive retirement program (DC SERP)
RPP DB component, basic DB SERP and enhanced DB SERP
The RPP has a defined benefit (DB) component and a defined contribution (DC) component. At the end
of fiscal 2016, we modified our defined benefit plans for executives in Canada to freeze accruals and
replaced them with defined contribution benefits.
The DB component of the RPP, in conjunction with the basic DB SERP or the enhanced DB SERP, as
applicable, provide an annual retirement income equal to 2% per year of credited service, multiplied by
the final average salary of the executive’s three best years (and 50% of the annual incentive, the incentive
being limited to 100% of base salary, for credited service in the enhanced DB SERP), with no offset for
any payment from the Canada and Québec pension plans. The normal retirement age is 65, however
participants can retire early with an unreduced pension from age 62 (age 60 for credited service in the
enhanced DB SERP) and with a reduced pension from age 55. The normal form of pension under the RPP
is a 67% joint and survivor annuity with a five-year guarantee.
The normal form of pension under the basic DB SERP is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for five years.
The normal form of pension under the enhanced DB SERP is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for the first
five years and a 50% joint and survivor annuity for the following five years; there is no death benefit after
10 years.
RPP DC component and DC SERP
The Corporation contributes an amount equal to 12% of the executive’s base salary to the DC component
of the RPP up to the limit imposed by legislation, and the excess amount on a notional basis to the DC
SERP. Executives who were participating in the DB component of the RPP and in the basic DB SERP at the

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular                                                                                                            70
time these plans were frozen receive a contribution that is greater than 12% and that varies by individual
(no current NEO is eligible for such additional contribution).
Benefits under the DC component of the RPP are payable as a tax-sheltered transfer to an eligible
retirement vehicle. Benefits under the DC SERP are paid as a lump sum or in annual instalments of up to
five years.
Who participates
Mr. Bouchard participates in the DB component of the RPP and the enhanced DB SERP, but his credited
service under these plans stopped accruing in March 2014 because he had reached the age and service
limits under the plans. When Mr. Bouchard retires, he will receive a pension that is actuarially equivalent
to the pension that would otherwise have been paid from age 65.
Mr. Tessier participates in the DC component of the RPP and the DC SERP.


United States
NEOs in the U.S. can participate in the following plans:
  ◼ U.S. supplemental defined benefit retirement program (U.S. DB SERP)
  ◼ Non-qualified deferred compensation plan (non-qualified plan)
  ◼ Non-qualified deferred compensation plan that was established in fiscal 2017 (new non-qualified
    plan)
  ◼ 401(k) plan (historical contributions only as it pertains to Mr. Hannasch)
At the end of fiscal 2016 we froze accruals under the U.S. DB SERP and participation in the non-qualified
plan for executives other than Top Level Participants and replaced them with the new non-qualified plan.
U.S. DB SERP
The U.S. DB SERP is an unfunded, non-qualified defined benefit plan that provides an annual retirement
income equal to 2% per year of credited service, multiplied by the final average base salary of the
executive’s three best years (and 50% of the annual incentive, the incentive being limited to 100% of base
salary, for Top-Level Participants), offset by company matching contributions to the non-qualified plan,
and with no offset for social security benefits. The normal retirement age is 65, however executives can
retire early with an unreduced pension from age 62 and with a reduced pension from age 55. Upon
termination of employment before age 55, the vested accrued pension is payable from age 65.
The normal form of pension under the U.S. DB SERP is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for five years. For
Top-Level Participants, it is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for the first five years and a 50% joint and
survivor annuity for the following five years; there is no death benefit after 10 years.
Non-qualified plan and new non-qualified plan
Under the non-qualified plan and the new non-qualified plan, participants can defer up to 25% of their
base salary and up to 100% of their pre-tax annual incentive. For positions below Vice-President level, the
Corporation makes a matching contribution to the non-qualified plan equal to 100% of employee
deferrals to this plan, up to 7% of their base salary.
For Vice-Presidents and above, no matching company contributions are made under the new non-
qualified plan; instead, contributions of 8% of base salary are made as of the date the participant was
appointed to an executive position. Executives other than Top Level Participants who were participating
in the U.S. DB SERP and in the non-qualified plan at the time these plans were frozen receive a
contribution that is greater than 8% and that varies by individual. Messrs. Davis and Miller are two of such
executives, and their respective annual company contribution rates are 20.8% and 23.3%.
Participants choose to have their contributions deposited in a retirement account or an in-service account
or allocated between the two. Company contributions are deposited in retirement accounts.
Participants choose to notionally invest their contributions and those of the Corporation from a range of
options provided under the plans. The investment funds provided under the plans are selected by the
Corporation, and the Corporation may elect to change them from time to time, at the discretion of the
plan administrator. Participants may alter their investment fund choices up to six times per year.
Retirement accounts allow income to be paid as a lump sum or in annual instalments for up to five years
when the participant retires, and as a lump sum when employment is terminated before retirement. In-




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular                                           71
service accounts also have these features, and also allow participants to access the income five years after
deferral.
The plans are not funded; however, the Corporation sets aside assets in a rabbi trust and attempts to
mirror the participants’ hypothetical earnings in these plans.
401(k) plan
The 401(k) plan is a tax-qualified plan that is funded in accordance with applicable laws. Participation in
the 401(k) plan generally ceases when participants join the non-qualified plan or the new non-qualified
plan.
Who participates
Mr. Hannasch is a Top-Level Participant accruing benefits in the U.S. DB SERP and the non-qualified plan.
He also accrued benefits under the 401(k) plan prior to joining the non-qualified plan. Messrs. Davis and
Miller participate in the new non-qualified plan and also accrued benefits in the U.S. DB SERP and the
non-qualified plan up to the date that these plans were frozen for participants other than Top-Level
Participants.


Pension benefits table – defined benefits plan
The table below sets out the pension benefits earned by each NEO as at the end of fiscal 2020 under the
Corporation’s defined benefit pension plans. The present values of defined benefit obligations at the
beginning and end of the fiscal year are based on the same actuarial assumptions and methods used in
our audited financial statements to determine our obligations under the DB retirement plans at these
dates.

                                                                                                                   Opening
                                                                                 Annual benefits payable      present value                                             Closing present
                             Number of years
                                                                                                                 of defined                                 Non-       value of defined
                              credited service                  At year end                      At age 65
                                                                                                                     benefit     Compensatory        compensatory                benefit
                              RPP        SERP            RPP           SERP              RPP          SERP        obligation          change              change              obligation
Alain Bouchard               14.17       35.00       $55,539      $1,911,740          $55,539    $1,911,740     $31.025,200          ($1,070,295)        $1,793,008         $31,747,913
Brian Hannasch                   -       18.92              -      $868,453                 -   $1,460,284      $11,834,044             $809,154         $4,948,131         $17,591,329
Darrell Davis                    -       10.33              -       $86,079                        $86,079         $943,592            $485,886           $402,426            $1,831,904
Alex Miller                      -        3.50              -       $35,429                 -      $35,429         $465,143              $74,145          $253,170             $792,458


Annual benefits payable                                                                         The normal form of pension for Messrs. Hannasch, Davis and Miller is an annuity
The annual benefit is the lifetime pension payable at the normal retirement age of              guaranteed for the first 5 years. In respect of Mr. Hannasch’s years of credited
65 based on the final average base salary of the executive’s three best years as at             service as a Top-Level Participant it is an annuity guaranteed for the first 5 years,
April 26, 2020 (and 50% of the annual incentive, up to a maximum of 100% of base                a 50% joint and survivor annuity for the following 5 years and a lifetime annuity
salary for executives participating in the enhanced SERP or as a Top-Level                      thereafter.
Participant), based on years of credited service at year-end and at age 65.                     Compensatory change
Mr. Bouchard is over age 65 and is assumed to retire immediately.                               The compensatory change is the value of the projected pension earned for the
The annual benefits shown for Messrs. Hannasch, Davis and Miller are net of the                 period from April 28, 2019 to April 26, 2020, including the impact on the obligation
equivalent pension provided from company matching contributions to the non-                     of any differences between actual earnings over the last fiscal year and those
qualified deferred compensation plan and the 401(k) plan that were made after                   estimated, and any plan changes.
the SERP entry date.                                                                            Non-compensatory change
The normal form of pension for Mr. Bouchard is a 66% joint and survivor annuity                 The non-compensatory change is the value of items other than compensatory,
with a 5-year guarantee for the pension payable from the RPP. For the pension                   such as interest on the accrued obligation at the start of the fiscal year, changes
payable from the SERP, the normal form of pension is an annuity guaranteed for                  in assumptions, change in exchange rates and other experience gains and losses
the first 5 years, a 50% joint and survivor annuity for the following 5 years and a             for the period from April 28, 2019 to April 26, 2020.
lifetime annuity thereafter.


Pension benefits table – defined contribution plan and deferred compensation plans
The following table shows the benefits earned by each NEO as at the end of fiscal 2020 under the
Corporation’s defined contribution pension plans and its U.S. deferred compensation plans.
Amounts for Mr. Tessier relate to his participation in the Canadian registered pension plan and DC SERP.
Amounts for Messrs. Hannasch, Davis and Miller relate to their participation in the U.S. non-qualified




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular                                                                                                         72
deferred compensation plans and, in the case of Mr. Hannasch, in the 401(k) plan.
                                Accumulated value at              Compensatory         Non-compensatory       Accumulated value at
                                   start of fiscal year                change                   change                   year end
Alain Bouchard                                        n/a                     n/a                      n/a                        n/a
Brian Hannasch                              $6,818,004                  $142,203               ($737,557)                $6,222,650
Claude Tessier                                $269,563                   $83,567                     ($43)                $353,087
Darrell Davis                               $5,417,516                  $161,490               ($700,167)                $4,878,839
Alex Miller                                   $658,228                  $159,379                   $60,185                 $877,792


Compensatory change
The compensatory change is the value of company contributions made for the period from April 28, 2019 to April 26, 2020.
Non-compensatory change
Non-compensatory amounts include investment returns and employee contributions or deferrals, net of any benefit distributions,
and include changes in exchange rate.


Termination and change of control
We do not have employment agreements with our NEOs. The terms of employment and any entitlements
are set out in the offer of employment each executive received at the time of hire or promotion. The offer
letter includes a description of the role, salary, benefits and vacation, as well as the terms of participating
in our incentive plans. If an executive’s employment is terminated, his or her entitlements are according
to the laws of the jurisdiction where they reside, and the terms of the incentive plan documents.
Each executive is subject to non-solicitation and confidentiality provisions to protect the interests of
Alimentation Couche-Tard.
The table below shows how each compensation component is treated if employment is terminated.
                                                                                       Termination           Termination
                         Resignation                   Retirement                      with cause            without cause                      Change in control
Salary (severance)       None                          None                            None                  As required by law                 As required by law
Annual                   Forfeited                     Pro-rated for the time          Forfeited             Forfeited                          Pro-rated for the time
incentive                                              worked in the fiscal year to                                                             worked in the fiscal year to
                                                       the retirement date                                                                      the termination date
Share units              Forfeited and cancelled       Outstanding RSUs vest early Forfeited and             Outstanding RSUs vest early        All outstanding share units
                                                       and are pro-rated and paid cancelled                  and are pro-rated and paid         vest immediately and paid
                                                       within 30 days from the                               within 30 days from the            out within 5 days following
                                                       retirement date                                       termination date                   the change of control

                                                       Outstanding PSUs vest early                           Outstanding PSUs vest early        Outstanding PSUs shall be
                                                       and are pro-rated and paid                            and are pro-rated and paid         valued as at the change of
                                                       within 30 days from the                               within 30 days from the            control date and the
                                                       valuation date as                                     valuation date as established in   vesting percentage shall in
                                                       established in the award                              the award agreement (3 years       no case be less than 100%
                                                       agreement (3 years                                    performance period)
                                                       performance period)
Stock options            Unvested options are          Unvested options are            Forfeited and         Unvested options are               Unvested options are
                         forfeited and cancelled       exercisable for up to 30        cancelled             exercisable for up to 90 days      exercisable for up to 30
                                                       days after the retirement                             after the termination date or      days after the date of the
                                                       date or until the option                              until the option expiry date of    change of control
                                                       expiry date of the option,                            the option, whichever is earlier   Any options or rights to
                                                       whichever is earlier                                  Any options or rights to options   options are cancelled after
                                                       Any options or rights to                              are cancelled after this date      this date
                                                       options are cancelled after
                                                       this date
Pension                  No additional value           No additional value             No additional         No additional value                No additional value
                                                                                       value
ESPP Shares              Shares can be sold or         Shares can be sold or           Shares can be sold or transferred to a brokerage account (including an RRSP or
                         transferred to a              transferred to a brokerage      TFSA) or a share certificate will be issued up until six months after the termination
                         brokerage account             account or a share              date.
                         (including an RRSP or         certificate will be issued up
                         TFSA) or a share              until six months after the
                         certificate will be issued    retirement date
                         up until six months after
                         the resignation date
Benefits                 End on resignation            Continue as specified in the    End on                End on termination                 End on termination
                                                       executive’s offer letter        termination




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular                                                                                                           73
The table below shows the estimated incremental amounts that would be paid to each NEO if their
employment had been terminated on April 26, 2020.
                                                                            Termination           Termination
                                    Resignation         Retirement           with cause          without cause    Change of control

Alain Bouchard
Cash severance                               –                   –                   –                        –                  –
Annual incentive                             –            $892,142                   –                        –           $892,142
PSUs                                         –           $1,575,089                  –              $1,575,089           $1,575,089
Stock options                        $6,551,065          $6,551,065                  –              $6,551,065           $6,551,065
Brian Hannasch
Cash severance                               –                   –                   –                        –                  –
Annual incentive                             –           $2,996,118                  –                        –          $2,996,118
PSUs                                         –           $2,742,925                  –              $2,742,925          $2,742,925
Stock options                      $38,030,628         $38,030,628                   –             $38,030,628         $38,030,628
Claude Tessier
Cash severance                               –                   –                   –                        –                  –
Annual incentive                             –             $615,491                  –                        –            $615,491
PSUs                                         –            $510,804                   –                $510,804            $510,804
Stock options                        $1,287,633         $1,287,633                   –              $1,287,633           $1,287,633
Darrell Davis
Cash severance                               –                   –                   –                        –                  –
Annual incentive                             –            $488,040                   –                        –           $488,040
PSUs                                         –             $301,181                  –                $301,181             $301,181
Stock options                         $375,664            $375,664                   –               $375,664             $375,664
Alex Miller
Cash severance                               –                   –                   –                        –                  –
Annual incentive                             –           $1,136,255                  –                        –          $1,136,255
PSUs                                         –            $326,260                   –               $326,260             $326,260
Stock options                         $127,845            $127,845                   –                $127,845            $127,845
PSU amounts include only the 35% service component (see page 63 for information about the Share Unit Plan).




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular                                                                  74
Appendices
Appendix A - Glossary
Appendix B – Shareholder Proposals
Appendix C – Mandate of the Board of Directors




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular   75
Appendix A

Glossary
In this document:
   ◼  Circular means this management information circular;
   ◼  we, us, our, Corporation and Alimentation Couche-Tard mean Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. and its
      wholly owned subsidiaries;
   ◼  Board of Directors or Board means our board of directors;
   ◼  Meeting means our 2020 annual meeting of shareholders;
   ◼  Class A Shares means our Class A Multiple Voting Shares;
   ◼  Class B Shares means our Class B Subordinate Voting Shares; and
   ◼  Shares means both Class A Shares and Class B Shares.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular                                     76
Appendix B


Shareholder Proposal No. 1 – Integration of environmental, social and
governance (ESG) criteria in establishing executive compensation
“It is proposed that the compensation committee tables, in the minutes of its annual activities, a report on
the importance it attaches to the integration of environmental, social and governance issues in assessing
the performance of senior executives and in setting their compensation.”
Argumentation submitted by MÉDAC in support of its proposal
The 2012 guidance issued by the United Nations Principles for Responsible Investment (PRI) and the
United Nations Global Compact state that applying ESG criteria can serve as a major factor in protecting
and creating value for shareholders.
ESG targets could be expressed as follows: the degree of representation of women in decision-making
bodies; the rate of inclusion of people from diverse sociocultural communities; initiatives that reduce the
consumption of paper, energy and water; steps taken to ensure the sustainable employability of
employees in light of task automation; the deployment of programs designed to favour employee health
and well-being, etc.
In this regard, MÉDAC highlighted that organizations that set specific ESG guidelines generally enjoy a
better reputation among clients, adapt to change with greater agility, manage risk better, are more
innovative, and are better positioned to develop long-term added value for shareholders and
stakeholders.
MÉDAC suggested that the inclusion of financial objectives in evaluating the performance of senior
executives and in setting their compensation plays a crucial role in achieving those objectives. MÉDAC
believes that it is important to reassure shareholders and stakeholders that ESG objectives serve as a
formal guide in assessing the performance of the President and CEO, and his management team.
Response of the Corporation
The Corporation understands the importance that shareholders attach to ESG criteria and shares their
position in this regard. Like MÉDAC, the Corporation firmly believes that these factors generally contribute
to a better reputation with customers, better agility to adapt to changes, better risk management, greater
propensity for innovation, and equip companies to develop long-term added value for their shareholders
and all stakeholders.
It is with this in mind that the Corporation has adopted numerous initiatives expressly implementing ESG
criteria in order to do its best to ensure continued success as a sustainable business. Concretely speaking,
the Corporation has defined five areas of interest around which sustainable development initiatives are
articulated and which are aligned with the 17 sustainable development goals of the United Nations. These
five areas are (i) facilitating customer access to fresh, healthy and sustainable product offerings, (ii)
investing in our people and excelling in recruitment and training, (iii) reducing our environmental
footprint, using resources effectively and helping preserve the planet, (iv) make a positive contribution to
the lives of members of the communities in which we operate and source our supplies, and (v) foster a
culture based on solid values respecting high standards of ethics and compliance. Furthermore, the
Corporation is committed to remaining transparent and accountable to shareholders and other
stakeholders on its progress in ESG matters by publishing an annual report on sustainable development.
The content and data in this report have been developed according to the standards of the Global
Reporting Initiative and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board. Undeniably, ESG considerations
are part of the objectives that shape the Company’s business strategy.
As disclosed at page 55 of our Circular, a significant portion of the Corporation's executive compensation
is directly aligned with the success of our business strategy, and therefore, accordingly, on ESG
considerations. In particular, the annual incentive bonus payment annually reflects the achievement of
ambitious targets and goals that shape our annual business plan and strategy. The objectives are
quantitative and qualitative; some of them stem from our strategic planning process and span more than
one fiscal year. For competitive reasons, as many other issuers do, we do not communicate specific




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular                                           77
individual objectives. Their communication could cause serious prejudice to the Corporation and weaken
its competitive advantage.
The Corporation therefore believes that its manner of disclosing the importance it attaches to ESG criteria
in its strategic business plan is sufficient to reassure shareholders and stakeholders of the importance
that the Corporation attaches to these considerations. in the assessment of the performance of senior
executives and in the determination of their remuneration. More specific disclosure could weaken its
competitive advantage and ultimately cause serious harm to the Corporation.
For these reasons, the Board of Directors and the management of the Corporation recommend voting
AGAINST this proposal.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular                                          78
Shareholder Proposal No. 2 – Independence of directors
“It is proposed that all the information that led the Board of Directors to determine that a Director is
independent or non-independent be disclosed in the Management Proxy Circular, as per securities
regulations.”
Argumentation submitted by MÉDAC in support of its proposal
As per Regulation 58-101 respecting Disclosure of Corporate Governance Practices, reporting issuers are
required to disclose the names of directors who are not independent and the basis for this determination.
To this end, Regulation 52-110 respecting Audit Committees clarifies the definition of independence.
As is written by Professor Stéphane Rousseau of the Université de Montréal, a governance expert:
            “In the view of many, the independence of directors from senior executives is
            “an essential part of effective governance”. The importance given to directors’
            independence derives from the oversight role played by the Board. In this
            regard, let us remember that the Board of Directors of a corporation usually
            includes internal directors who are part of management and external directors.
            It is difficult for the former to fulfill the oversight function since this is equivalent
            to asking them to evaluate their own performance objectively. In addition, they
            may experience reluctance or discomfort in criticizing the chief executive
            officer, given the influence he has over their own career. Based on this
            perspective, only external directors are able to fulfill the management oversight
            function.”
MÉDAC believes there is a need to increase disclosure of information about the various directors of the
Corporation to better understand the nature of each director’s relationship with the Corporation, senior
management and controlling shareholders in order to allow shareholders to exercise their right to vote
in an informed way and to improve the governance of the Corporation. This change will allow
shareholders to assess the real objectivity of the directors, particularly when directors have held the
position for several years.
Response of the Corporation
The Corporation complies, and has in the past complied, with the applicable disclosure requirements
relating to the determinations made by the Board pertaining to the independence of its members,
including National Instrument 58-101 Disclosure of Corporate Governance Practices and National
Instrument 52-110 Audit Committees.
The Board, with the support of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee, is
responsible for determining the independence of directors. They undertake this analysis with great care
and disclose the identity of directors who are not independent, as well as the basis for such determination.
Information regarding each director, including principal occupation, biographical information and
information regarding the boards and committees of other public companies on which each director
currently sits or has sat, are also included in the Circular.
The Board therefore considers that the Corporation’s disclosure regarding the determination of
independence of its members is fully compliant with applicable laws and provides all relevant information
to allow shareholders to make an informed voting decision. The interests of the Corporation, and that of
its shareholders would not be furthered by the proposal.
For these reasons, the Board of Directors and the management of the Corporation recommend voting
AGAINST this proposal.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular                                           79
Shareholder Proposal No.3 – Responsible Employment Policy
“It is proposed that the board of directors adopt a responsible employment policy while ensuring its
employees a living wage.”
Argumentation submitted by MÉDAC in support of its proposal
For society taken as a whole, companies have an increasing social responsibility towards the communities
in which they operate. This responsibility takes various forms, including ensuring a decent or living wage
for its employees in order to cover the basic needs of a worker and his/her family. This living wage is
higher than the minimum wage.
MÉDAC believes that Couche-Tard's retail operations are based on a large number of employees earning
only minimum wage and that Shareholders are increasingly in favour of companies that demonstrate a
serious commitment to social responsibility.
MÉDAC is of the opinion that adhering to a living wage policy helps strengthen employee engagement
and helps them make sense of their work. Benefits thereof can be better customer service, higher
performance, lower absenteeism, higher retention and increased productivity.
Adhering to a living wage policy also helps convey a strong message to employees and consumers about
a company that is socially responsible and respectful of its employees.
Response of the Corporation
The Corporation shares MÉDAC's position on corporate social responsibility towards the community in
which it operates. As previously mentioned, the Corporation has adopted concrete measures aimed at
achieving sustainable development objectives, and in this regard, we invite shareholders to consult our
report on sustainable development.
In particular, the Corporation is committed to providing employees with competitive wages and
opportunities for career advancement. Management understands that the “living wage” is meant to be a
higher standard than minimum wage. However, it is a subjective standard and ultimately a question of
public policy and management believes that public policy is more appropriately and more effectively
dealt with through legislation or regulation.
Management believes that the Corporation’s approach to compensation is aligned with industry standard
practices. Establishing the Corporation’s compensation policies and practices is a complex process which
inherently involves balancing the interests of a number of stakeholders, including both employees and
shareholders, and considering a number of market specific factors. The Corporation’s pay scales are
adjusted in reaction to market considerations, in order to attract and retain talent in any given area. As a
retailer with substantial staffing needs operating in a competitive environment, the Corporation must
offer attractive wages to fulfill its recruitment needs, and this, while operating on a level playing field with
other retailers.
We provide training to our employees to advance their careers and improve their earning potential.
For these reasons, the Board of Directors and the management of the Corporation recommend voting
AGAINST this proposal.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular                                               80
Shareholder Proposal Withdrawn – Separate voting results by class of
shares
“It is proposed that the Corporation disclose voting results by class of shares, namely those shares carrying
one voting right and those carrying multiple voting rights.”
Argumentation submitted by MÉDAC in support of its proposal
According to the 2019 Corporation’s management information circular, shares carrying limited voting
rights (one share = one vote), meaning those held in majority by the public at large, represented 25.6%
of the total of all votes to be cast, whereas they represented 74,37% of all issued and outstanding shares.
Currently, the voting results are disclosed without any distinction. MÉDAC believes it would be important
to disclose the results separately in order to verify the alignment of concerns of shareholders of both
classes of shares. In MÉDAC’s recent proposals is was stated that multiple-voting shares offer certain
advantages for both dominant and minority shareholders "provided that the legal framework and
principles of good governance adequately protect minority shareholders".
To ensure proper protection, minority shareholders need direct and rapid access to their voting results
in order to ensure that their voices are heard and lead to actions meeting their expectations. MÉDAC
highlighted that based on their experience over the past few years shows that the holders of the two
types of shares might not have the same concerns. A few cases in point are the implementation of say-
on-pay for executive compensation, renewal of the term of office of one or more directors and better
gender balance on boards. Also, this practice is now in place at Québecor, Cogeco and Power
Corporation, in particular, following the MÉDAC’s proposal. In addition, since the data concerned is easily
accessible, this measure costs practically nothing.
According to MÉDAC such information would allow minority shareholders to better follow the actions
taken by the Corporation to meet their expectations and would promote greater dialogue between the
two classes of shareholders. It could even increase the loyalty of minority shareholders and lead to greater
harmony and mutual trust, which would be useful during the hard times any organization may face.
Response of the Corporation
Following discussions with the Corporation, and in light of the upcoming automatic conversion in 2021
of each Class B Share into one fully paid and non-assessable Class A Share (on the day all four of our co-
founders will have reached the age of 65), MÉDAC has agreed to withdraw its proposal. It nonetheless
maintains its position on the desirability of disclosure of votes by class of shares, and requested that the
Corporation reproduce the withdrawn proposals in the Circular for information purposes

Furthermore, in response to the proposal and despite its withdrawal, the Board of directors has
considered the MÉDAC’s position and remains of the view that the provision of separate voting results,
in circumstances in which there is no separate class vote at a meeting, is neither necessary nor useful.
Only a small number of companies report voting results by class, typically when a specific class of
shareholders is required to vote on a certain number of directors representing that class. This situation
does not apply to us because all of our shareholders, regardless of class, can vote for every director.
Indeed, providing disclosure of shareholder voting results on a class-by-class basis would not provide
investors with any meaningful information and, further, would risk misleading holders of Class B shares
into believing that they are entitled to vote separately as a class on matters for which no such rights exist.
This position is in line with applicable legislation, which does not require the disclosure of votes per class
of shares but otherwise contains sections dealing with the protection of shareholders.
It was agreed with the MEDAC that no vote will be held at the Meeting with respect to this proposal.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular                                             81
Appendix C


Mandate of the Board of Directors
I. Mandate
The Board of Directors oversees the Corporation’s management of its commercial activities and internal affairs with a view to increasing the long-
term return on shareholder equity. The Board makes major policy decisions and reviews the performance and efficiency of the management
team entrusted with the responsibility for administering the Corporation’s day-to-day business.
In accordance with the Business Corporations Act (Québec) and its by-laws, the Board of Directors may delegate certain tasks and responsibilities
to Board committees. However, such delegation does not remove the Board of Directors’ general management responsibilities with regard to
the Corporation.
II.       Responsibilities
In addition to making decisions that fall within its jurisdiction, in accordance with the law, the main responsibilities of the Board of Directors are
as follows:
A. Strategic planning
  1. Revising and approving the Corporation’s strategic plan and priorities while taking into account opportunities and risks, the Corporation’s
     financial and tax strategy and its business plan.
  2. Revising and discussing the Corporation’s strategic plan and priorities during an annual meeting with senior management.
  3. Evaluating the Corporation’s performance with respect to the strategic plan and business plan and, in particular, assessing the Corporation’s
     operating results based on the established objectives.
B. Human resources
  4. Ensuring that the Chief Executive Officer and other members of senior management create a culture of integrity throughout the Corporation.
  5. Determining the size and structure of the Board of Directors and its committees based on the expertise, skills and personal qualities required
     of the members of the Board, in order to ensure adequate decision-making.
  6. Approving and submitting the list of candidates for the position of director, as proposed by the Human Resources and Corporate
     Governance Committee, to be voted on by shareholders.
  7. Ensuring effective planning regarding the succession of the Corporation’s senior management, including their appointment and
     compensation.
  8. Ensuring that an annual performance evaluation is carried out for the Chief Executive Officer and other members of senior management,
     while taking into account the Board’s expectations and the objectives set by the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee.
C. Finance and internal control procedures
  9.  Revising the main risks associated with the Corporation’s activities, as identified by management, and ensuring that they are managed
      effectively. The main risks are revised during the quarterly meetings of the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors.
  10. Ensuring the integrity and the quality of the Corporation’s internal control and management systems.
  11. Adopting a communications policy that includes the full disclosure of all important matters related to the Corporation’s activities, in
      particular those dealing with how the Corporation interacts with analysts and the public. The communications policy must also outline
      measures to take to avoid the selective disclosure of information.
D. Governance
  12. Developing the Corporation’s governance policies and practices and revising governance structures and procedures based on current
      governance standards and the best applicable governance practices.
  13. Approving the appointment of the Lead Director based on the recommendation of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance
      Committee.
  14. Developing and approving the job descriptions for the Chairman of the Board, the committee chairs and the Lead Director.
  15. Adopting a written ethics code of conduct and ethics that applies to the Corporation’s officers and employees and revising and modifying
      it where necessary. The Board of Directors is responsible for enforcing the code. The Board, or a Board committee, may grant dispensations
      to directors or senior management with regard to the code.
  16. In co-operation with the Lead Director, implementing a procedure for evaluating the effectiveness and contribution of the Board and its
      members, as well as the Board committees and their members.
  17. Assessing and approving the contents of important disclosure documents, including the Annual Information Form, the Management
      information circular, as well as any document that the Corporation must disclose or file with the appropriate regulatory authorities.
  18. Ensuring that the appropriate measures are implemented to promote communication with clients, employees, shareholders, investors and
      the public.



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular                                                                           82
III. Board Composition
In accordance with the applicable laws, rules and regulations, the Board of Directors is composed of a majority of independent members.
An independent director is appointed, on the recommendation of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee, to act as the
Lead Director when the Chairman of the Board is not an independent director, in accordance with the applicable laws, rules and regulations.
IV. Mandate Term
The members of the Board of Directors are elected by the shareholders on the recommendation of the Human Resources and Corporate
Governance Committee and exercise their mandate from the date of their election until the next general annual shareholder meeting or until
their successors have been elected in accordance with the laws and regulations of the Corporation.
V. Procedures for meetings
The meetings of the Board of Directors are called and held as indicated in the Corporation’s by-laws. The Corporation’s management ensures
that all the relevant documentation is submitted to each Board member in a timely manner to allow the Board members the opportunity to
review the documentation and ensure the meetings run smoothly.
The independent directors shall hold periodic meetings without the non-independent directors and management. Failing this, the independent
directors shall establish procedures that will facilitate open and honest discussions among the independent directors.
VI. Quorum
As established in the Corporation’s by-laws.
VII. Secretary
Unless decided otherwise by Board resolution, the Corporate Secretary serves as the Secretary of the Board.
VIII. Vacancy
As established by the Business Corporations Act (Québec) and the Corporation’s by-laws.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2020 Management Information Circular                                                                      83
