Dear shareholders


On behalf of the Board of Directors and management of the Corporation, we are pleased to invite you to Alimentation Couche-Tard
Inc.’s annual general and special meeting of shareholders which will be held on Wednesday, August 31, 2022, at 10:30 a.m. (Eastern
time). This year again, the Corporation is holding the Meeting as a virtual-only meeting, which will be conducted via live webcast,
where all shareholders regardless of geographic location will have an equal opportunity to participate. The Corporation views the
use of technology-enhanced shareholder communications as a method to facilitate individual investor participation, making the
Meeting more accessible and engaging for all involved, permitting a broader base of shareholders to participate in the Meeting,
which is consistent with the goals of the regulators, stakeholders, and other invested in the corporate governance process. The
virtual-only formal for the Meeting will also help mitigate the ongoing health and safety concerns to the community, shareholders,
employees and other stakeholders in light of the continuing COVID-19 environment. Based on past practice, most of our
shareholders vote in advance of the Meeting by proxy using the various available voting channels and these voting channels will
continue to be available. We encourage shareholders to continue to vote in advance by proxy.

Fiscal 2022 performance
Once again, continued global challenges and turmoil have brought out the best in our company and our people as we managed the
business carefully and delivered a strong financial year while showing outstanding care and commitment to each other, our
customers and our communities. Our size, our winning culture and strategy, and the structures that we have put in place, both at
the executive management level and from a governance standpoint, served the business well, both in its operational and financial
performance. Additionally, a smooth transition to a single class of shares triggered by the sunset clause highlighted our stable
financial structures and the ongoing support from our shareholders. With a strong, diversified, and responsible capital structure as
well as our healthy balance sheet and solid financial position, we are well-positioned for the future of convenience and mobility. We
remain focused on our core strategic initiatives, ready to expand and solidify our global network through organic growth and
acquisitions and to drive value for our shareholders. In the year ahead, our award-winning, engaged culture will continue to be
guided by the values we live by: One Team, doing the right thing, taking ownership and playing to win.

Global company
We are immensely proud of the 122,000 people working in our global network comprised of more than 14,000 stores around the
world. Their dedication, hard work and entrepreneurial spirit contributed to the Corporation's strong financial performance and set
the stage for further success. We also wish to express our gratitude to our shareholders for their unwavering support and
continued interest.

Your vote is important
Detailed instructions about how to participate at our Meeting and a description of the items of business to be considered at the
Meeting can be found in the notice of annual general and special meeting of shareholders and the accompanying management
information circular. We invite you please to take some time to read these documents before you vote your shares as they discuss
many important topics.
We look forward to engaging with you at our Meeting.
Sincerely,

(s) Alain Bouchard                                     (s) Brian Hannasch
Alain Bouchard                                         Brian Hannasch
Founder and Executive Chairman                         President and Chief Executive Officer




                                                                                                                                 ii

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
 Notice of our 2022 annual general and special meeting of
        shareholders and availability of materials
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. (the “Corporation”) will hold its annual general and special
meeting of shareholders (the “Meeting”).

Date, time and place
When                                                                Where
Wednesday, August 31, 2022, at 10:30 a.m. (EDT)                     Virtual meeting via live webcast at
                                                                    https://web.lumiagm.com/475468046

Due to the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, this year we will once again hold the Meeting in a virtual-only format, which
will be conducted via live webcast. We are confident that hosting a virtual meeting will enable greater participation by our
shareholders, by allowing those who might not have otherwise been able to travel to a physical meeting to attend online. All
shareholders, regardless of their geographic location, will have an equal opportunity to participate in the Meeting and engage with
directors and management of the Corporation as well as with other shareholders.
You can find out more about our policies and practices relating to virtual meetings, as well as detailed instructions on how to cast
your vote in the enclosed management information circular (the “Circular”).

Business to be transacted at the Meeting

    1.   To receive our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended April 24, 2022, together with the
         auditor’s report.
    2.   To appoint our independent auditor until the next annual meeting of shareholders and authorize the board to set its
         remuneration.
    3.   To elect each of the directors nominated to serve on our board until the next annual general meeting.
    4.   To approve in a non-binding advisory capacity our approach to executive compensation policies.
    5.   To consider and, if deemed advisable, adopt a special resolution authorizing the Corporation to amend its articles of
         incorporation in order to (i) create a new class of shares, namely an unlimited number of common shares; (ii) convert each
         of the issued and outstanding Class A Multiple Voting Shares of the Corporation into one common share of the
         Corporation; (iii) after giving effect to the aforesaid conversion, repeal the Class A Multiple Voting Shares of the Corporation
         and the Class B Subordinate Voting Shares of the Corporation as well as the rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions
         attaching thereto; and, (iv) add an English version of Annex II attached to the articles of incorporation of the Corporation.
    6.   To vote on the four shareholder proposals we received from a shareholder this year, as set out in Appendix "D"of the
         Circular.

Notice and Access
As permitted under Canadian securities regulators, you are receiving this notification as the Corporation has decided to use the
“notice-and-access” mechanism for delivery to both registered and non-registered shareholder of this notice of annual general and
special meeting of shareholders, the Circular prepared in connection with the Meeting, and other proxy-related materials (the
“Meeting Materials”). You can download the Meeting Materials at https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/investors/shareholders-
ressources/annual-general-meeting-documents/.

How to request a paper copy of the Meeting Materials
If you would prefer to receive a paper copy of the Circular, please call us at the number in the box to the left, or send us an email,
and we will mail it to you at no cost. Note that we will not mail the proxy form or voting instruction form, so please keep the
one you received with this notice.




                                                                                                                                    iii

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Call                                                                 Send an email
1 (888) 433-6443 (toll-free in North America)                        tsxt-fulfilment@tmx.com
1 (416) 682-3801 (outside North America)

We need to receive your request by August 19, 2022 if you want to receive the Circular before the Meeting. After the Meeting,
please call 1 (888) 433-6443 to ask for a printed copy.

Attendance and voting at the Meeting
The record date (the “Record Date”) for determination of shareholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Meeting was
July 5, 2022. Only shareholders whose names have been entered in the register of our shares on the close of business on the Record
Date will be entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Meeting. Shareholders who acquire shares after the Record Date will not
be entitled to vote such shares at the Meeting.
Registered shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders will be able to attend, participate, vote and ask questions in writing or by
telephone live at the Meeting.
Non-registered shareholders who have not duly appointed themselves as their proxy will be able to attend the Meeting only as
guests. Guests will be able to listen to the Meeting but will not be able to vote or ask questions.

Registered shareholders                                              Non-registered shareholders
You are a registered shareholder if your shares are held in your You are a non-registered shareholder if your shares are listed in
name.                                                            an account statement provided to you by an intermediary.

Shareholders who wish to appoint a proxyholder other than the persons designated by the Corporation on the form of proxy or
voting instruction form (including a non-registered shareholder who wishes to appoint themselves as proxyholder) must carefully
follow the instructions in the Circular and on their form of proxy or voting instruction form. These instructions include the additional
step of registering such proxyholder with our transfer agent, TSX Trust Company, after submitting their form of proxy or voting
instruction form. Failure to register the proxyholder will result in the proxyholder not receiving a control number that will act as
their online sign-in credentials and is required for them to vote at the Meeting and, consequently, will only be able to attend the
Meeting online as a guest.
We have enclosed a proxy form or voting information form with this notice. If you cannot attend the Meeting, please sign and return
the form following the instructions on page 7 of the Circular.

Questions
If you have any questions regarding this notice, the notice-and-access mechanism or the Meeting please call TSX Trust Company at 1 (888)
433-6443.

By order of the Board of Directors,
(s) Valéry Zamuner

Valéry Zamuner
Senior Vice-President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Laval, Québec
July 5, 2022




                                                                                                                                     iv

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Management Information
Circular
Welcome to our 2022 Management Information Circular. We are
sending you this document because you owned shares of
Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. on July 5, 2022 (the Record Date).
Please read it carefully and exercise your right to vote.

Our Board of Directors has approved the content of this Management Information
Circular and its distribution to shareholders.

(s) Valéry Zamuner

Valéry Zamuner
Senior Vice-President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
July 5, 2022
TABLE OF CONTENTS


4        General Information
5        Our Shares, Quorum and Principal Shareholders


7        Voting Information
7        Who can vote
7        Notice-and-Access
8        Appointment of proxyholder
9        How to vote


12       Business of the Meeting
12       Presentation of our consolidated financial statements
12       Appointing of auditor
14       Election of directors
15       Voting on our approach to executive compensation
         Voting on a special resolution approving the proposed amendments to the articles of incorporation of
15       the Corporation
16       Considering shareholder proposals


17       Nominees for election to the Board of Directors
17       Director Nominees profiles
34       Attributes of our Directors
36       Other information about the Director Nominees


37       Director Compensation
37       Our Director Compensation Policy
37       Annual Retainers
38       Deferred Share Unit Plan
38       Non-Executive Directors' minimum equity ownership requirements
39       Non-Executive Directors' compensation table
39       Incentive plan awards – value vested or earned during fiscal 2022
40       Upcoming changes to non-executive director compensation in fiscal 2023
40       Our Corporate Governance Practices
41       Composition of our Board
48       Role and duties of our Board and its Committees
51       About our Board Committees
53       Ethical business behaviour and Ethics Code of Conduct
54       Shareholder engagement and transparency
56       Human capital management


60       Compensation Discussion and Analysis
60       Letter from the Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
62       2022 Performance
63       Our 2022 Named Executive Officers

                                                                                                           2

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
66       Executive 2022 Compensation at a Glance and Performance
68       Executive Compensation Program
72       Annual Compensation Review Process on Management of Risk
77       Executive Share Ownership Requirement
77       Description of Compensation paid to NEOs in 2022
83       Termination and Change of Control Benefits
85       Key Compensation Tables


89       Appendices
90       Appendix A – Glossary
91       Appendix B – Mandate of the Board of Directors
94       Appendix C – Summaries of our long-term incentive plans
99       Appendix D – Shareholder Proposals




                                                                       3

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
General Information
We are sending you this document because you owned shares of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. on July 5, 2022. We
encourage you to vote at our annual general and special meeting of shareholders by soliciting your proxy. We solicit
proxies by mail, but brokers and others who hold shares as nominees may send proxy material to beneficial owners of our
shares. We pay the cost of proxy solicitation.



                   Where to get more information
                   You can find financial information about us in our 2022 Annual Report, which includes our
                   audited, consolidated financial statements and management’s discussion and analysis
                   (MD&A). You can learn more about the audit committee in our 2022 Annual Information Form.
                   These documents and others are on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com) and on SEDAR
                   (sedar.com). If you would like paper copies of these documents, please call us or send us an
                   email, and we will mail them to you at no cost:


                             Call: 1 (450) 662-6632 (outside North America)


                             Send an email Investor.relations@couche-tard.com




The information in this document is as of July 5, 2022, and all dollar amounts expressed herein are in Canadian dollars unless noted
otherwise.




                                                                                                                                4

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Our Shares, Quorum and Principal Shareholders
Our Voting Shares and Principal Holders Thereof
Under the current articles of incorporation of the Corporation, the Corporation has two classes of shares: Class A Multiple Voting
Shares (the "Class A Shares") which each carry ten (10) votes per share and Class B Subordinate Voting Shares (the "Class B
Shares"), which each carry one (1) vote per share. Class B Shares are restricted securities as defined by the Canadian securities
regulations because they carry fewer voting rights per share than Class A Shares.
On December 8, 2021, the Corporation announced the automatic conversion of the Corporation's Class B Shares into Class A Shares
(the "Conversion Event") on a one-for-one basis as a result of all four co-founders having reached the age of 65, the whole in
accordance with the terms of the articles of incorporation of the Corporation. Messrs. Bouchard, D'Amours, Fortin and Plourde also
terminated their voting agreement immediately following the Conversion Event.
As a result of the Conversion Event, the Class A Shares are the Corporation's only class of shares issued and outstanding and as of
July 5, 2022 there were 1,022,068,355 Class A Shares issued and outstanding. Unless indicated otherwise, the term "Shares" used
hereafter refers to the Corporation's Class A Shares.
As described in this Circular, and subject to the approval of the Corporation's shareholders, the Corporation intends to create a new
class of common shares, which shall be voting and participating, and remove the Class A Shares and the Class B Shares from its
authorized share capital. Assuming the proposed amendments to the articles of incorporation of the Corporation are approved by
the Corporation's shareholders, the issued share capital of the Corporation will solely consist of common shares, which shall each
carry one (1) vote per share.
To the best of the knowledge of the directors and officers of the Corporation, Mr. Alain Bouchard is the only person who, directly or
indirectly, beneficially owns or exercises control over 10% or more of the votes attached to our Class A Shares. As of July 5, 2022, Mr.
Bouchard held 123,219,953 of Class A Shares representing 12.06% of the current issued and outstanding shares of the Corporation.

Our Quorum
Pursuant to the by-laws of the Corporation, a quorum of shareholders is present at the Meeting if the holders of not less than 25%
of all issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the Meeting are present in person or represented by proxy.

Normal Course Issuer Bid
On April 26, 2021, following the approval by the TSX on April 21, 2021, the Corporation terminated early the repurchase program it
has commenced on November 27, 2020 (the "Terminated Program") and commenced a new share repurchase program (the
“NCIB”) under which it was authorized to repurchase up to 32,056,988 Class B Shares, representing 4% of the 801,424,691 Class B
Shares comprising the Corporation’s “public float” (as such term is defined in the TSX Company Manual) as at April 19, 2020 (or
3.87% of the 827,352,346 issued and outstanding Class B Shares as at April 19, 2021) over the course of a twelve months period
ending at the latest on April 25, 2022. In accordance with TSX requirements, the maximum number of Class B Shares that the
Corporation may have asked authorization to repurchase under the NCIB was 46,806,328 Class B Shares, and was equal to the
maximum annual limit of 10% of the Corporation’s “public float” minus the amount of 33,336,141 Class B Shares which were
repurchased by the Corporation under the Terminated Program.
On October 8, 2021, the Corporation announced that it entered into a private agreement with Développements Orano Inc.
("Orano"), a corporation controlled by Mr. Bouchard, for the repurchase for cancellation of 6,351,895 Class B Shares of the
Corporation held by Orano at a price of $47.23 per share, for a total consideration of approximately $300 million, within the limits of
the Corporation's NCIB.
On December 8, 2021, concurrently with the Conversion Event, the Corporation amended the terms of its NCIB on the TSX to
purchase for cancellation a maximum of 32,056,988 Class A Shares rather than Class B Shares.
On January 31, 2022, the Corporation obtained approval from the TSX to amend its NCIB in order to increase the maximum number
of Class A Shares that may be purchased from 32,056,988 Class A Shares, or 4% of the Corporation's public float (as such term is
defined in the TSX Company Manual) as at April 19, 2021, to 46,806,328 Class A Shares, representing 5.8% of the Corporation's
"public float" as at April 19, 2021 (the annual limit permissible for repurchase under the TSX rules taking into account the 33,336,141
shares repurchased under the Terminated Program.
On April 5, 2022, the Corporation announced that it had entered into a private agreement with Caisse de dépôt et placement du
Québec ("CDPQ"), for the repurchase for cancellation of 5,477,451 Class A Shares of the Corporation held by CDPQ at a price of
$54.77 per share for a total consideration of approximately $300 million, the whole again in accordance with the framework of its


                                                                                                                                   5

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
NCIB. The repurchase price represented a discount of 3% on the closing price of the Class A Shares on the TSX on April 4, 2022 and
was paid using the Corporation's cash on hand.
On April 22, 2022, the Corporation announced the renewal of its NCIB to purchase for cancellation a maximum of 79,703,614 Class A
Shares, representing 10% of the 797,036,143 Class A Shares comprising Couche-Tard’s “public float” as at April 20, 2022 (or 7.1% of
the 1,035,691 Class A Shares issued and outstanding as at April 20, 2022).
As at July 5, 2022, the Corporation had purchased for cancellation 10,940,400 Class A Shares under its current NCIB for
approximately $614.2 million at a weighted average price of $56.14 per share.




                                                                                                                               6

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Voting Information
Please join us at our virtual-only annual and special meeting of shareholders (the "Meeting"). This section of our management
information circular (the "Circular") tells you about the Meeting, how you can vote, and the items you will be voting on.

When                                                                Where
Wednesday, August 31, 2022, at 10:30 a.m. (EDT)                     Virtual meeting via live webcast at
                                                                    https://web.lumiagm.com/475468046


Who can vote
This year, the Corporation is providing facilities to allow its shareholders to participate in a virtual meeting format whereby
registered shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders may attend and participate in the Meeting via live webcast. Attending the
Meeting online enables registered shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders, including non-registered shareholders who have
duly appointed themselves as proxyholder, to participate at the Meeting and ask questions in writing and by telephone, all in real
time. You can find out more about our policies and practices relating to virtual meetings on page 56 of this Circular.
You can vote at the Meeting if you held Shares at the close of business on July 5, 2022.

Registered shareholders                                             Non-registered shareholders
You are a registered shareholder if your shares are registered You are a non-registered shareholder when your Shares are
directly in your name with our Transfer Agent. You hold your held in the name of an intermediary, usually a bank, trust
Shares through the direct registration system (DRS) on the company, security dealer or broker or other financial institution.
records of our Transfer Agent in electronic form. Your proxy When you receive a voting instruction form, this tells you that
form tells you whether you are a registered shareholder or not. you are a non-registered shareholder.

Registered shareholders
If you are a registered shareholder, you will receive a form of proxy containing the relevant details concerning the business of the
Meeting, including a control number that must be used to vote by proxy in advance of the Meeting, or join the live webcast the day
of the Meeting to participate and vote at the Meeting.

In order to attend the online Meeting, please follow the instructions set below under the heading "How to vote".

Non-registered shareholders
Your intermediary is required to seek your voting instructions in advance of the Meeting. You will have received from your
intermediary a package of information with respect to the Meeting, including either a proxy form or a voting instruction form. Each
intermediary has its own signature and return instructions. It is important that you comply with these instructions if you want the
voting rights attached to your shares to be exercised.
If you vote by Internet or telephone, you must do so no later than 10:30 a.m. (Montréal time) on August 29, 2022. In rare cases, non-
registered shareholders may have received a form of proxy instead of a voting instruction form. Such a form of proxy will likely be
stamped by the applicable intermediary. In such case, you may have to follow instructions in this Circular applicable to registered
shareholders.
Non-registered shareholders who have not duly appointed themselves as proxyholder will not be entitled to vote at the
Meeting during the live webcast. If you are a non-registered shareholder and have not appointed yourself as a proxyholder, you
will be able to attend the Meeting as a guest but will not be able to vote your shares at the Meeting. To appoint yourself as
proxyholder, you may follow the instructions set out below under the heading “How to vote”.


Notice-and-Access
This year once again, as permitted by Canadian securities regulators, we are using notice-and-access (as defined in National
Instrument 54-101 - Communication with Beneficial Owners of Securities of a Reporting Issuer ("NI-54-101")) to deliver the Meeting
materials, including this Circular, to both our registered and non-registered shareholders.

This means that the Circular is being posted online for shareholders to access, rather than being mailed out. Notice-and-access
gives shareholders more choice, substantially reduces the Corporation’s printing and mailing costs, and is more environmentally
friendly as it reduces materials and energy consumption. Shareholders will still receive a form of proxy or a voting instruction form

                                                                                                                                7

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
in the mail (unless shareholders have chosen to receive proxy materials electronically) so they can vote their shares but, instead of
automatically receiving a paper copy of this Circular, shareholders will receive a notice with information about how they can access
the Circular electronically and how to request a paper copy. This Circular is available on the Corporation’s website at https://
corpo.couche-tard.com/en/investors/shareholders-ressources/annual-general-meeting-documents/              or      on      SEDAR     at
www.sedar.com. Shareholders may request a paper copy of this Circular at no cost, up to one year from the date this Circular was
filed on SEDAR. To ensure you receive the materials in advance of the voting deadline and meeting date, all requests must be
received no later than August 19, 2022. If you do request the current materials, please note that another Proxy/Voting Instruction
Form will not be sent; please retain your current one for voting purposes. Request materials by calling toll-free within North America
at 1 (888) 433-6443, from outside of North America at (416) 682-3801 or by email at tsxt-fulfilment@tmx.com.

Appointment of proxyholder
Voting by proxy means having someone else (your proxyholder) vote for you at the meeting.
                                                                                                       BE SURE TO VOTE
Unless you appoint someone else, Alain Bouchard or Brian Hannasch will be your proxyholder.
                                                                                                       BEFORE THE DEADLINE
This includes non-registered shareholders who wish to appoint themselves as proxyholder to
                                                                                                       Your     proxy   must     be
attend, participate or vote at the Meeting online.
                                                                                                       received by 10:30 a.m.
If you want to appoint someone else to be your proxyholder, write that person’s name in                (EDT) on August 29, 2022,
the space provided on the proxy form or the voting information form (as applicable),                   or two business days
and make sure they follow all the instructions set out below under the heading “How to                 before the meeting if it is
vote”. The person you appoint does not need to be an Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.                     adjourned or postponed in
shareholder.                                                                                           accordance with applicable
                                                                                                       Canadian           securities
Shareholders who wish to appoint someone other than the Corporation’s proxyholders as their            regulations. The chairman
proxyholder to attend and participate at the Meeting as their proxy and vote their Shares              of the meeting can waive or
MUST submit their form of proxy or voting instruction form, as applicable, appointing that             extend the proxy voting
person as proxyholder AND register that proxyholder, as described below. Registering your              deadline at his or her
proxyholder is an additional step to be completed AFTER you have submitted your form of                discretion, without notice.
proxy or voting instruction form. Failure to register your proxyholder will result in the
proxyholder not receiving a control number that is required to vote at the Meeting.


          Step 1 - Submit your form of proxy or voting instruction form: To appoint yourself or a
          third-party proxyholder, insert your or such person’s name in the blank space
          provided in the form of proxy or voting instruction form and follow the instructions for
          submitting such proxy or voting instruction form. This must be completed prior to
          registering such proxyholder, which is an additional step to be completed once you
          have submitted your form of proxy or voting instruction form.

          Step 2 - Register your proxyholder: To register yourself or a third-party proxyholder,
          shareholders must call 1 (866) 751-6315 (toll free in Canada and the United States) or
          1 (212) 235 5754 not later than 10:30 a.m. (Eastern time) on August 29, 2022, or, if
          the meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays,
          Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the adjourned or postponed
          meeting, and provide AST Trust Company (Canada) with the required proxyholder
          contact information so that AST Trust Company (Canada) may provide the proxyholder
          with a control number via email. Without a control number, proxyholders will not be
          able to vote or ask questions at the meeting but will be able to participate as a guest.

How your Shares will be voted
Your proxyholders will follow your voting instructions. Unless you appoint someone else, Alain Bouchard or Brian Hannasch
will be your proxyholder (the “Named Proxyholder”) and will vote as follows:
  ▪   for the appointment of our auditor;
  ▪   for the election of each nominated director;
  ▪   for our approach to executive compensation;
  ▪   for a special resolution approving the proposed amendments to the Corporation's articles of incorporation;

                                                                                                                                 8

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
  ▪ against each of the four proposals we received from a shareholder this year.
If any of the nominees is unable to serve as a director for any reason, your proxyholder can vote your Shares for another nominee
at their discretion, unless you have specified on your proxy form that you have withheld from voting in the election of directors.
If other matters properly come before the Meeting, your proxyholders can vote as they see fit.

Revoking your proxy
If you change your mind about how you want to vote your Shares, you can revoke your proxy by sending us a new proxy form
(signed by you or your authorized attorney) by 10:30 a.m. (EDT) on August 29, 2022.


How to vote

Option 1: vote by proxy in advance of Meeting
Registered shareholders
            1. Online
            Go to www.tsxtrust.com/vote-proxy and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your proxy form.


            2. By telephone
            Call 1 (888) 489-7352 toll-free from anywhere in Canada and the United States and follow the instructions. You will need the
            control number listed on your proxy form.

            3. By mail, fax or email
            Complete, sign and date your proxy form following the instructions on the form. You can send it to us in one of the
            following three ways:

           Mail it to our transfer agent, TSX Trust Company, using the prepaid envelope provided


            Fax it to 1 (416) 368-2502 or toll-free in Canada and the United States to 1 (866) 781-3111


            Scan and email it to proxyvote@tmx.com.



Non Registered shareholders
            1. Online
            Go to www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your voting instruction
            form.

            2. By telephone
            Call 1 (800) 474-7493 (English) or 1 (800) 474-7501 (French) toll-free from anywhere in Canada and 1 (800) 454-8683 from the
            United States and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your voting instruction form.
            3. By mail
            Complete, sign and date your voting instruction form following the instructions on the form and return it in the business
            reply envelope provided.




                                                                                                                                      9

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Non Registered shareholders - Employees holding shares under the ESPP
Employee shares purchased by employees of the Corporation or its subsidiaries under the ESPP (the “Employee Shares”) are
registered in the name of TSX Trust as nominee. TSX Trust holds the Employee Shares as a trustee, in accordance with the
provisions of the ESPP unless the employees have withdrawn their shares from the plan.
If you hold Employee Shares, you can direct your proxyholder to vote your Employee Shares as you instruct. Instructions are given
to your proxyholder by proxy in the manner described below.
            1. Online
            Go to www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your voting instruction
            form.

            2. By telephone
            Call 1 (800) 474-7493 (English) or 1 (800) 474-7501 (French) toll-free from anywhere in Canada and 1 (800) 454-8683 from the
            United States and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your voting instruction form.
            3. By mail
            Complete, sign and date your voting instruction form following the instructions on the form and return it in the business
            reply envelope provided.

TSX Trust Company, the Corporation’s transfer agent, must have received your proxy form or you must have voted by internet or
telephone no later than 10:30 a.m. (Montreal time) on August 29, 2022. See “Appointment of proxy” for the complete procedure to
follow to appoint another person to act as your proxyholder.

Option 2: vote virtually at the Meeting
Registered shareholders
If you are a registered shareholder, you will be able to attend, participate, submit questions and vote live at the Meeting by logging
in online and following the below instructions:
     1.   Log in online at https://web.lumiagm.com/475468046 at least 30 minutes before the Meeting starts
     2.   Click “I have a control number”
     3.   Enter the control number located on the form of proxy or in the email notification you received
     4.   Enter the password “couchetard2022” (case sensitive)
     5.   Follow the instructions to access the Meeting, and vote when prompted



Non Registered shareholders, including Employees holding shares under the ESPP
If you are a non-registered shareholder, you can vote your shares at the Meeting if you have instructed your nominee to appoint
you as a proxyholder by submitting your voting instruction form identifying yourself as a proxyholder. Appoint yourself as
proxyholder by following the complete procedure set out under “Appointment of a Proxyholder”. Once you have appointed
yourself and have received the 13-digit proxyholder control number, you will be able to attend, participate, submit questions and
vote live at the Meeting by logging in online and following the below instructions:
     1.   Log in at https://web.lumiagm.com/475468046 at least 30 minutes before the Meeting starts
     2.   Click on “I have a control number”
     3.   Enter your control number
     4.   Enter the password: “couchetard2022” (case sensitive)
     5.   Follow the instructions to access the Meeting, and vote when prompted.

If you are a non-registered shareholder and you have not instructed your nominee to appoint you as proxyholder, you will not be
able to vote at the Meeting but will be able to attend as a guest.

You have to be connected to the internet at all times in order to be able to vote when solicited – it is your responsibility to make
sure you stay connected for the entire Meeting. You should connect thirty minutes in advance in order to allow ample time to check
into the Meeting online and complete the related procedure.

Guests
If you wish to attend the Meeting as a guest, you can attend the Meeting by logging online at https://web.lumiagm.com/475468046
at least 15 minutes before the Meeting starts. You should allow ample time to check into the virtual Meeting and to complete the



                                                                                                                                    10

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
related procedures. You must complete the “Guest Login” section and click “Enter Here”. Guests will be able to attend the Meeting
but will not be able to submit questions, vote their shares (if any) or otherwise participate in the Meeting.

Asking questions at the Meeting
It is recommended to shareholders and proxyholders to submit their questions as soon as possible during the Meeting so they can
be addressed at the right time. There are two (2) ways to ask questions during the Meeting. Questions may be submitted in writing
by using the relevant dialog box in the function “Ask a question” during the Meeting. Questions may also be asked over the
telephone. To do so, the shareholder or proxyholder will need to submit its telephone number by using the relevant dialog box in
the function “Ask a question” during the Meeting in order to be reached by telephone at the appropriate time. Your telephone
number will not be shared with the other Meeting attendees. Only shareholders and duly appointed and registered proxyholders
may ask questions during the question period.

The Executive Chairman and other members of management present at the Meeting will answer questions relating to matters to be
voted on before a vote is held on each matter, if applicable. General questions will be addressed by them at the end of the Meeting
during the question period. So that as many questions as possible are answered, shareholders and proxyholders are asked to be
brief and concise and to address only one topic per question. Questions from multiple shareholders on the same topic or that are
otherwise related will be grouped, summarized and answered together.

All shareholder questions are welcome. However, the Corporation does not intend to address questions that:
  ▪ are irrelevant to the Corporation’s operations or to the business of the Meeting;
  ▪ are related to non-public information about the Corporation;
  ▪ are related to personal grievances;
  ▪ constitute derogatory references to individuals or that are otherwise offensive to third parties;
  ▪ are repetitious or have already been asked by other shareholders;
  ▪ are in furtherance of a shareholder’s personal or business interest;
    or
  ▪ are out of order or not otherwise appropriate as determined by the Executive Chairman or Secretary of the Meeting in their
    reasonable judgment.




                                                                                                                             11

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Business of the Meeting
The Meeting will cover the following six items of business:
    (1) Presentation of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended April 24, 2022, together with the auditor’s report;
    (2) Appointment of the independent auditors of the Corporation for the forthcoming year;
    (3) Election of each of the nominated directors who will serve until the end of the next annual meeting of the Shareholders or
        until their successors are appointed;
    (4) Consideration and approval, in a non-binding, advisory capacity, of the approach to executive compensation policies;
    (5) Consideration and approval of a special resolution adopting amended articles of incorporation of the Corporation; and
    (6) Consideration of four shareholder proposals received this year by the Corporation.

As at the date of this Circular, management is not aware of any other matters to be brought forward at the Meeting. However, the
proxy form confers discretionary authority upon the persons named therein to vote on any other matters to be brought forward at
the Meeting.


1 Presentation of our consolidated financial statements

We will present our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended April 24, 2022, together with the auditor’s report.
We have mailed our consolidated financial statements to shareholders who have requested to receive a copy. You can also find a
copy in our 2022 Annual Report, which is on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com) and on SEDAR (sedar.com).

2 Appointing of auditor

The Board, on the advice of the Audit Committee, recommends appointing
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, a partnership of Chartered Professional Accountants ("PwC") as                MANAGEMENT
our auditor until the next annual meeting of shareholders at a remuneration to be fixed by the            RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
Board. If you have not specified how you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the
Named Proxyholder as your proxyholder, the Named Proxyholder will vote FOR the                            FOR
appointment of PwC as independent auditor of the Corporation and FOR authorizing the Board                THE AUDITOR
to determine its remuneration.
The Audit Committee has adopted procedures for the pre-approval of engagement for services
of its external auditor, which require pre-approval of all audit and non-audit services provided
by the external auditor. Moreover, the Board, upon recommendation of the Audit Committee,
approves, on an annual basis, the fees charged to the Corporation by PwC. The table below
shows the fees we paid to PwC for services in the 2022 and 2021 fiscal years respectively:



                                                   Fiscal 2022         Fiscal 2021
                                                   (year ended April   (year ended April
                                                   24)                 25)
              Audit fees                           $2,977,661          $3,526,532
              Audit-related fees                   $195,204            $100,919
              Tax fees                             $124,893            $40,733
              All other fees                       $139,135            $650,356
              Total                                $3,436,893          $4,318,540


Audit fees are for auditing our annual consolidated financial statements and for services that are normally provided by the auditor
in connection with an engagement to audit the financial statements of an issuer:
  ▪ statutory or regulatory audit and certification engagements, mainly related to European subsidiaries (2022: $1,179,856, 2021:
    $1,179,005)
  ▪ consultations related to specific audit or accounting matters that arise during or as a result of an audit or review


                                                                                                                              12

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
  ▪ preparing a management letter
  ▪ services in connection with the Corporation’s quarterly reports, prospectuses and other filings with applicable securities
    regulatory authorities (2022: $300,000, 2021: $438,400).
Audit-related fees are for assurance and related services traditionally performed by an independent auditor:
  ▪ employee benefit plan audits;
  ▪ assurance engagements that are not required by statute or regulation; and
  ▪ general advice on accounting standards including IFRS.
Tax fees are for tax planning and other tax advice related to our international corporate structure.
All other fees are for professional services that do not fall into any of the categories above.
Non-audit services
We have a policy that prohibits the auditor from providing the following non-audit services to us: bookkeeping or other services
related to the accounting records or financial statements, financial information systems design and implementation, appraisal or
valuation services, actuarial services, internal audit services, investment banking services, management functions or human
resources functions, legal services and expert services unrelated to the audit. The auditor can provide other non-audit services as
long as they are pre-approved by the Audit Committee.

3 Election of directors

It is proposed that sixteen (16) directors be elected until the next annual meeting of the
shareholders of the Corporation. Each director so elected at the Meeting will hold office until         MANAGEMENT
the end of the next annual meeting of Shareholders or until his or her successor is appointed,          RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
unless his or her office is vacated at an earlier date. Please see the section of this Circular
entitled “Nominees for election to the Board of Directors” on page 17 for additional                    FOR
information on each of the nominees.                                                                    EACH DIRECTOR NOMINEE
If you have not specified how you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the
Named Proxyholder as your proxyholder, the Named Proxyholder will vote FOR the election of
each of the Director Nominees. Shareholders should note that the form of proxy or voting
instruction form, as applicable, provides for voting for individual directors as opposed to voting
for directors as a slate.
This year the Board approved the sixteen (16) nominees listed below to serve as directors until the next annual meeting of
shareholders or until a successor is elected or appointed. All directors served on our Board last year, for at least a portion
of the year.


                        ▪   Alain Bouchard             ▪   Janice L. Fields            ▪   Réal Plourde
                        ▪   Mélanie Kau                ▪   Eric Fortin                 ▪   Daniel Rabinowicz
                        ▪   Jean Bernier               ▪   Richard Fortin              ▪   Louis Têtu
                        ▪   Karinne Bouchard           ▪   Brian Hannasch              ▪   Louis Vachon
                        ▪   Eric Boyko                 ▪   Marie-Josée Lamothe
                        ▪   Jacques D’Amours           ▪   Monique F. Leroux


                    MAJORITY VOTING POLICY
                    Shareholders can vote for or withhold their votes for individual directors. According to our
                    majority voting policy, directors who receive more withhold votes than for votes in an
                    uncontested election will not have received the support of shareholders and will have to
                    resign. The HRCG Committee will consider whether or not to accept the resignation and
                    will make a recommendation to the Board. The affected director will not be part of these
                    discussions. The Board will announce its decision in a press release within 90 days of the
                    annual meeting of shareholders. If it decides not to accept the resignation, it will explain
                    why in the press release.




                                                                                                                             14

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
4 Voting on our approach to executive compensation
                                                                                                            MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                            RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
As per last year, and in order to enhance transparency with regard to executive compensation,
and as part of our engagement process between shareholders and the Board, we are pleased                    FOR
to once again offer our shareholders the opportunity to express their views on our approach                 OUR APPROACH ON
to executive compensation.                                                                                  EXECUTIVE
We believe that our approach to executive compensation supports our strategy, is dependent                  COMPENSATION
on the Corporation’s performance and reflects our entrepreneurial culture. Our compensation
strategy has four elements:
     ▪   be competitive;
     ▪   pay for performance;
     ▪   align with shareholder interests; and
     ▪   link to strategy. You can read more about this on page 69.

As such, the Board recommends that shareholders indicate their support to the Corporation’s approach to executive compensation
disclosed in this Circular by voting FOR the following advisory resolution:

RESOLVED, on an advisory basis and not to diminish the role and responsibilities of the Board of Directors that the shareholders
accept the approach to executive compensation as disclosed in this Circular in advance of the Meeting.

Since this is an advisory vote, the results are not binding on the Board. The Board will, however, take the results into account, as
appropriate, along with comments it may have received from shareholders in the course of engaging with them when determining
its approach to compensation for subsequent financial years.

If you have not specified how you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the Named Proxyholder as your proxyholder,
the Named Proxyholder will vote FOR the above non-binding, advisory resolution on executive compensation.


5 Voting on a special resolution approving the proposed
amendments to the articles of incorporation of the
Corporation                                                                                                 MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                            RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
Following the Conversion Event and with a view of simplifying its articles of incorporation, the
Corporation proposes to amend its articles to (i) create a new class of shares, namely an                   FOR
unlimited number of common shares, which shall be voting and participating; (ii) convert each               THE PROPOSED
of the issued and outstanding Class A Multiple Voting Shares of the Corporation into one                    AMENDMENTS TO OUR
common share of the Corporation; (iii) after giving effect to the aforesaid conversion, repeal
                                                                                                            ARTICLES OF
the Class A Multiple Voting Shares of the Corporation and the Class B Subordinate Voting
                                                                                                            INCORPORATION
Shares of the Corporation as well as the rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions attaching
thereto, and, (iv) add an English version of Annex II attached to the articles of incorporation of
the Corporation.
As such, the Board recommends that shareholders indicate their support to the Corporation’s
articles of incorporation by voting FOR the following special resolution:
1.       THAT the Corporation is hereby authorized to apply for a Certificate of Amendment under Section 240 of the Business
         Corporations Act (Québec) amending the articles of the Corporation:

         a.   to create a new class of shares, namely an unlimited number of common shares without par value, which shall be voting
              and participating;
         b.   to convert each of the issued and outstanding Class A Multiple Voting Shares (actions à droit de vote multiple de catégorie A)
              of the Corporation into one common share of the Corporation;
         c.   after giving effect to the aforesaid conversion, to repeal the following classes of shares of the Corporation as well as the
              rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions attaching thereto:
                 i.    an unlimited number of Class A Multiple Voting Shares (actions à droit de vote multiple de catégorie A);
                ii.    an unlimited number of Class B Subordinate Voting Shares (actions à droit de vote subalterne de catégorie B); and

                                                                                                                                      15

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
     d.   to add an English version of “Annexe II” attached to the articles of the Corporation.
2.   THAT any director or officer of the Corporation be, and each of them hereby is, authorized and directed, for and on behalf of
     the Corporation, to sign and deliver articles of amendment under the Business Corporations Act (Québec) and to sign and deliver
     or cause to be signed and delivered all documents and to take all steps such person deems necessary or advisable to give effect
     to this special resolution.

Assuming the proposed amendments to the articles of incorporation of the Corporation are approved by the Corporation's
shareholders, the issued share capital of the Corporation will solely consist of common shares, which shall each carry one (1) vote
per share.

If you have not specified how you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the Named Proxyholder as your proxyholder,
the Named Proxyholder will vote FOR the above special resolution.

6 Considering shareholder proposals
                                                                                                                       MANAGEMENT
The Corporation received a total of four shareholder proposals this year from the Mouvement
                                                                                                                       RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
d’éducation et de défence des actionnaires (“MÉDAC”), a holder of Shares of the Corporation,
having its principal office at 82 Sherbrooke Street West, Montréal, Québec, H2X 1X3, Canada.
The proposals were submitted in French by MÉDAC and were translated into English by the
                                                                                                                       AGAINST
Corporation.                                                                                                           EACH OF THE
                                                                                                                       SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS
The full text of the four proposals submitted for consideration at the Meeting has been
reproduced in Appendix “D” to this Circular, along with the Corporation’s responses.

The Board recommends that shareholders vote AGAINST each of the four shareholder
proposals for the reasons described in Appendix “D” to this Circular. Unless a proxy specifies
that the Shares it represents should be voted for any of the shareholder proposals, the person
named in the form of proxy or voting instruction form, as applicable intend to vote AGAINST
each of the proposals.

               HOW TO NOMINATE A DIRECTOR TO THE BOARD
               If you wish to nominate a director to the Board without using a shareholder proposal, you must notify the Corporate
               Secretary according to the timeline in the table below. Your written notice must be in the format described in our Advance
               notice by-law (By-Law No. 2014-1), which you can find on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com).


                                      If the first public announcement                   You must send notice of director nominees no
                                      of the meeting is made:                            later than:
                Annual meetings       More than 50 days before the meeting               30 days before the meeting (but not earlier than
                                                                                         65 days before the meeting)
                                      50 days or less before the meeting                 10 days after the first public announcement of
                                                                                         the meeting
                Special meetings                                                         15 days after the first public announcement of
                                                                                         the meeting
                Public announcement means disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service in Canada, or in a public
                document filed on SEDAR.




                                                                                                                                            16

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Nominees for election to the Board of Directors

This year the Board is proposing sixteen (16) directors for                                          ENTREPRENEURIAL
nomination to the Board (the “Director Nominees”). Each of them                                      BOARD
brings a range of skills and abilities, and as a group, they have
the right balance of business and senior leadership experience
and expertise to oversee our business and strategic direction.
                                                                                                     94%
                                                                                                     OF OUR DIRECTOR
                                                                                                     NOMINEES HAVE
                                                                                                     ENTREPRENEURIAL
                                                                                                     EXPERIENCE


Director Nominees profiles

The following section presents the profile of each our Director Nominees, including a description of his or her experience and
qualifications, principal occupation, participation on the Board (if applicable), number of Shares of the Corporation beneficially
owned, directly or indirectly, or over which control or direction is exercised, number of deferred share units (“DSUs”) of the
Corporation held, as well as other public company board memberships. Shares are valued at $51.15, the closing price of our Shares
on the Toronto Stock Exchange (“TSX”) on July 5, 2022;.
A more detailed description of each Director Nominee’s competencies is described in the skills matrix in the “Corporate Governance
Practices” section of this Circular.

    98.87%                                                                            98.40%                      56.25%
                                 61                       12 years
 Average 2021                                                                      Average Board               Independent
                             Average Age               Average tenure
  votes FOR                                                                         Attendance                   Directors




                                                                                                                            17

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                                    Alain Bouchard, O.C., O.Q.
                                    Founder and Executive Chairman, Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.
                                         •    Age: 73
                                         •    Not independent
                                         •    Director since: 1988
                                         •    2021 Voting Results: 98.76% in favour
                                         •    Fiscal 2022 meeting attendance: 100%

    Alain Bouchard has served as the Executive Chairman of Alimentation Couche-Tard since 2014, when he stepped down after 25 years as
    President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Bouchard opened his first convenience store in Québec in 1980 and founded the companies that
    grew into Alimentation Couche-Tard. He has over 45 years of experience in the retail industry and worked with his closest collaborators
    and all staff members to build Alimentation Couche-Tard into the business it is today. He is a member of the Board of Directors of CGI Inc.
    since 2013.
    Mr. Bouchard is a Member of the Order of Canada and an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec. He also has an honorary doctorate in
    Consumer Sciences from Université Laval in Québec City and an honorary doctorate in Laws from McGill University in Montréal. Mr.
    Bouchard has received many distinguished awards for business excellence and his outstanding professional achievements, including:
        ▪ Companion of the Order of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame
        ▪ Cercle des Grands entrepreneurs du Québec, a prestigious distinction awarded to exceptional entrepreneurs whose achievements,
          ideals and commitment have contributed to Québec’s entrepreneurial vitality and economic development (February 2018)
        ▪ International Horatio Alger Award, which recognizes people who have persevered through challenges to become successful
          entrepreneurs and community leaders, from the Horatio Alger Association (March 2017)
        ▪ Grand bâtisseur de l’économie du Québec from the Institute for governance (2014)
        ▪ T. Patrick Boyle Founder’s award from the Fraser Institute (2014)
        ▪ NACS Insight International Convenience Leader of the year (2014).
    Mr. Bouchard has been involved in an impressive number of fundraising campaigns and philanthropic activities. He and his wife
    established the Sandra and Alain Bouchard Foundation in 2012, which supports various causes associated with people living with
    intellectual disabilities as well as artistic and cultural projects. In 2015 Mr. Bouchard and his wife were named Exceptional philanthropist of
    the year by the Québec Chapter of the Association of Fundraising Professionals.
    Mr. Bouchard lives in Montréal, Québec, Canada.
    Committee memberships           Mr. Bouchard does not serve on any committees because he is a co-founder of the Corporation and
                                    Executive Chairman of the Board
    Other public company boards CGI Inc. (2013 - present)
    and committees
    Interlocking Relationships      None
                   1
    Securities held                    ▪ Class A Shares: 123,219,953
                                       ▪ Value of at risk holding: $6,302,700,596
                                    Mr. Bouchard meets his executive equity ownership requirement – see page 77 for details.
1
As an executive, Mr. Bouchard also earns Share Units and stock options – see page 66.




                                                                                                                                             18

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                                                                                (1)
                                    Louis Vachon, Lead Director
                                    Corporate Director
                                          •    Age: 59
                                          •    Independent
                                          •    Director since: 2021
                                          •    2021 Voting Results: 97.32% in favour
                                          •    Fiscal 2022 meeting attendance: 100%

Louis Vachon is a corporate director and Operating Partner at J.C. Flowers & Co. Previously, Mr. Vachon was President and Chief Executive
Officer of the National Bank of Canada from June 2007 to November 2021 and had previously worked at the Bank since 1996 where he
held a series of management positions, including Chief Operating Officer.
Mr. Vachon serves on the board of directors of Molson Coors Beverage Company since May 2012. He is also involved in a number of social
and cultural organizations.
Mr. Vachon has a bachelor’s degree in Economics from Bates College and a master’s degree in International Finance from Tufts’ Fletcher
School. He is also a Chartered Financial Analyst, CFA.
Mr. Vachon lives in Montréal, Québec, Canada. He was awarded an honorary doctorate by the University of Ottawa, Bishop’s University,
Ryerson University, and Concordia University. In 2014, he was named CEO of the Year by Canadian Business magazine, and Financial
Personality of the Year by the business publication Finance et Investissement in 2012 and 2014. Mr. Vachon received the Global Citizens
Award from the United Nations Association in Canada, is a Member of the Order of Canada and the Ordre de Montréal and has been an
Officer of the Ordre national du Québec since 2019 and was appointed Lieutenant-Colonel (H) of Les Fusiliers Mont-Royal.
Committee memberships               n/a
Other public company boards Molson Coors Beverage Company (May 2012 - present) - Chair of Finance Committee
and committees
Interlocking Relationships          None
Securities held                        ▪ Class A Shares: 5,000
                                       ▪ Deferred share units: 2,149
                                       ▪ Value of at risk holding: $365,671
                                    Mr. Vachon has until 2026 to meet his equity ownership requirement – see page 38 for details.

(1) Mr. Vachon was appointed Lead Director effective June 28, 2022.




                                                                                                                                    19

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                              Jean Bernier
                              Corporate Director
                                  •    Age: 65
                                  •    Independent
                                  •    Director since: 2019
                                  •    2021 Voting Results: 97.81% in favour
                                  •    Fiscal 2022 meeting attendance: 100%

Jean Bernier is a corporate director and has over 30 years of experience in the fuel, convenience store and grocery store sectors of
the retail industry. He joined Alimentation Couche-Tard on July 30, 2012 as Group President, Fuel Americas and Operations North
East, and served as Group President, Global Fuels and North-East Operations from March 15, 2016. He retired from the
Corporation effective April 30, 2018.
Mr. Bernier previously spent 15 years at Valero Energy Corporation, an international manufacturer and marketer of transportation
fuels and petrochemical products. He was Executive Vice President of Valero Energy Corporation from 2011 to 2012, responsible
for the overall operations of Ultramar Ltd, the company’s Canadian subsidiary, all of the US and Canadian retail operations as well
as the corporate functions of communications, supply chain management and information services. From 1997 to 2011 he held a
number of senior management positions with Ultramar Ltd. and served as President from 1999 to 2011, responsible for its overall
operations, and Vice-President, Retail Operations from 1997 to 1999. Prior to joining Ultramar Ltd., Mr. Bernier was with Provigo
Inc. for nine years and held a number of senior roles including Vice-President, Human Resources, Vice-President, Maxi, Provigo
Distribution, Inc. and Executive Vice-President and Chief Operating Officer, C. Corp. Inc.
Mr. Bernier has been a member of the board of C&E Seafood Canada LP, a private company, since 2018. He was a member of the
board of CrossAmerica Partners LP from 2017 to 2019. He is also a member of the board of the Montréal Economic Institute and
served on the board of the Canadian Fuels Association from 1999 to 2012, including the role of Chairman from 2007 to 2009.
Mr. Bernier lives in Westmount, Québec, Canada. He has a Master’s degree in Industrial Relations from the University of Waterloo
and a Bachelor’s degree from the Université de Montréal.
Committee memberships         None
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships    None
Securities held                 ▪ Class A Shares: 41,126
                                ▪ Deferred share units: 7,902
                                ▪ Value of at risk holding: $2,507,782
                              Mr. Bernier meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 38 for details.




                                                                                                                               20

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                                       Karinne Bouchard, CPA
                                       Corporate Director
                                             •    Age: 43
                                             •    Not Independent
                                             •    Director since: 2021
                                             •    2021 Voting Results: 98.33% in favour
                                                                                      (1)
                                             •    Fiscal 2022 meeting attendance: 75%


 Karinne Bouchard is a corporate director. She is a member of the board of directors of Stingray Group, Inc. since February 2021 where she
 also is a member of the Audit Committee. She is also a member of the Board of the Sandra and Alain Bouchard Foundation, a foundation
 dedicated to financially supporting organizations that work in the arts and culture sector, as well as organizations that provide support to
 people living with intellectual disability in order to enable people to reach their full potential. Previously, Ms. Bouchard was the global head
 of treasury and treasurer of Alimentation Couche-Tard from 2013 to 2021.
 Ms. Bouchard also sits on the board of directors of FitSpirit, a Québec-based not-for-profit whose mission is to get teenage girls to be
 physically active throughout their lives by providing the necessary tools and resources to schools with girls 12 to 17 years old. Ms.
 Bouchard also sits on the board of directors of the CQCD. The CQCD is an association representing the vast majority of retail and
 distribution companies in Québec. Its mission is to represent, promote and enhance this sector as well as to develop resources to foster
 advancement for its members.
 Ms. Bouchard lives in Montréal, Québec, Canada. She is a graduate with distinction of McGill University, and has a Bachelor's degree in
 Finance. She also holds a master's degree in finance from the University of Sherbrooke, a Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA)
 certification, and an administrator accreditation of the Institute of Corporate Directors (ICD.D).
 Committee memberships                 n/a
 Other public company boards Stingray Group Inc. (February 2021 – present) – member of the Audit Committee
 and committees
 Interlocking Relationships            Ms. Bouchard sits on the Board of directors of Stingray Group Inc. alongside Mr. Boyko
 Securities held                          ▪ Class A Shares: 24,022
                                          ▪ Deferred shares units: 1,075
                                          ▪ Value of at risk holding: $1,283,712
                                       Ms. Bouchard meets her equity ownership requirement – see page 38 for details.
1.
     Ms. Bouchard was travelling and as a result she was absent from the special meeting of the Board on January 31, 2022.




                                                                                                                                           21

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                               Eric Boyko, CPA
                               President, Chief Executive Officer and co-founder,
                               Stingray Group Inc.
                                   •    Age: 52
                                   •    Independent
                                   •    Director since: 2017
                                   •    2021 Voting Results: 99.66% in favour
                                   •    Fiscal 2022 meeting attendance: 100%
Eric Boyko is a global entrepreneur who has nearly two decades of experience with start-ups and extensive expertise in early stage
business innovations. He co-founded Stingray Group Inc. and has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since 2010. Mr. Boyko
founded and was President of eFundraising.com, an e-commerce success story that became a leading player in the North American
fundraising industry. Mr. Boyko was named one of Canada’s Top 40 Under 40 in 2006.
Mr. Boyko’s passion for extreme sports and world travel fuels his drive for business excellence. He serves on the board of directors of
Stingray Group Inc. and is an active participant in many philanthropic endeavours and is a member of the Montréal Canadiens Children’s
Foundation’s board of directors.
Mr. Boyko lives in Montréal, Québec, Canada. He is a graduate with great distinction of McGill University, and has a Bachelor of Commerce
with a specialization in accounting and entrepreneurship. Mr. Boyko became a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) in 1997.
Committee memberships          Audit Committee (chair)
Other public company boards Stingray Group Inc. (2007 – present)
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     Mr. Boyko sits on the Board of directors of Stingray Group Inc. alongside Ms. Bouchard
Securities held                  ▪ Class A Shares: 33,300
                                 ▪ Deferred share units: 19,052
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $2,677,805
                               Mr. Boyko meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 38 for details.




                                                                                                                                   22

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                                Jacques D'Amours
                                Co-founder, Corporate Director
                                     •    Age: 65
                                     •    Not Independent
                                     •    Director since: 1988
                                     •    2021 Voting Results: 98.78% in favour
                                     •    Fiscal 2022 meeting attendance: 100%

Jacques D’Amours joined the Corporation as a co-founder in 1980 and worked with his closest collaborators and all staff members to build
Alimentation Couche-Tard into the business it is today.
He served in a variety of roles during his 34-year career, including Manager of Technical Services, Vice-President of Sales and Vice-President
of Administration and Operations. Mr. D’Amours retired from the Corporation in 2014.
Mr. D’Amours lives in Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville, Québec, Canada.
Committee memberships           Mr. D’Amours does not serve on a committee because he is a co-founder of the Corporation
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships      None
Securities held                   ▪ Class A Shares: 60,678,478
                                  ▪ Deferred share units: 26,856
                                  ▪ Value of at risk holding: $3,105,077,834
                                Mr. D’Amours meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 38 for details.




                                                                                                                                        23

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                               Janice L. Fields
                               Corporate Director
                                   •    Age: 66
                                   •    Independent
                                   •    Director since: 2020
                                   •    2021 Voting Results: 99.91% in favour
                                   •    Fiscal 2022 meeting attendance: 100%


Janice L. Fields has served as President of McDonald’s USA, LLC, a subsidiary of McDonald’s Corporation, a fast food chain operator and
franchiser, from 2010 until her retirement in 2012.
Ms. Fields has broad operational, financial and leadership experience from her long-standing career in the food industry, with particular
expertise related to marketing, strategic planning, risk management, production, and human resources. During her over 35-year career at
McDonald's, she held numerous roles, from starting as a crew member to holding several executive positions within McDonald’s USA,
including as U.S. Division President for the Central Division from 2003 through 2006 and Executive Vice President and Chief Operating
Officer from 2006 through 2010, when she was named President.
Additionally, Ms. Fields serves on the board of directors of Chico’s FAS since 2013, as well as the chair of its Corporate Governance and
Nominating Committee since 2014, and on the board of directors of Welbilt Inc. where she is also a member of the Nominating and
Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee. Previously, she has served on the board of directors of Monsanto Corporation
and Buffalo Wild Wings. She is also a member of the global board of directors of the Ronald McDonald House Charities Global Brand since
2012.
Ms. Fields has been named to Forbes’ list of the World’s 100 Most Powerful Women and to Fortune’s 50 Most Powerful Women in Business
list. Ms. Fields lives in Naples, Florida, United States.
Committee memberships          Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
Other public company boards Chico’s FAS, Inc. (2013 – present) – chair of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
and committees              Welbilt Inc. (2018 – present) – member of the Nominating and Governance Committee, member of the
                            Compensation Committee
Interlocking Relationships     None
Securities held                  ▪ Class A Shares: nil
                                 ▪ Deferred share units: 6,021
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $307,974
                               Ms. Fields has until 2025 to meet her equity ownership requirement – see page 38 for details




                                                                                                                                   24

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                                Eric Fortin
                                President of Kastellō Immobilier Inc.
                                     •    Age: 50
                                     •    Not Independent
                                     •    Director since: 2021
                                     •    2021 Voting Results: n/a
                                     •    Fiscal 2022 meeting attendance: 100%

Eric Fortin is President of Kastellō Immobilier Inc. an investment firm focusing mainly on residential real estate in Québec, since 2018. Mr.
Fortin has more than 25 years of experience in business management, including 13 years with Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc., where he
started has a store manager from 1995-1997, then he became Market Manager from 1997-2000. Afterward, he was appointed to the
position of Director of Operations from 2000 to 2007 and finally held the position of Director of Merchandising from 2007 to 2008.
Additionally, Mr. Fortin has owned and managed several businesses throughout his career.
Mr. Fortin volunteers as a member of the Board of Directors and is treasurer at Maison La Source Bleue, a non-profit organization
providing free end-of-life care to adults with cancer or terminal illness, since 2015. Additionally, Mr. Fortin has been a member of the Board
of Directors of la Fondation de l’Hôpital Charles-Lemoyne since 2018 and he also serves as copresident of the virtual auction of La Cave à
vin des philanthropes which raises funds for youth mental health.
Mr. Fortin lives in Longueuil, Québec, Canada. He is a graduate of McGill University, and has a Bachelor of Commerce degree in Marketing.
Committee memberships           None
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships      None
Securities held                   ▪ Class A Shares: 313,597
                                  ▪ Deferred share units: 1,340
                                  ▪ Value of at risk holding: $16,109,028
                                Mr. Eric Fortin meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 38 for details




                                                                                                                                        25

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                               Richard Fortin
                               Co-founder, Corporate Director
                                    •    Age: 73
                                    •    Not Independent
                                    •    Director since: 1988
                                    •    2021 Voting Results: 98.76% in favour
                                    •    Fiscal 2022 meeting attendance: 100%

Richard Fortin is a co-founder and served as Chairman of the Board from 2008 to 2011. He joined the Corporation in 1984 and retired as
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer in 2008. Before joining Alimentation Couche-Tard, he spent 13 years at several major
financial institutions and was Vice-President of Québec for a Canadian bank wholly owned by Société Générale (France).
Mr. Fortin served on the board of Transcontinental Inc. from 2004 to 2018 and was Lead Director and Chairman of its Audit Committee,
and on National Bank of Canada’s board from 2013 to 2018 as Chairman of the Risk Management Committee and member of its Audit
Committee. Mr. Fortin also served on the board of Rona Inc. from 2009 to 2013, and on the board of National Bank Life Insurance
Company from 2005 to 2018 and was Chairman of its Audit Committee from 2013 to 2018.
Mr. Fortin lives in Boucherville, Québec, Canada. He has a Bachelor of Arts in management with a major in finance from Université Laval in
Québec City.
Committee memberships          Mr. Fortin does not serve on a committee because he is a co-founder of the Corporation
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     None
Securities held                  ▪ Class A Shares: 31,840,149
                                 ▪ Deferred share units: 55,078
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $1,631,440,861
                               Mr. Fortin meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 38 for details.




                                                                                                                                    26

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                                   Brian Hannasch
                                   President and CEO, Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.
                                         •    Age: 55
                                         •    Not Independent
                                         •    Director since: 2014
                                         •    2021 Voting Results: 99.68% in favour
                                         •    Fiscal 2022 meeting attendance: 100%

    Brian Hannasch is President and Chief Executive Officer of Alimentation Couche-Tard since 2014 and served as its Chief Operating Officer
    from 2010 to 2014. Under his leadership, the Corporation has grown to be the largest company in Canada in terms of revenue and one of
    the largest convenience store groups in the world.
    He joined the Corporation in 2001 as Vice President Operations, U.S. Midwest, and has also served as Senior Vice-President, U.S.
    Operations (2008 to 2010), Senior Vice President, Western North America (2004 to 2008), Vice-President, Integration (2003 to 2004), where
    he was responsible for all aspects of U.S. operations.
    Mr. Hannasch was Vice President of Operations for Bigfoot Food Stores LLC, a 225-unit convenience store chain in the U.S. Midwest
    acquired by Alimentation Couche-Tard in 2001. Prior to that, he was at BP Amoco from 1989 to 2000, and held various positions of
    increasing responsibility including Vice-President of Marketing for the U.S. Midwest Business Unit.
    In 2022, Mr. Hannasch was inducted into the Convenience Store News Hall of Fame. Mr. Hannasch was named 2021 Retail Leader of the
    Year by Winsight Media and 2019 Retailer Executive of the Year by Convenience Store News’ blue-chip panel of c-store industry leaders. He
    was also named CEO of the year by The Globe and Mail in 2016. He has been a member of the board of directors of the Association for
    Convenience & Fuel Retailing (NACS) since 2016 and a member of the board of directors of AutoZone, Inc. since February 2022.
    Mr. Hannasch lives in Columbus, Indiana, United States. He has a Master of Business Administration in marketing and finance from the
    University of Chicago and a Bachelor of Arts in finance from Iowa State University.
    Committee memberships          Mr. Hannasch does not serve on any committees because he is the Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer
    Other public company boards AutoZone, Inc. (2022 - present) - member of the Compensation Committee
    and committees
    Interlocking Relationships     None
                  (1)
    Securities held                   ▪ Class A Shares: 921,956
                                      ▪ Value of at risk holding: $47,158,049
                                   Mr. Hannasch meets his executive equity ownership requirement – see page 77 for details.
1
As an executive, Mr. Hannasch also earns Share Units and stock options – see page 66.




                                                                                                                                       27

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                              Melanie Kau
                              Entrepreneur
                                   •   Age: 60
                                   •   Independent
                                   •   Director since: 2006
                                   •   2021 Voting Results: 97.48% in favour
                                   •   Fiscal 2022 meeting attendance: 100%

Melanie Kau is a seasoned retailer and corporate director with more than 30 years of experience in creating customer connections.
As a retailer she led Naturiste, a 67-store chain of natural supplements and vitamins, to renewed profitability. As President of
Mobilia, the largest independent furniture retailer in Eastern Canada, she focused on building the brand and growing the retail
network to its current size, with stores in Québec and Ontario.
Ms. Kau is a member of the board of directors of Aéroports de Montréal where she chairs its Governance and Human Resources
Committee. She also serves on the board of a private company that is building a network of fertility clinics in North America, where
she is the board representative for Ovo Fertility.
Ms. Kau is passionate about entrepreneurship. She serves as Governor of the Young Chamber of Commerce, where she mentors
up-and-coming entrepreneurs. She has received several accolades for her business acumen and entrepreneurship, including
Canada’s Top 40 under 40 and the John Molson School of Business Award of Distinction.
Ms. Kau lives in Westmount, Québec, Canada. She has a Master of Business Administration from Concordia and a Master of
Journalism from Northwestern University.
Committee memberships         Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee (chair)
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships    None
Securities held                 ▪ Class A Shares: nil
                                ▪ Deferred share units: 158,070
                                ▪ Value of at risk holding: $8,085,281
                              Ms. Kau meets her equity ownership requirement – see page 38 for details.




                                                                                                                               28

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                                Marie-Josée Lamothe
                                President, Tandem International
                                     •   Age: 54
                                     •   Independent
                                     •   Director since: 2019
                                     •   2021 Voting Results: 99.91% in favour
                                     •   Fiscal 2022 meeting attendance: 100%

Marie-Josée Lamothe has over 25 years of experience in the competitive digital and consumer products world (Google, L’Oréal, Procter &
Gamble). She is best noted for her expertise in Global Branding and Digital Transformation. She is the President of Tandem International,
an advisory firm specialized in omnichannel scalability since August 2018.
Mrs. Lamothe is also a Professor of Practice at McGill University (Desautels Business Faculty) and the Director of McGill’s Dobson Center for
Entrepreneurship whose mission is to transform the university’s innovation into viable startups led by global entrepreneurs.
From 2014 to 2018, she acted as Managing Director at Google Canada, where she oversaw the go-to-market practices for 14 industries.
From 2002 to 2014, she held several executive positions at L’Oréal, including International Marketing Director in France, and Chief
Marketing Officer and Chief Corporate Communications Officer in Canada.
Ms. Lamothe serves on the boards of Lightspeed Commerce, the Desjardins Group and Riocan Real Estate Investment Trust, and was a
board member of The Jean Coutu Group (PJC) Inc. from July 2016 until the privatization of the company in May 2018. In recent years, she
has been appointed by the Treasury Board of Canada to the Audit Committee for Ministries such as Employment and Social Development
Canada (ESDC) and Canadian Border Services Agency (CBSA), and was nominated by the Canadian Revenue Agency (CRA) Commissioner to
its external advisory panel. Ms. Lamothe was appointed to the 2017 Advisory Council on Economy and Innovation for the Government of
Québec and was a Member of Canada 150 Research Chairs Multidisciplinary Review Panel which aims to award research chair positions to
Canadian universities and enhance Canada’s reputation as a global center for science, research and innovation excellence.
Ms. Lamothe has been awarded the Desautels Achievement award by McGill University, which recognizes individuals who serve as role
models for students in their education, career, and philanthropic contributions. She received an honoree diploma from the Université de
Montréal for her contribution to the advancement of our society. Ms. Lamothe was named one of the Top 10 women in tech in Canada by
Boardlist, one of Canada’s Marketers of the Year by Strategy magazine. InfoPresse nominated her as a personality of the year in Québec,
she was recognized among Canada's Top 100 Most Powerful Women in the Financial Post, and Canada's Marketers of the Year by Strategy
Magazine and Forbes Magazine and Social Media Magazine (US) recognized her among Top Marketing Minds To Follow on social media in
North America, Canadian Business magazine nominated her among Canada’s 40 Global Leaders.
Ms. Lamothe lives in Montréal, Québec, Canada. She is a graduate of the Université de Montréal with degrees in Mathematics and
Economics with honours, and from INSEAD's L’Oréal’s Executive Management program, with a certification from MIT Sloan & MIT CSAIL
Artificial Intelligence: AI Implications for Business Strategy (2020), a Certification from Said Business School from Oxford University in
Cybersecurity for Business Leaders (2021), and a Certification from NASBA (National Association of State Boards of Accountancy) in
Assessing Cybersecurity Risks (2021).
Committee memberships           Audit Committee
Other public company boards Lightspeed Commerce (2018 - present) – chair of the Compensation, Governance and Nomination
and committees              Committee, and member of the Risk Committee
                            Desjardins Group (2019 – present) – member of the Risk Management Committee
                            Riocan Real Estate Investment Trust (2022 - present)
Interlocking Relationships  None
Securities held                   ▪ Class A Shares: 12,910
                                  ▪ Deferred share units: 9,479
                                  ▪ Value of at risk holding: $1,145,197
                                Ms. Lamothe meets her equity ownership requirement – see page – see page 38 for details.




                                                                                                                                       29

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                              Monique F. Leroux, C.M., O.Q., FCPA
                              Corporate Director
                                   •    Age: 67
                                   •    Independent
                                   •    Director since: 2015
                                   •    2021 Voting Results: 99.75% in favour
                                   •    Fiscal 2022 meeting attendance: 100%

Monique Leroux is a corporate director and has extensive business experience. From 2008 to 2016, Ms. Leroux was the Chair of the board
of directors and Chief Executive Officer of Desjardins Group. From 2016 to 2020, Ms. Leroux was the Chair of the board of Investissement
Québec. She serves as an independent director on the boards of BCE/Bell and Michelin Group. She also serves as a non executive senior
advisor at Fiera Capital Corporation. In 2020, she has also been appointed as chair of the Industry Strategy Council of Canada and is a
member of the G7 Impact Task Force representing Canada.
Ms. Leroux is a Member of the Order of Canada, an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec, a Chevalier of the Légion d’Honneur (France)
and a Companion of the Order of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame and the Investment Industry Hall of Fame. She has also received the
Woodrow Wilson Award (United States), the Outstanding Achievement Award from the Québec CPA Order and the Institute of Corporate
Directors Fellowship Award.
Ms. Leroux gives her time and support to several not-for-profit organizations. She was appointed to the Canada-United States Council for
Advancement of Women Entrepreneurs and Business Leaders and is a member of the board of the Université de Sherbrooke and the
Montréal Symphony Orchestra.
Ms. Leroux lives in Outremont, Québec, Canada. She has honorary doctorates from ten Canadian universities.
Committee memberships         Audit Committee
Other public company boards BCE/Bell (2016 - present) – chair of the Governance and Nominating Committee and member of the Audit
and committees              Committee
                            Michelin Group (2015 - present) – Chair of the ESG Committee and member of the Audit Committee

Interlocking Relationships    None
Securities held                  ▪ Class A Shares: 2,500
                                 ▪ Deferred share units: 25,111
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $1,412,303
                              Ms. Leroux meets her equity ownership requirement – see page 38 for details.




                                                                                                                                  30

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                               Réal Plourde
                               Co-founder, Corporate Director
                                    •   Age: 71
                                    •   Not Independent
                                    •   Director since: 1988
                                    •   2021 Voting Results: 98.76% in favour
                                    •   Fiscal 2022 meeting attendance: 100%

Réal Plourde was Chairman of the Board from 2011 to 2014. He joined the Corporation in 1984 and served in a variety of roles until his
retirement in 2011, including Executive Vice-President from 2010 until his retirement in 2011, Chief Operating Officer, Vice-President of
Development, Sales and Operations, and Manager of Technical Services. Mr. Plourde began his career working on various engineering
projects in Canada and Africa.
Mr. Plourde is chairman of the board of directors of CIMA+ and serves on its Audit Committee.
Mr. Plourde and his wife, Ariane Riou, are recipients of the Lieutenant Governor’s Seniors Medal (February 2018), for their sustained
community-based volunteer work, especially at the Palliative Care Home in Laval.
Mr. Plourde lives in Westmount, Québec, Canada. He has a Master of Business Administration from the École des Hautes Études
Commerciales in Montréal, an engineering degree in applied sciences from Université Laval in Québec City, and is a member of the Ordre
des Ingénieurs du Québec.

Committee memberships          Mr. Plourde does not serve on a committee because he is a co-founder of the Corporation
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     None
Securities held                  ▪ Class A Shares: 21,382,205
                                 ▪ Deferred share units: 26,774
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $1,095,069,276
                               Mr. Plourde meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 38 for details.




                                                                                                                                   31

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                              Daniel Rabinowicz
                              Corporate Director
                                   •    Age: 71
                                   •    Independent
                                   •    Director since: 2013
                                   •    2021 Voting Results: 99.12% in favour
                                   •    Fiscal 2022 meeting attendance: 100%

Daniel Rabinowicz is an independent marketing and business consultant. He was President of TAXI Montréal, an advertising agency, from
2004 to 2008, and then President of TAXI’s New York office until his retirement in 2009. Prior to that he was at Cossette Communication
Group, where he rose to become President of Cossette Montréal and Co-President of Cossette Toronto. Mr. Rabinowicz started his career
in advertising with Vickers & Benson in 1975 and acquired experience as a brand manager at Catelli Ltd. before joining Cossette
Communication Group in 1985 as Director, Strategic Planning.
Mr. Rabinowicz is a member of the board of directors of Reitmans (Canada) Limited where he is Chairman of the Board and serves on the
Strategic Planning Committee. He is also a director of Wafu Inc. and the Montréal Holocaust Museum. Mr. Rabinowicz is the founder and
former President of Bénévolat d’entraide aux communicateurs, a non-profit organization that helps professionals in the communications
industry deal with their personal, professional or financial problems, and remains on the organization’s management committee.
Mr. Rabinowicz lives in Saint-Lambert, Québec, Canada. He has a Master of Business Administration and a Bachelor of Arts from McGill
University.

Committee memberships         Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
Other public company boards Reitmans (Canada) Limited (2012 - present) – Chairman and member of the Strategic Planning Committee
and committees
Interlocking Relationships    None
Securities held                  ▪ Class A Shares: 13,147
                                 ▪ Deferred share units: 20,068
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $1,698,947
                              Mr. Rabinowicz meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 38 for details.




                                                                                                                                 32

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                               Louis Têtu
                               Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Coveo Solutions Inc.
                                    •    Age: 58
                                    •    Independent
                                    •    Director since: 2019
                                    •    2021 Voting Results: 99.12% in favour
                                    •    Fiscal 2022 meeting attendance: 100%

Louis Têtu is an award-winning entrepreneur and business executive with 30 years of experience in international technology businesses.
Mr. Têtu is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Coveo Solutions Inc., (TSX: CVO), a global provider of artificial intelligence powered
business solutions for ecommerce, customer service and workplace applications. Prior to Coveo, Mr. Têtu co-founded Taleo Corporation, a
leading international provider of cloud software for talent and human capital management, listed on NASDAQ in 2005 and subsequently
acquired by Oracle for US$1.9 billion in 2012. Mr. Têtu was Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors from the
company’s inception in 1999 through 2007.
Prior to Taleo, Mr. Têtu was President of Baan SCS, the supply-chain management solutions group of Baan, a global enterprise software
company. This followed Baan’s acquisition of Berclain Group inc., which he co-founded in 1989 and where he served as President until
1996.
Mr. Têtu serves on the board of PetalMD, a leading cloud applications provider in the medical sector and previously served on the board of
Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services inc. Mr. Têtu is involved in private equity across multiple business sectors.
In 1997 Mr. Têtu was honoured by Université Laval for his social contributions and business achievements. He has twice received the
Regional Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year award and was a National winner in 2021.
Mr. Têtu lives in Québec City, Québec, Canada. He is an Engineering graduate from Université Laval in Québec City and a commercially
licensed helicopter pilot.
Committee memberships          Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
Other public company boards Coveo Solutions Inc. (2008 - present) - Chairman
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     None
Securities held                  ▪ Class A Shares: 26,114
                                 ▪ Deferred share units: 9,193
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $1,805,953
                               Mr. Têtu meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 38 for details




                                                                                                                                    33

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Attributes of our Directors

Meeting attendance
Board and Committee meetings are called and held as described in our by-laws. Directors are expected to attend all meetings. The
following table summarizes the attendance of the Directors and Committee members of the Board for the period from April 26,
2021 to April 24, 2022:

                                                                                                                 Committee meetings
                                                                                                                  Special Committee
                                                                                     Human Resources and              of the Board -              Total 2022
                                               Board meetings              Audit     Corporate Governance           Special Buyback              attendance
                            (1)
         Alain Bouchard                            7 of 7 (100%)                 –                          –                                –         100%
         Mélanie Kau                               8 of 8 (100%)                 –               4 of 4 (100%)                               –         100%
         Jean Bernier                              8 of 8 (100%)                 –                          –                                –         100%
                                  (1)(2)
         Karinne Bouchard                            3 of 4 (75%)                –                          –                                –          75%
         Eric Boyko                                8 of 8 (100%)    5 of 5 (100%)                           –              3 of 3 (100%)               100%
         Jacques D’Amours                          8 of 8 (100%)                 –                          –                                –         100%
         Janice L. Fields                          8 of 8 (100%)                 –                          –                                –         100%
         Eric Fortin                               2 of 2 (100%)                 –                          –                                –         100%
         Richard Fortin                            8 of 8 (100%)                 –                          –                                –         100%
         Brian Hannasch                            8 of 8 (100%)                 –                          –                                –         100%
         Marie-Josée Lamothe                       8 of 8 (100%)    5 of 5 (100%)                           –              3 of 3 (100%)               100%
         Monique F. Leroux                         8 of 8 (100%)    5 of 5 (100%)                           –              3 of 3 (100%)               100%
         Réal Plourde                              8 of 8 (100%)                 –                          –                                –         100%
         Daniel Rabinowicz                         8 of 8 (100%)                 –               4 of 4 (100%)                               –         100%
         Louis Têtu                                8 of 8 (100%)                 –               4 of 4 (100%)                               –         100%
         Louis Vachon                              5 of 5 (100%)                                                                                       100%
     1
      Mr. Bouchard and Ms. Bouchard did not participate at the special Board meeting that was called to discuss the special buyback due to a conflict of
     interest.
     2
      Ms. Bouchard was travelling and as a result she was absent from the special meeting of the Board on January 31, 2022.


Building a balanced Board
We believe that a diverse mix of director profiles is critical to a well-functioning Board, and an important aspect of good corporate
governance. A wide variety of perspectives promotes active discussion and increases the likelihood that proposed solutions are
balanced and comprehensive and in the best interest of the Corporation and its stakeholders.
The graphs below are snapshots of the diversity of this year’s Director Nominees. You will find information about each Director
Nominee in their profiles in the previous section, and more about our corporate governance practices relating to our Board
composition, nomination and assessment starting on page 41.


                              INDEPENDENCE                                      GENDER                                     TENURE
                                           independent                         men       women                               0 to 5 years
                                           not independent                                                                   10+ years
                                                                                                                             5 to 10 years




                                                                           5                                           12.5%

                             7

                                                         9                                                                              50%

                                                                                         11                        37.5%




                                                                                                                                                               34

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Independence
The Board includes 56% independent directors. To ensure the Board functions independently, we have a Lead Director who meets
with the independent directors in camera at every Board meeting.
Four of the Director Nominees, including the Founders and Executive Chairman, are not independent because they are co-founders
of the Corporation. Mr. Hannasch is not independent because he is our President and Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), Ms. Bouchard
is not independent because she is the daughter of Mr. Alain Bouchard, and Mr. Eric Fortin is not independent because he is the son
of Mr. Richard Fortin.
The remaining nine Director Nominees are independent, within the meaning of the CSA Audit Committee Rules in that each of them
has no direct or indirect material relationship with the Corporation and, in the reasonable opinion of the Board, are independent
under the applicable laws, regulations and listing requirements to which the Corporation is subject.
The following table sets forth the relationship of the Director Nominees:

      Name                  Independent        Not Independent Reason for Non-Independence

      Alain Bouchard
                                                       ü                    Mr. Bouchard is one of the co-founders of the Corporation

      Mélanie Kau
                                    ü
      Jean Bernier
                                    ü
      Karinne Bouchard
                                                       ü                          Ms. Bouchard is the daughter of Mr. Alain Bouchard

      Eric Boyko
                                    ü
      Jacques D’Amours
                                                       ü                    Mr. D’Amours is one of the co-founders of the Corporation

      Janice L. Fields
                                    ü
      Eric Fortin
                                                       ü                                     Mr. Fortin is the son of Mr. Richard Fortin

      Richard Fortin
                                                       ü                       Mr. Fortin is one of the co-founders of the Corporation

      Brian Hannasch
                                                       ü                    Mr. Hannasch is the President and CEO of the Corporation

      Marie-Josée Lamothe
                                    ü
      Monique F. Leroux
                                    ü
      Réal Plourde
                                                       ü                      Mr. Plourde is one of the co-founders of the Corporation

      Daniel Rabinowicz
                                    ü
      Louis Têtu
                                    ü
      Louis Vachon
                                    ü




                                                                                                                                           35

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Other information about the Director Nominees

To the knowledge of the directors of Couche-Tard and according to information provided to us, other than as disclosed below, none
of the Director Nominees, and regarding item (iii) below, a significant shareholder, are at the date of this Circular or have been,
within the last ten years, a director, chief executive officer or chief financial officer or, regarding item (iii) below, an executive officer
of a company which, while the person was acting in this capacity:
(i)      was the subject of a cease trade or similar order or an order that denied the relevant company access to any exemption
         under securities legislation, for a period of more than 30 consecutive days;
(ii)     was, after the director or executive officer ceased to be a director or executive officer, the subject of a cease trade or
         similar order or an order that denied the relevant company access to any exemption under securities legislation, for a
         period of more than 30 consecutive days as a result of an event which occurred while the director or executive officers was
         acting in this capacity; or
(iii)    within a year of that person ceasing to act in that capacity, became bankrupt, made a proposal under any legislation
         relating to bankruptcy or insolvency or was subject to or instituted any proceedings, arrangement or compromise with
         creditors or had a receiver, receiver manager or trustee appointed to hold its assets.

Mr. Richard Fortin and Mr. Eric Fortin were directors of Les Jardins Val-Mont Inc. ("Val-Mont") from 2009 until August 6, 2015. On
July 8, 2016, Val-Mont filed a proposal under the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), which was approved by the Court on
September 8, 2016.

Mr. Boyko was a director of Bouclair Inc., from December 10, 2014 to June 1, 2020. On November 11, 2019, Bouclair Inc., and
Bouclair International Inc., (“Bouclair”) each filed a notice of intention to make a proposal to its creditors under the Bankruptcy and
Insolvency Act (Canada). On May 11, 2020, Bouclair filed a proposal to their creditors with the Office of the Superintendent of
Bankruptcy of Canada and on May 22, 2020, the Québec Superior Court rendered an order granting a motion approving a
transaction between Bouclair as vendors, and Alston Investments Inc., as purchaser. On July 17, 2020, the Québec Superior Court
rendered an order appointing Deloitte Restructuring Inc. Receiver under Section 243 of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act. On
August 12, 2020, the Québec Superior Court sanctioned the amended proposal of Bouclair.

Ms. Lamothe was a director of Reitmans (Canada) Limited (“Reitmans”) until August 30, 2019 as well as a director of Aldo Group Inc.,
(“Aldo”) until December 31, 2019. In 2020, given the impact of Covid on the retail industry, Reitmans and Aldo sought protection
from their creditors under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (CCAA) on May 19, 2020 and May 6, 2020, respectively. On
January 4, 2022 Reitmans obtained a sanction order from the Quebec Superior Court for the distribution of a settlement amount to
Reitmans' creditors.

Mr. Rabinowicz is currently Chairman of the Board of Reitmans where he is a member of the Strategic Planning Committee.
Reitmans voluntarily filed for creditor protection from bankruptcy under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (CCAA) on May
6, 2020 and on January 4, 2022 Reitmans obtained a sanction order from the Quebec Superior Court for the distribution of a
settlement amount to Reitmans' creditors.

Loans to directors and officers
We can grant loans to our directors, officers and other employees in the regular course of business as long as the loans comply with
legal and regulatory requirements and are on market terms. As at July 5, 2022 there were no loans outstanding.




                                                                                                                                        36

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Director Compensation
The Corporation’s director compensation program is designed (i) to attract and retain the most qualified individuals to serve on the
Board of Directors and its committees, (ii) to align the interests of the directors with the long-term interests of the Corporation’s
shareholders, and (iii) to provide appropriate compensation for the risks and responsibilities related to being an effective director.



Our Director Compensation Policy

The following was our director compensation policy for fiscal 2022:
  ▪ directors who are employed by the Corporation (the “Executive Directors”) do not receive director compensation;
  ▪ at least 50% of the annual Board retainer fee is paid in Deferred Share Units (“DSUs”);
  ▪ directors who are not otherwise employed by the Corporation (the “Non-Executive Directors”) can choose to have up to 100%
    of their compensation paid in DSUs;
  ▪ Non-Executive Directors must hold at least four times their annual retainer in shares or DSUs, and have five years from their
    election to the Board to meet this requirement;
  ▪ the Corporation does not grant stock options to Non-Executive Directors.

Oversight and Benchmarking
The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee (the “HRCG Committee”) is mandated by the Board to review the
Non-Executive Directors compensation and to make recommendations to the Board in order to ensure that such compensation is
established in an equitable manner taking into account the responsibilities and risks associated with the performance of director
duties. In connection with this review, the HRCG Committee regularly retains an outside compensation consultant to benchmark the
Corporation’s Non-Executive Directors’ compensation against the median of compensation from a peer group of companies in the
retail and food manufacturing industries. The companies in the peer group all have North American operations, annual revenues
from US$6 to US$138 billion, a market capitalization from US$8 to US$111 billion, and all are in similar or related industries – food
retail, general merchandising, oil and gas refining and marketing, or restaurants. You can read more about our peer compensation
group and how we benchmark executive compensation on page 75.
Based on the results of the benchmarking review, the HRCG Committee then recommends to the Board any adjustments to the
Non-Executive Directors’ compensation that may be necessary or appropriate to achieve the objectives of the Corporation’s director
compensation program.
In fiscal 2020, based on a report prepared by our outside compensation consultant, namely, Willis Towers Watson's report, the
HRCG Committee recommended to the Board to eliminate the meeting fees from the compensation structure, as it is a declining
trend in the market, and to adopt a flat fee yearly compensation approach for its Non-Executive Directors. In conjunction with these
changes to the compensation structure, in fiscal 2021 the Board retainer was increased by an amount of $70,000 to be paid over a
two-year period (allowing for up to 50% cash, 50% DSUs). In fiscal 2022, the Board retainer fee therefore increased from $145,000
to $180,000, the Lead Director additional retainer remained at $35,000, the Committee Chair additional retainer remained at
$33,000, and the Committee member retainer remained at $13,000 respectively.


Annual Retainers                                                                                      EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS DO
                                                                                                       NOT RECEIVE DIRECTOR
The table below shows the annual retainer fees payable to the Corporation’s Non-Executive                 COMPENSATION
Directors in fiscal 2022:                                                                               Alain Bouchard does not
Fiscal 2022                                                           Board Retainer                 receive director compensation
Director Position                                                           $180,000
                                                                                                     because he is compensated in
                                                                                                        his role as Founder and
Lead Director Position                                                      $215,000
                                                                                                          Executive Chairman.
Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee Chair
Retainer                                                                    $213,000                    Brian Hannasch does not
                                                                                                     receive director compensation
Audit Committee Chair Retainer                                              $213,000
                                                                                                     because he is compensated in
Committee Member Retainer                                                   $193,000
                                                                                                     his role as President and Chief
                                                                                                            Executive Officer.




                                                                                                                                37

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Deferred Share Unit Plan

The Corporation has adopted a DSU plan (the “DSUP”) which enables Non-Executive Directors, among others, to align their
economic interests with those of the Corporation’s shareholders and to assist them in meeting the requirements set forth in the
Corporation’s Shareholding Guidelines.
Unless otherwise determined, DSUs vest immediately upon being granted. However, no Director who is a holder of DSUs has any
right to receive any payment under the DSUP until he or she ceases to be an Eligible Director (and is not at that time an employee of
the Corporation) including by death, disability, retirement or resignation. Eligible Directors receive at least 50% of their
compensation in DSUs, the exact number of which is calculated using the Market Value of the Class A Shares at the time of the
grant. DSUs can only be redeemed for cash and the dollar amount is calculated using the market value of the Class A Shares on the
payment date.
Detailed information on the DSU Plan is included in Appendix “C” of this Circular.


Non-Executive Directors' minimum equity ownership
requirements

Pursuant to the Corporation’s Shareholding Guidelines, directors are required to establish, over a period of five years, ownership of
an amount of Shares and/or DSUs which is equivalent in value to four times the annual Board retainer, and subsequently maintain
such minimum ownership position for the duration of his or her tenure as a director. Following the implementation of changes to
the Non-Executive Directors compensation effective in fiscal 2021, the total value of a Non-Executive Director’s Shares and/or DSUs
was increased to at least $720,000.
The following table shows the total number of Class A Shares, as well as DSUs owned by each Non-Executive Director as at April 24,
2022. The total value held by each Non-Executive Director has been calculated using $56.68, the closing price on the TSX of the Class
A Shares on April 22, 2022, the last trading day of fiscal 2022.

                                                                                                                   Date by which the
                                                                                Total value as Meets ownership        ownership
                                                       Class A           (1)   at April 24, 2022 requirement     requirement must be
                                                                     DSUs
                                                       Shares                                                            met
                          Mélanie Kau                            -   156,684        $8,880,849      yes           Requirement is met
                          Jean Bernier                   31,126        7,103        $2,166,820      yes           Requirement is met
                        Karinne Bouchard                 27,522         681         $1,598,546      yes           Requirement is met
                                        (2)
                           Eric Boyko                    31,300       18,089        $2,799,369      yes           Requirement is met
                        Jacques D’Amours              60,736,678      26,021    $3,444,029,779      yes           Requirement is met
                                         (3)
                          Janice Fields                          -     5,226         $296,210        no               April 2027
                           Eric Fortin                  309,955         555        $17,599,707      yes           Requirement is met
                          Richard Fortin              31,840,149      54,187    $1,807,770,964      yes           Requirement is met
                                                (4)
                   Marie-Josée Lamothe                   12,910        8,621        $1,220,377      yes           Requirement is met
                        Monique F. Leroux                 2,500       24,223        $1,514,660      yes           Requirement is met
                          Réal Plourde                21,382,205      25,939    $1,213,413,602      yes           Requirement is met
                        Daniel Rabinowicz                13,147       19,189        $1,832,804      yes           Requirement is met
                                      (5)
                           Louis Têtu                    26,114        8,336        $1,952,626      yes           Requirement is met
                                          (6)
                         Louis Vachon                     5,000        1,365         $360,768        no               April 2027
                  (1)
                      Includes dividend equivalents earned on DSUs.
                  (2)
                      Mr. Boyko holds 27,800 of his Class A Shares through his holding company.
                  (3)
                      Ms. Fields has until September 2025 to meet her initial equity ownership requirement of $580K, until April 2025 to
                  meet the requirement of $720K, until April 2026 to meet the requirement of $820K, and until April 2027 to meet the
                  requirement of $920K based on remuneration increases.
                  (4)
                      Ms. Lamothe holds 2,048 of her Class A Shares through her holding company.
                  (5)
                      Mr. Têtu holds 22,514 of his Class A Shares through his holding company.
                  (6)
                      Mr. Vachon has until September 2026 to meet his initial equity ownership requirement of $720K, until April 2026
                  to meet the requirement of $820K, until April 2027 to meet the requirement of $920K based on remuneration
                  increases.

Directors may not purchase financial instruments to hedge or offset a decrease in the market value of Shares held for the purpose
of the Director Share Ownership Requirement. As Executive Chairman, Alain Bouchard and as the President and CEO, Brian



                                                                                                                                           38

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Hannasch are required to comply with the Executive Share Ownership Requirement (see section entitled “Executive Share
Ownership Requirement” on page 77 for additional details).

Non-Executive Directors’ compensation table

The following table lists all compensation earned during fiscal 2022 by the Non-Executive Directors, as at April 24, 2022.
We calculated the number of DSUs awarded as payment of the Board retainer by dividing the dollar amount of the award
by the weighted average trading price of our Shares on the TSX over the five trading days immediately before the
payment date.

                                                                                            All other              Total            How it was
                                                    Fees Earned
                                                                                          compensation          compensation         allocated
                                           Board        Lead              Committee
                                                     Director         chair   member                                               cash          DSUs
                     (1)
 Mélanie Kau                             $180,000     $35,000       $33,000        —                 —               $248,000         —    $248,000
 Jean Bernier                            $180,000          —             —         —                 —               $180,000         —    $180,000
                            (2)
 Karinne Bouchard                        $111,429          —             —         —                 —               $111,429    $55,714    $55,715
               (3)
 Eric Boyko                              $180,000          —        $33,000        —                 —               $213,000         —    $213,000
 Jacques D’Amours                        $180,000          —             —         —                 —               $180,000         —    $180,000
 Janice Fields                           $180,000          —             —         —                 —               $180,000         —    $180,000
           (4)
 Eric Fortin                              $72,321          —             —         —                 —                 $72,321        —     $72,321
                                                                                                          (8)
 Richard Fortin                          $180,000          —             —         —            $75,000              $255,000    $75,000   $180,000
                                   (5)
 Marie-Josée Lamothe                     $180,000          —             —    $13,000                —               $193,000         —    $193,000
                             (5)
 Monique F. Leroux                       $180,000          —             —    $13,000                —               $193,000         —    $193,000
                                                                                                          (8)
 Réal Plourde                            $180,000          —             —         —            $75,000              $255,000    $75,000   $180,000
                            (6)
 Daniel Rabinowicz                       $180,000          —             —    $13,000                —               $193,000    $79,000   $114,000
               (6)
 Louis Têtu                              $180,000          —             —    $13,000                —               $193,000         —    $193,000
                      (7)
 Louis Vachon                            $111,429          —             —         —                 —               $111,429         —    $111,429
 Total                                                                                                             $2,578,179
(1)
    Ms. Kau was the Lead Director and Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee during fiscal 2022. She stepped down as
the Lead Director effective June 28, 2022 and remains the Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee.
(2)
    Ms. Bouchard was appointed to the Board on September 1, 2021 and her retainer was prorated accordingly. She elected to receive half of her
retainer in cash.
(3)
    Mr. Boyko is the Chair of the Audit Committee.
(4)
    Mr. Eric Fortin was appointed to the Board on November 23, 2021 and his retainer was prorated accordingly.
(5)
    Ms. Lamothe and Ms. Leroux are members of the Audit Committee.
(6)
    Mr. Rabinowicz and Mr. Tetu are members of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee.
(7)
    Mr. Vachon was appointed to the Board on September 1, 2021 and his retainer was prorated accordingly. He was nominated Lead Director effective
June 28, 2022.
(8)
    Messrs. Fortin and Plourde each received an additional $75,000 for consulting services, which was paid to their respective corporations.


Incentive plan awards – value vested or earned during fiscal 2022

The table below shows the aggregate dollar value that would have been realized if the DSUs issued in fiscal 2022 had been cashed
on the grant date.

                                                                                               Non-equity incentive
                                           Option-based awards        Share-based awards –
                                                                                               plan compensation –
                                           – value vested during        value vested during
                                                                                                value earned during
                                                  the fiscal year            the fiscal year
                                                                                                           the year
 Mélanie Kau                                                    —                  $248,000                        —
 Jean Bernier                                            $38,313                   $180,000                        —
 Karinne Bouchard                                               —                   $55,715                        —
 Eric Boyko                                                     —                  $213,000                        —
 Jacques D’Amours                                               —                  $180,000                        —
 Janice Fields                                                  —                  $180,000                        —
 Eric Fortin                                                    —                   $72,321
 Richard Fortin                                                 —                  $180,000                        —
 Marie-Josée Lamothe                                            —                  $193,000                        —
 Monique F. Leroux                                              —                  $193,000                        —
 Réal Plourde                                                   —                  $180,000                        —


                                                                                                                                                        39

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                                                                                 Non-equity incentive
                               Option-based awards      Share-based awards –
                                                                                 plan compensation –
                               – value vested during      value vested during
                                                                                  value earned during
                                      the fiscal year          the fiscal year
                                                                                             the year
Daniel Rabinowicz                                 —                  $193,000                      —
Louis Têtu                                        —                  $193,000                      —
Louis Vachon                                      —                  $111,429                      —



Upcoming changes to Non-Executive Director compensation in fiscal 2023

Following the HRCG Committee’s review of the compensation program for our Non-Executive Directors and with a view to ensure
that Board compensation is competitive and allows the Corporation to appropriately recruit future board members from all our
principal markets, the Board approved an annual increase of $50,000 over a two-year period for each of its members, as well as an
increase of $5,000 for the Lead Director, $5,000 for the Audit Chair and $5,000 for the HRCG Chair. Each Board members' annual
base compensation will be $205,000 in fiscal 2023 and $230,000 in fiscal 2024.
For purposes of calculating the shareholding guidelines requirements for Directors, the requirement of four times annual retainer in
five years from appointment remains the same.
For the purposes of calculating the shareholding guidelines requirements for the increased portion of $50,000 on a two-year basis,
the requirement for this portion will need to be met four years from the effective date of the increase.

Our Corporate Governance Practices

The Board considers strong and transparent corporate governance practices to be
important factors in the overall success of our Corporation and we are committed to adopting
and adhering to the highest standards of corporate governance. We strive for continuous
improvement in our corporate governance practices to ensure effective oversight of                          A copy of the corporate
management and our affairs, and to make sure our governance framework not only meets                      Governance Guidelines and
regulatory requirements but also reflects evolving best practices. We comply with the                      other governance related
guidelines adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators and with the standards of other               documents is available at
regulatory bodies. The Corporation has adopted certain policies and procedures to ensure that           https://corpo.couche-tard.com/
effective corporate governance practices are followed. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines               en/our-company/leadership-
and delegation of authority provide a framework of authority and accountability to enable the              governance/governance/
Board and management to make timely and effective decisions that promote shareholder
value while complying with applicable laws and the Corporation’s commitment to ethical
conduct, integrity and transparency.




                                                                                                                                 40

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Composition of our Board
Our Board of Directors oversees the management of Alimentation Couche-Tard with a view to
increasing shareholder value over time all the while maintaining all other stakeholders’
interests in mind. The Board makes major policy decisions and reviews the performance and
effectiveness of the management team, which is responsible for our day-to-day operations.
Board Size                                                                                             BOARD COMMITTEES
Although the maximum number of directors permitted by the Corporation’s articles is twenty           The Audit Committee and
(20), the Board has the ability to increase or decrease its size within the limits defined by the      Human Resources and
articles of the Corporation and in accordance with applicable laws. The Board believes that a          Corporate Governance
size of eight to twenty (8-20) directors is appropriate.                                             Committee carry out many
The HRCG Committee reviews the size of the Board and the mix of skills of the existing               of these responsibilities on
directors every year, and when it is considering new director candidates for the Board. Its goal         behalf of the Board.
is to build a diverse group of directors who collectively have the relevant skills, experience and     You can learn more about
qualities necessary to support our strategic direction, meet the challenges the Corporation          the committees and read the
faces and serve the long-term interests of our shareholders.                                            2022 committee reports
We recognize the importance of maintaining an effective balance of director expertise and                 starting on page 51.
independence. We have benefited greatly from the experience of the more senior members of
the Board over time, but have also refreshed the Board, by adding several new independent
directors over the last years. You can read about all the Director Nominees beginning on page
17.

Board and Committee Organization
Two standing committees help the Board carry out its responsibilities: the Audit Committee and the HRCG Committee. Both
committees are made up entirely of independent directors.
The Board and Committee meetings are generally organized as follows:
    ▪   Five regularly scheduled Board meetings each year, including a two-day meeting to consider and approve the Corporation’s
        budget, strategy and approach to compensation;
    ▪   Four regularly scheduled Audit Committee meetings per year and four regularly scheduled HRCG Committee meetings per
        year;
    ▪   Special Board or Committee meetings are held when deemed necessary;
    ▪   Members of management and certain other key employees are regularly called upon to give presentations at the Board
        and Committee meetings; and
    ▪   One annual continuous education session conducted jointly with the executive leadership team.
To ensure the Board operates independently of management, it has a Lead Director who has been recommended by the HRCG
Committee and approved by the Board. The Lead Director is responsible for, among other things, providing leadership to the
independent directors and making sure directors and management understand the responsibilities of the Board, and that they
clearly understand and observe the boundaries between the responsibilities of each. The independent members of the Board meet
with the Lead Director – without management or the non-independent directors – after every quarterly and annual Board meeting
and every committee meeting.




                                                                                                                             41

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Position Descriptions                                                                                  POSITION DESCRIPTIONS
                                                                                                        The Board has developed
The Board has developed written position descriptions for the Executive Chairman of the
                                                                                                       position descriptions for the
Board, for the Lead Director, for the Committee chairs and for the CEO to complement the
                                                                                                          Founder and Executive
Board’s charter. The complete text of the position descriptions can be found on the
                                                                                                       Chairman, the Lead Director,
Corporation’s website at:
                                                                                                         the chairs of each Board
https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/our-company/leadership-governance/governance/                             Committee, and the
                                                                                                           President and Chief
These descriptions are reviewed annually by the HRCG Committee and are updated as                      Executive Officer. These are
required.                                                                                                available on our website
                                                                                                        (corpo.couche-tard.com).
Conflict of Interest
In accordance with applicable law, each director is required to disclose to the Board any
potential conflict of interest he or she may have in a matter before the Board or a committee
thereof at the beginning of the Board or committee meeting. A director who is in a potential
conflict of interest must not attend any part of the meeting during which the matter is
discussed or participate in a vote on such matter.

Board Interlocks
To maintain director independence and to avoid potential conflicts of interest, the Board reviews the number of board interlocks
among its directors regularly. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, no more than two directors may serve together on the
board of another public company, and directors may not serve together on the boards of more than two other public companies.
As at July 5, 2022, two of the Board’s Directors Nominees, Ms. Bouchard and Mr. Boyko, sit together on the board of Stingray
Group Inc.

Other Directorships
The Corporation values the experience and perspective that directors bring from their service on other boards, but also recognizes
that other board memberships and activities may also limit a director’s time and availability and may present conflicts of interest
or legal issues, including independence issues. As a general rule, directors should limit their service as directors on publicly-held
company and investment company boards to no more than five (including the Corporation’s Board). Service on the boards of
subsidiary companies with no publicly traded stock is not included in this calculation. Without specific approval from the Board,
the Corporation's CEO may serve on no more than two public company boards (including the Corporation's Board). Furthermore,
no director shall serve as a director, officer or employee of the Corporation’s competitor. A director wishing to join any other board
of directors, whether a private or public corporation, must first request permission of the Chair of the Board so that the
appropriate review can be undertaken to ensure that there is no potential conflict or any other legal or business concerns.




                                                                                                                                42

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Director nomination process
The HRCG Committee is responsible for developing, reviewing, and monitoring criteria, as well
as establishing procedures for evaluating and recommending potential directors to the Board
                                                                                                      DIRECTOR NOMINATION
for approval. Its goal is to build a diverse group of directors who collectively have the relevant
skills, experience and qualities necessary to support the Corporation’s strategic direction, meet       1. IDENTIFY GAPS ON
the challenges the Corporation faces and serve the long-term interests of our shareholders.                  THE BOARD

In support of this goal, the HRCG Committee will, when identifying candidates to nominate for
election to the Board:                                                                                                +
          (a) consider individuals who are highly qualified, based on their talents, experience,          2. MEET WITH
              functional expertise and personal skills, character and qualities having regards        POTENTIAL CANDIDATES
              to the Corporation’s current and future plans and objectives, as well as
              anticipated regulatory and market developments;
                                                                                                                      +
          (b) consider criteria that promotes gender balance and diversity, including with
              regards to gender, ethnicity, age, geographical location, and other dimensions;
                                                                                                          3. RECOMMEND
          (c)   consider the level of representation of women on the Board and in executive              NOMINEES TO THE
                officer positions along with markers of diversity when making recommendations                  BOARD
                for nominees to the Board or for appointment as executive officers and in
                general with regard to succession planning for the Board and executive officers;
                and                                                                                                   +
          (d) as required, engage qualified independent external advisors to assist the Board             4. NOMINATE FOR
              in conducting its search for candidates that meet the Board’s criteria regarding               APPROVAL BY
              skills, gender balance, experience and diversity.                                            SHAREHOLDERS


To assist in this process, the HRCG Committee shall be mandated to consider as part of its policies and procedures:
          (a) the periodic evaluation and assessment of individual directors as well as Board committees and the Board as a whole
              to identify strengths and areas for improvement;
          (b) in consultation with the Board, the development and maintenance of a skills matrix that identifies the skills and
              expertise required for the Board along with potential areas for growth and improvement; and
          (c)   measures designed to ensure that the nominee recruitment and identification process are appropriate in terms of
                depth and scope to foster identification and progression of diverse candidates.
Please see page 17 for information about this year’s Director Nominees.
The Board is satisfied that this year’s group of Director Nominees meets our requirements for a healthy board culture that
promotes diverse perspectives and good governance.

Skills matrix
The HRCG Committee uses a skills matrix to help assess the overall skills of the Board and identify gaps. The skills matrix outlines
the desired qualifications, attributes, skill and experience that are important to and necessary for the proper functioning of the
Board and are reviewed annually. In fiscal 2022, the skills matrix was updated by the HRCG Committee and approved by the Board.
These areas of expertise are intended to complement the general qualifications and attributes that are sought in all Board
members, such as high ethics and integrity, senior executive leadership, strategic acumen, sound business judgement, as well as
willingness to devote the required amount of time to carry out the duties and responsibilities of Board service.




                                                                                                                              43

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
The following table outlines the skills of our Director Nominees:




                                                                                           Karinne Bouchard   Jacques D’Amours                                                                                     Marie-Josée Lamothe   Monique F. Leroux                  Daniel Rabinowicz
                                              Alain Bouchard   Jean Bernier                                                      Janice L. Fields                  Richard Fortin   Brian Hannasch   Mélanie Kau                                             Réal Plourde                                    Louis Vachon
                                                                              Eric Boyko                                                            Eric Fortin                                                                                                                                 Louis Têtu
CHARACTERISTICS
Independence                                                    ü              ü                                                  ü                                                                   ü              ü                     ü                                  ü                  ü            ü
Diversity                                                                                   ü                                     ü                                                                   ü              ü                     ü
SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
Entrepreneurship                               ü                ü              ü            ü                  ü                                     ü              ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü               ü                  ü            ü
Financial literacy                             ü                ü              ü            ü                  ü                  ü                  ü              ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü                                  ü            ü
Corporate governance                           ü                ü              ü            ü                  ü                  ü                  ü              ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü               ü                  ü            ü
Compensation, labour relations, human
resources                                      ü                ü              ü                               ü                  ü                  ü              ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü               ü                  ü            ü
Senior executive leadership                    ü                ü              ü                               ü                  ü                                 ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü               ü                  ü            ü
Environmental, Social and Governance           ü                ü              ü            ü                  ü                  ü                                 ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü               ü                  ü            ü
Marketing, communications                      ü                ü              ü            ü                  ü                  ü                  ü              ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü               ü                  ü            ü
Digital economy                                ü                ü              ü                               ü                  ü                                 ü                ü                               ü                     ü                  ü               ü                  ü            ü
Oil, Gas and Energy sector experience          ü                ü                           ü                  ü                                     ü              ü                ü                                                     ü                  ü                                               ü
Information technology                         ü                ü              ü                               ü                                                    ü                ü                               ü                     ü                  ü                                  ü            ü
International retail and consumer products     ü                ü              ü            ü                  ü                  ü                  ü              ü                ü                               ü                     ü                  ü               ü                  ü            ü
Retail Industry knowledge                      ü                ü              ü            ü                  ü                  ü                  ü              ü                ü                ü              ü                     ü                  ü               ü                  ü            ü
Real estate                                    ü                ü              ü            ü                  ü                  ü                  ü              ü                ü                ü                                    ü                  ü                                  ü            ü
Food retail                                    ü                ü              ü            ü                  ü                  ü                  ü              ü                ü                                                     ü                  ü                                  ü
Supply chain                                   ü                ü              ü                               ü                  ü                                 ü                ü                ü                                    ü                  ü                                  ü

SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE                                                                                                                                             DEFINITION
                                             Experience in developing new business opportunities, products, services, and processes within an existing
Entrepreneurship
                                             organization to create great value and generate growth.
                                             Experience or understanding of financial accounting and reporting, corporate finance, auditing and
Financial literacy
                                             internal controls.
Corporate governance                         Experience and overseeing of corporate governance practices and principles of a major organization.
Compensation, labour relations, human        Experience and understanding the best practices and principles relating with compensation plans,
resources                                    leadership development, talent management, succession planning and human resources.
Senior executive leadership                  Experience as a CEO or any senior officer position of a public company or major organization.
                                             Experience with the policies, practices or management risk associated with environment, social and
Environmental, Social and Governance
                                             governance matters which are relevant to the organization.
Marketing, communications                    Experience in communications or marketing industry.
Digital economy                              Experience with e-commerce quick commerce, digital retailing, AI applications and social media.
                                             Experience in the oil, gas and energy industry to understand the commercial aspects of the business,
Oil, Gas and Energy sector experience
                                             market, operational challenges and other strategies.
                                             Experience and understanding of technology, digital platforms, new media, data security, cyber security,
Information technology
                                             IT security and IT infrastructure.
                                             Experience in the operations of retail and consumer products in multiple countries with an understanding
International retail and consumer products
                                             of the challenges and opportunities within the organization in those countries.
                                             Experience and understanding of multi-site retail, specifically the management of multiple retail or
Retail Industry knowledge
                                             distribution stores or sites.

                                             Experience in real estate, residential or commercial as well as real estate acquisitions and dispositions
Real estate
                                             and property management.

                                             Experience in food retail combined with the knowledge of the industry, markets, operational issues,
Food retail
                                             regulatory concerns.

                                             Experience in supply chain combined with the knowledge of the industry, markets, operational issues,
Supply chain
                                             regulatory concerns as well as supply chain management.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            44

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Building a diverse Board: undertakings beyond gender diversity
The Corporation recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and executive team and sees this as a competitive
advantage. Furthermore, the Corporation recognizes that diversity is essential to the Corporation being able to better understand
and serve its very diverse customer base. The Corporation is an equal opportunity company and supports the spirit and intent of
applicable human rights and anti-discrimination laws as further detailed in the Corporation’s Ethics Code of Conduct (the "Code").
Towards this end, the Corporation has adopted a Policy Regarding Diversity on the Board of Directors and in Executive Officer Positions
(the “Diversity Policy”) which sets out the guidelines by which the Corporation undertakes to promote diversity and inclusion
throughout the organization.
In particular, in fiscal 2022, the Corporation amended its Diversity Policy to specifically commit not only to maintain a Board
composition in which women represent at least 30% of its members – and we are proud to say that we are already meeting such
target – but to also view diversity beyond the mere notion of gender, be it sexual orientation, age, disability, marital or civil
partnership status, ethnic origin, nationality or color, religious, political or other beliefs.
To this end, the Corporation is committed to enhance the diversity of the Board by:
    ▪    developing recruitment protocols that recognize that diverse candidates can be found in a broad array of organizations
         outside of the traditional candidate pool of corporate directors and officers;
    ▪    using to their fullest potential the current network of organizations that can help identify diverse candidates; and
    ▪    periodically reviewing board recruitment and selection protocols to make sure that diversity in its broadest sense remains
         a component of every search.




                                                                                                                                 45

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Orientation and continuing education
                                                                                                            CONTINUING
The HRCG Committee is responsible for orientation and ongoing education of directors.
                                                                                                             EDUCATION
Orientation
All new directors are given a director’s guide that contains information about the Corporation
and our industry, Board and Committee mandates, the Code and other corporate policies. The              REGULAR NEWSFEED
objective of our orientation process is that new Directors grasp the Corporation’s areas of
focus in order to start contributing to board effectiveness as quickly as possible. Directors
attend orientation presentations by key executives, who provide in-depth information about                         +
the industry, our Corporation and our North American and European businesses, our strategy,
risks, culture and key issues. They also meet with our Executive Chairman or one of the other               ONGOING
founders to better understand the Corporation’s business model and culture. New directors                 PRESENTATIONS
are also given an overview of the role and functioning of the Board and its Committees and
what is expected of them in their role as director. Finally, new Directors and also provided with
the opportunity to participate in a site tour.                                                                     +
Continuing education
The continuing education program for Directors is structured to broaden their knowledge of              ANNUAL STRATEGIC
the Corporation and the industry and keep them up to date on company initiatives. These                    MEETING
initiatives include the following:
Newsfeeds: Directors receive newsfeeds on a regular basis from the executive group that keeps
them current and gives them a window into our extensive network of stores.
                                                                                                                   +
Ongoing presentations: Directors attend regular presentations on the main areas of the
Corporation’s business, financial matters, operations and overall industry. These presentations         COMMITTEE SPECIFIC
include highlighting market conditions and trends that may impact the Corporation’s business              PRESENTATIONS
and influence its growth strategy and worldwide outlook, key risks and opportunities. These
presentations are generally held during Board meetings and give directors an opportunity to
talk to executives and senior management.                                                                          +
Annual strategic meeting: Directors also attend an annual strategic planning meeting, where
                                                                                                         ANNUAL IN-DEPTH
they have the opportunity to review and discuss with senior management the Corporation’s                    TRAINING
long-term strategic plan.
Committee specific presentations: at the committee level, continuing education topics are added                    +
to committee agendas from time to time through out the year. For example, invited outside
advisors provide regular updates on developments in corporate governance, tax legislation or           OTHER SEMINARS AND
executive compensation practices.                                                                          PROGRAMS

Annual in-depth session: Once a year, directors attend an in-depth session designed to increase their knowledge of the industry and
our business activities globally. External consultants are often invited to present, and sessions can include tours of international
operations and discussions of future business trends and issues.
Other seminars and programs: Directors are encouraged to attend seminars and educational programs offered by other
organizations, to suggest ideas for future programs and to share best practices they have observed at other boards.
Finally, Board members have full access to the Corporation’s executives and senior management, and the Board encourages
management to address the Board in those instances where a manager’s expertise and assistance can enhance the Board’s
understanding of a particular issue under its consideration.




                                                                                                                              46

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
In fiscal 2022, members of the Board participated in the following presentations and events:

Topic                                          Date               Presenters                                                          Attendees
Presentation on enterprise risk management         May 6, 2021      Lisa Marino, Global Head, Risk Management and Internal Audit      All Directors

Presentation on strategy and business plan         May 6, 2021       Brian Hannasch, President and CEO and Claude Tessier, Chief      All Directors
                                                                                                               Financial Officer
Presentation on sustainability                    May 11, 2021           Ina Strand, Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer   All Directors

Presentation on customer journey/traffic and      June 29, 2021           Deb Hall Lefevre, former Executive Vice President, Chief    All Directors
promotions marketing                                                 Technology Officer and Kevin Lewis, Executive Vice President,
                                                                                                          Chief Marketing Officer
Presentation on IT cyber security and risk      August 31, 2021           Deb Hall Lefevre, former Executive Vice President, Chief    All Directors
                                                                                                              Technology Officer
Presentation on strategy acceleration           August 31, 2021                                   Various Couche-Tard Executives      All Directors

Presentation on Electric-vehicles              October 19, 2021   Hans Olav Høidahl, Executive Vice President, Operations, Europe     All Directors

Presentation on Quick Commerce                 October 19, 2021      Kevin Lewis, Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer   All Directors
                                                                            and Tune Marschall and Yael Mohan, Bain & Company
Presentation on ESG                            October 19, 2021                                              Janice Noronha, PWC      All Directors

Presentation on Loyalty Program                 March 15, 2022       Kevin Lewis, Executive Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer   All Directors

Presentation on Corporate Governance Trends     March 15, 2022        Valery Zamuner, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and      All Directors
                                                                                                             Corporate Secretary


Retirement and term limits
There is no retirement age, and there are no term limits for serving as a director of the Corporation. On an ongoing basis, a balance
must be struck between ensuring that there are fresh ideas and viewpoints available to the Board while not losing the insight,
experience and other benefits of continuity contributed by longer serving Directors. The Board continues to believe that the annual
assessment process is an efficient and transparent way to evaluate directors and determine improvements to Board composition.
The annual director assessment provides strong motivation for directors to make sure they are adding value and making a
significant contribution to the Board and the Corporation. The Board has demonstrated the effectiveness of its approach as a
mechanism for Board renewal as the composition of Board has most recently changed at the annual meeting of Shareholders held
in 2017, 2019, 2020 and 2021.




                                                                                                                                            47

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Primary employment status change                                                                       ANNUAL ASSESSMENTS
A director who makes a major change in his or her principal occupation shall inform the Board
for consideration if such director shall submit his or her resignation. It is not intended that the
                                                                                                       BOARD RESPONSIBILITY
directors who retire or whose professional positions change should necessarily leave the
Board; rather, the Board believes it is appropriate in such circumstances to conduct a review,
with the assistance of the HRCG Committee, of the continued appropriateness of Board
membership under such circumstances.                                                                               +
Board, committee and director assessments
The Board has a formal assessment process for determining how well the Board, Board
                                                                                                         BOARD OPERATIONS
committees and individual directors are functioning. The process is completed yearly,
alternating between a written questionnaire and one-on-one interviews with each director.
The questionnaire goes out to all members of the Board and is completed anonymously. It
includes four categories of questions:
                                                                                                                   +
  ▪ Board responsibility – do directors have the tools and the time necessary to gain a good
     understanding of the Corporation and its strategy, operations and risks?
                                                                                                       BOARD EFFECTIVENESS
  ▪ Board operations – does the Board have the right mix of directors, and are meetings
     effective, mandates clear and reporting sufficient?
  ▪ Board effectiveness – do the directors communicate effectively with management and
     with each other?                                                                                              +
  ▪ committee assessment – are the committees appropriate, the directors who sit on them
     effective and the work they produce sufficient?                                                         COMMITTEE
                                                                                                             ASSESSMENT


The questionnaire also includes open-ended questions about areas the Board should be focusing on, and where things should be
improved. The Lead Director meets personally with a Board member if there is a performance issue.
In alternate years, the Lead Director meets with each individual Board member in a one-on-one meeting and goes through the
questions personally. This approach gives rich feedback, which the Lead Director brings back to the committee, and will bring to the
full Board if there are things that need to be addressed.

Role and duties of our Board and its Committees

The role of the Board of Directors
The Board’s mandate, which was reviewed and adopted on June 29, 2020 sets out its responsibilities in the following categories:
  ▪ strategy and budget;
  ▪ governance;
  ▪ talent;
  ▪ human resource management and compensation;
  ▪ risk management, capital management and internal controls;
  ▪ communications;
  ▪ ESG; and
  ▪ financial reporting, auditors and transactions.
You will find the full text of the mandate in Appendix “B”.

1. Strategy and Budget
The Board is responsible for approving the Corporation’s strategic plan and priorities, as well as the Corporation’s annual operating
and capital budgets.
The President and CEO, working with the Executive Committee, develops the Corporation’s strategy and corporate objectives every
year, and presents them to the Board at an annual budget and strategic planning session. The Board reviews the plans with
management, makes adjustments considering opportunities and risks and our financial strategy, and approves the annual business
plan and our strategic plan and priorities. The Board also evaluates our operating and financial performance against the strategic
plan and budgets.



                                                                                                                               48

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
2. Governance and oversight of ESG
The Board is responsible for overall governance of the Corporation and oversight of its ESG strategy. This includes developing the
Corporation’s approach to, and disclosure of corporate governance practices and procedures, as well as the development of a set of
corporate governance guidelines and principles, ensuring the independent and effective functioning of the Board and individual
directors, and defining the roles of the Lead Director, the Chairman of the Board and the committee chairs. The Board approves the
disclosure of material information, and promotes communication with our shareholders, the media and the general public. With
respect to ESG strategy, the Board through the HRCG Committee, monitors the Corporation’s commitment to sustainability through
the review of the Corporation’s health, safety and well-being policies and practices; the Corporation’s inclusion and diversity policies
and initiatives; and the Corporation’s sustainability policies and practices. The Board also oversee the Corporation’s strategy and
reporting of environmental and social matters.
3. Talent and Human Resource Management and Compensation
The Board is responsible for making sure the Corporation is effectively managed. This includes appointing the President and CEO
and Executive Committee, evaluating their performance, approving their compensation and planning for their succession. It also
includes making sure that a culture of integrity and diversity is built into every level of the organization – from the directors on our
Board to the people working at our retail locations around the world.
4. Risk Management, Capital Management and Internal Controls
The Board is responsible for identifying and assessing periodically the principal risks of the Corporation’s business and ensure the
implementation of appropriate systems to manage these risks. The Board is also responsible for, ensuring the integrity of our
internal controls and financial reporting systems, and overseeing how financial and other material information is communicated to
analysts and the public.
5. Communications
In conjunction with management, the Board is responsible for meeting with the Corporation’s shareholders at the annual meeting
and being available to respond to questions at that time. The Board also monitors investor relations programs and communications
with analysts, the media and the public; as well as reviews, approves and oversees the implementation of the Corporation’s
disclosure policy.
6. Financial Reporting, Auditors and Transactions
The Board is responsible for reviewing and approving, as required, the Corporation’s financial statements and related financial
information, appointing (including terms and review of engagement), subject to approval of shareholders, and removing the
Corporation's auditor, as well as reviewing and approving mergers and acquisition opportunities and financings.

Strategic planning and risk oversight
Two key matters for the board are strategy and risk. In this regard, the Board oversees the planning, progress against, and
achievement of the Corporation’s strategic objectives, with time set aside at each quarterly meeting to discuss and monitor
progress. Each year, the Board holds a special meeting to review and discuss with management the Corporation’s annual and long-
term strategic plans. These discussions include reviewing and analyzing the main risks facing the business, overall industry trends
and developments, and important strategic opportunities.
In terms of risk, the Board is responsible for overseeing the material risks of our business, and for ensuring that management has
effective risk management processes and mitigation strategies in place.
Management and the Board identify and prioritize risks in four categories using a systematic risk assessment process that considers
probability, impact and mitigation:
    •    strategic;
    •    financial;
    •    operational; and
    •    compliance.
The top risks are identified and mitigating actions are developed for each. Main risks identified during fiscal 2022 fall into the
following areas: staffing crisis, cyber threats, supply chain vulnerability and disruption, increased competitive pressure, decline in
fuel demand, digital customer experience technology, economic outlook, sustainability (including ESG risks), HSE (health, safety and
environment) and geopolitical risk.
Our internal auditor presents the results of the assessment to the Audit Committee and the Board for review and approval once a
year and presents an update for discussion. The results guide management and the Board in the strategic planning and budgeting
process. The management team takes ownership of the risks specific to their area and are responsible for developing and


                                                                                                                                  49

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
implementing the controls to manage and re-assess risk. Each major risk is also assessed at different times in the year in depth at
the Board or Committee level.

In Camera sessions of independent Directors
To maintain independence from management, our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that independent Board members
meet at each quarterly and special Board meeting, without the presence of management and under the chairmanship of the Lead
Director. Similarly, each committee of the Board holds separate sessions without management present under the chairmanship of
its committee Chair at each quarterly and special committee meeting.




                                                                                                                             50

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
About our Board Committees

The Board has two committees that help it carry out its responsibilities.

   Audit Committee
     100% independent                              Members:                                       2022 meetings:
   100% financially literate                   Eric Boyko (chair)                          5 meetings – 100% attendance
                                              Marie-Josée Lamothe
                                               Monique F. Leroux
 The Audit Committee helps the Board oversee:
   ▪   the integrity of the Corporation’s financial reporting;
   ▪   the Corporation’s compliance with the requirements established by law and regulation;
   ▪   the independence, competence and appointment of the external auditors;
   ▪   the performance of internal and external auditors;
   ▪   management’s responsibilities with regard to internal controls;
   ▪   the risk management; and
   ▪   oversight of environmental, social and governance financial reporting.

   In fiscal 2022, the Audit Committee, in accordance with its mandate and work plan, accomplished the following:

   Oversight of financial          ▪ recommended the annual and quarterly financial statements and related MD&A as well as
   reporting                         press releases to the Board for approval.
                                   ▪ conducted a review of disclosure controls and procedures including internal controls over
                                     financial reporting.
   Financial planning              ▪ conducted a review of the Corporation’s capital structure and utilization of cash and
                                     recommended to the Board the approval of an increase in the quarterly dividend, the renewal
                                     of the normal course issuer bid, several selective buy-backs, as well as a US commercial paper
                                     program.
                                   ▪ oversaw the Corporation’s insurance program.
                                   ▪ oversaw the Corporation’s strategic business plan.
                                   ▪ oversaw the Corporation’s Tax Governance Policy.
                                   ▪ oversaw on investor relations activities.
   Financial risk management       ▪ oversaw risk management activities and results, and conducted a review of the key risks
   and disclosure controls           facing the Corporation.
   Oversight of Internal Audit
                                   ▪ conducted a review of the audit plan and monitored its quarterly and annual execution.
   and internal controls
   Oversight of external           ▪ conducted an evaluation of the performance of the external auditors and recommended their
   auditors                          reappointment.
   Risk management and             ▪ received quarterly reports on the Corporation's material litigation.
   cyber security                  ▪ oversaw cyber security protocols.
                                   ▪ received report on supply chain risk management.
   Fraud and ethics                ▪ received quarterly whistleblowing reports.
   Oversight of                    ▪ assessed and oversaw the enhancement of environmental, social and governance reporting
   environmental, social and         practices along well-recognized standard frameworks, in particular by considering the scope
   governance reporting              of, and review of disclosures based on recommendations from the Task Force on Climate-
                                     related Financial Disclosure’s ("TCFD") and the IFRS Foundation as it relates to climate-
                                     reporting, governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets.




                                                                                                                              51

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
   Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
      100% independent                                    Members:                                                2022 meetings:
                                                      Mélanie Kau (chair)                                  4 meetings – 100% attendance
                                                                       (1)
                                                       Janice L. Fields
                                                          Louis Têtu
                                                      Daniel Rabinowicz
  The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee helps the Board fulfill its responsibilities related to:
   ▪ human resources;
   ▪ appointing directors and senior management;
   ▪ succession planning;
   ▪ sustainability strategy;
   ▪ compensation;
   ▪ environmental, social and corporate governance; and
   ▪ ethics.

   In fiscal 2022, the HRCG Committee, in accordance with its mandate and work plan, accomplished the following:

   Oversight of Human                   ▪ conducted a review of the Human Resource and Corporate Governance Committee work
   Resources and Corporate                plan for fiscal 2022-2023.
   Governance controls                  ▪ conducted a review of the mandates of the Board and the Committees.
   Human Resources matters              ▪ conducted a review of the fiscal 2022 performance measures and weightings for the
                                          incentive plans.
                                        ▪ approved the annual incentive bonus payout.
                                        ▪ conducted a review of the Employee Share Purchase Plan.
                                        ▪ oversaw the Corporation’s retirement plans.
                                        ▪ oversaw health and safety policies and practices.
                                        ▪ conducted a review of the sustainability strategy, including diversity initiatives.
                                        ▪ conducted benchmarking review and implemented recommendations on executive level
                                          compensation.
                                        ▪ received regular reports on the COVID-19 situation.
   Organizational and                   ▪ conducted a review of Executive Committee succession planning.
   succession planning                  ▪ received quarterly reports from the Chief People Officer on organizational matters, employee
                                          engagement and employee turnover.
   Composition and                      ▪ conducted a review of the competencies, skills and personal qualities required for Board
   performance of the Board               members
   and Committees                       ▪ conducted a Board and committee assessment
                                        ▪ considered and recommended for approval Board nominations for fiscal 2022
   Director recruitment                 ▪ considered and recommended for approval Board election of Mr. Eric Fortin
   onboarding and education             ▪ continued to enhance the director education program by identifying education opportunities
                                          at or in between scheduled Board and committee meetings that provide in-depth reviews of
                                          strategic/operational risks and activities.
   Regulatory and                       ▪ conducted a review of the 2022 Management Information Circular.
   compliance                           ▪ received regular reports with respect to Directors’ share ownership guidelines.
   Corporate governance                 ▪ conducted a review of the Corporate Governance Guidelines.
   matters                              ▪ conducted a review of corporate governance trends.
                                        ▪ conducted a review of the Delegation of Authority policy.
   Environmental and social             ▪ oversaw the Corporation’s sustainable strategy.
   responsibility matters and           ▪ received reports with respect to measurable objectives on diversity.
   disclosures                          ▪ reviewed and assessed certain social responsibility objectives and initiatives of the
                                          Corporation with respect to diversity and inclusion, including a review of the Diversity policy.
                                        ▪ reviewed and provided input to the Board on the management of current and emerging
                                          sustainability matters affecting the Corporation.
   Ethics and Compliance                ▪ oversaw whistleblowing calls.
(1) Janice L. Fields was appointed to the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee effective June 28, 2022.


                                                                                                                                          52

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Ethical business behaviour and Ethics Code of Conduct

Respect is at the heart of all that we do – our culture of honesty and openness drives our success. We believe in doing what we say
we will do, listening to others, and operating in a way that sustains the trust of our suppliers, partners, and customers. It has been a
key factor in how we have been able to acquire so many companies, and welcome many of their people into the Alimentation
Couche-Tard family. For us, honesty and trust are a common language that transcends our culture.
Respect for human rights is just as important to us. We show respect for all individuals and our workplaces are characterized by
equality and diversity, consistent with the relevant regulations where we do business. We do not accept any form of discrimination
of our employees, customers or anyone involved in our activities, and expect our suppliers and partners to act according to ethical
standards that are consistent with our values.




Ethics code of conduct
The Code reinforces the Corporation's commitment to maintaining high ethical standards in all of its operations and business
practices worldwide. In fiscal 2021, the Corporation fully revamped the Code in order to clarify the Corporation’s ethical
expectations and cover important topics such as integrity, confidentiality, protecting our property and assets, conflicts of interest,
fair treatment of clients, suppliers, competitors and employees, insider information and insider trading. It is truly meant to be a
guide that help us all make the right decisions. It is now available in a user-friendly and multilingual document. A copy of our Code is
available on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com) and on SEDAR (sedar.com).
In fiscal 2022, the Corporation conducted a Company-wide training program on the Code that reached over 100,000 employees,
provided either in-person or through an online interactive platform. This program was enhanced by several other training modules
(either in-person or online) on specific topics such as principals of competition law, anti-harassment and privacy, among others.
The Code applies to everyone at Alimentation Couche-Tard and its subsidiaries, and we expect consultants, intermediaries, lobbyists
and anyone who works on our behalf to comply with the Code. We ensure that everyone adheres to the Code by:
  ▪ giving new employees a copy of the Code when they are hired, requiring their acknowledgement of receipt and understanding;
  ▪ hosting management information sessions;
  ▪ annual certification of the Code from all employees;
  ▪ investigating any incident or complaint in an objective and in a timely manner; and
  ▪ making timely corrective measures if and when required.
Everyone is responsible for reporting a suspected breach immediately to the employee’s supervisor, local Human Resources
department or local legal counsel. All reports are treated impartially and confidentially, and there will be no retaliation against
anyone who makes a report in good faith.
The HRCG Committee not only reviews the Code regularly to ensure its relevance with the most current ethical concerns, but it also
monitors compliance with the Code. It receives quarterly reports from the Senior Vice-President, General Counsel and Corporate
Secretary on the number and nature of complaints, how the complaints were handled, the results of any investigation and any
corrective action taken.

ACT Hotline
The ACT Hotline is a worldwide communication platform, fostering transparency and                      REPORTING A BREACH
accountability and is available online at all times and in a multitude of linguistic options to        Suspected breaches of the
employees and customers everywhere the Corporation operates. The ACT Hotline offers an                 policy can be reported to an
anonymous reporting option where it is legal to do so, and provides tools ensuring                     employee’s supervisor, local
transparency and timeliness in the treatment of submitted concerns.                                    Human Resources or local
You can find your more about our Code and the ACT Hotline at:                                          Legal    Departments      or
https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/our-company/leadership-governance/ethics-and-                         through the ACT Hotline
compliance/.                                                                                           couchetard.ethicspoint.com

Whistleblower policy
In addition to monitoring compliance with the Code, the Board has adopted various policies and procedures which are updated on a
regular basis to reflect recent development and best practices. The Whistleblower Policy and Procedures which covers accounting and

                                                                                                                                  53

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
auditing matters, corporate fraud, and internal accounting controls was last update in fiscal 2021. This policy provides Couche-
Tard’s employees and external stakeholders with communications channels that will allow them to raise concerns in confidence,
and anonymously if desired, without fear of reprisals or retaliation of any kinds. All directors, officers and employees are required to
understand this policy and comply with its terms.
The Audit Committee monitors compliance with the Whistleblower Policy. It receives quarterly reports from the Chief Financial
Officer (the “CFO”) on the number and nature of complaints, how the complaints were handled, the results of any investigation and
any corrective action taken. The Audit Committee is notified immediately if we have received a report that could have a material
impact on the Corporation.

Insider trading policy
In addition to its strict disclosure practices, the Corporation has adopted an Insider Trading Policy which is designed to prevent
improper trading in the Corporation’s securities and the improper communication of privileged or material information with respect
to the Corporation that has not been generally disclosed, including compliance with insider trading and tipping rules. Under the
policy, which was last amended in fiscal 2022, those who normally have access to material information that has not been generally
disclosed may only trade in the Corporation’s securities within prescribed periods. The policy also provides processes for the pre-
clearance of trades in the Couche-Tard’s securities and for reporting by the reporting insiders of the Corporation.

Anti-hedging policy
The Board believes that it is inappropriate for directors and executive officers to hedge or monetize transactions to lock in the value
of holdings in the securities of the Corporation (be it shares, DSUs or other forms of securities granted by the Corporation to
Directors or executive officers). Such transactions, while allowing the holder to own the Corporation’s securities without the full risks
and rewards of ownership, potentially separate the holder’s interests from those of other stakeholders and, particularly from the
Corporation’s shareholders.
In the Corporation’s Corporate Governance Guidelines the Board adopted an anti-hedging policy in fiscal 2021. As such, unless
otherwise previously expressly approved by the Board, no director or executive officer may, at any time, purchase financial
instruments, including prepaid variable forward contracts, instruments for the short sale or purchase or sale of call or put options,
equity swaps, collars, or units of exchangeable funds that are based on fluctuations of the Corporation’s securities and that are
designed to or that may reasonably be expected to have the effect of hedging or offsetting a decrease in the market value of any
securities of the Corporation.

Shareholder engagement and transparency
Continuous disclosure and disclosure practices
                                                                                                         DISCLOSURE PRACTICES
The Corporation is committed to providing material information to shareholders and the
                                                                                                         We expect all employees,
public in a timely, accurate and balanced way. The Corporation believes that through its annual
                                                                                                         including    all    executive
and ad hoc disclosure documents, including, among others, this Circular, the Corporation’s
                                                                                                         officers, to exercise the
financial statements and accompanying management’s discussion and analysis, annual
                                                                                                         highest standard of care in
information form, annual report, quarterly interim reports and conference calls, periodic press
                                                                                                         preparing business and
releases, as well as the Corporation’s website and sustainability report, it effectively
                                                                                                         financial        information,
communicates its commitment to not only meet but exceed governance standards, be they
                                                                                                         whether for internal or
imposed by legislation or encouraged as best practices. The Corporation is committed to
                                                                                                         external use.
providing timely, accurate, and balanced disclosure of material information consistent with
legal and regulatory requirements.
Besides the affirmation of this commitment in our Code, which also contains a no comment
policy, the Corporation has adopted a Public Disclosure Policy to provide guidelines with
respect to the dissemination and disclosure of information to the investment community and
Shareholders. The objectives of the Public Disclosure Policy seek to ensure that
communications are timely, accurate and broadly disseminated in accordance with applicable
legislation, and sound disclosure practices which maintain the confidence of the investment
community, including investors, in the integrity of the Corporation’s information.
Furthermore, the Corporation has mandated a Disclosure Committee with the responsibility to
set out procedures and controls for making sure our disclosure is accurate, complete and in
accordance with all applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. The Disclosure


                                                                                                                                   54

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Committee is composed of the CEO, the CFO, the General Counsel, the Controller and the Vice-
President of Investor Relations. Dissemination to the public of material information, both
financial and non-financial, which was previously undisclosed, must be reviewed and approved
in advance by the Disclosure Committee.

Communications and engagement with shareholders
                                                                                                        HOW TO CONTACT THE
Reaching out to stakeholders and listening to their opinion is an important value of the                BOARD
Corporation and is crucial in understanding our investors’ concerns and sentiment. The                  You can communicate
Corporation engages with shareholders through a variety of channels, including the                      directly with the Board by
Corporation’s website at https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/investors/, quarterly conference              writing to:
calls and periodic investor day meetings or similar events.
                                                                                                        Alimentation Couche-Tard
The Corporation holds “investor days” or similar events (breakfasts, site visits, virtual               Inc. c/o Executive Chairman
conferences, presentations by the Corporation’s senior officers, quarterly earnings and                 4204 Industriel Blvd.
acquisition-specific calls and other meetings, etc.) on a periodic basis at which management            Laval, Québec H7L 0E3
can exchange with analysts, shareholders and other stakeholders of the Corporation. During
                                                                                                        Please mark your envelope
these meetings, management provides an update to analysts, shareholders and other
                                                                                                        private and confidential.
stakeholders on the Corporation’s operations, performance and outlook while making sure to
respect its disclosure obligations and avoid any selective disclosure. These meetings also
provide analysts, shareholders and stakeholders with the opportunity to raise questions and
concerns to Management regarding the Corporation’s business and affairs. In fiscal 2022 we
met one-on-one with several of our major shareholders, which allowed us to provide context
about the Corporation, how we’re governed, and the decisions the Board and management
make.
Feedback from shareholders comes from one-on-one or group meetings, in addition to regular
interactions on specific questions between the Corporation’s investor relations department
and Shareholders. Investor relations conferences, and results conference calls are broadcasted
live through the website of the Corporation and materials from results, conference calls as well
as a transcript of the call are archived and available on the website of the Corporation at
https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/investors/.
Say on Pay
The Corporation has adopted a “say on pay” policy, the purpose of which is to provide appropriate Director accountability to the
shareholders for the Board’s compensation decisions, by giving shareholders a formal opportunity on an annual basis to provide
their views on the disclosed objectives of the executive compensation plans of the Corporation and on the plans themselves. The
HRCG Committee carefully considers shareholder feedback on the Corporation’s executive compensation programs, and works to
continue the design and implementation of compensation programs that promote the creation of shareholder value and further
our executive compensation philosophy in a challenging economic environment.
As this is an advisory vote, the results are not binding upon the Board; however, the Board will take the results of the vote into
account, as appropriate, when considering future compensation policies, procedures, and decisions and in determining whether
there is a need to significantly increase their engagement with shareholders on compensation and related matters. The Corporation
discloses the results of the shareholder non-binding advisory vote as part of its report on voting results and related press release to
be posted on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The Board discloses to shareholders, no later than in the management information circular
for its next annual meeting, the changes to the compensation plans made or to be made (or why no such changes were made) by
the Board as a result of its engagement with shareholders. In the event that a significant number of shareholders oppose the
resolution, the Board will consult with its shareholders, particularly those who are known to have voted against it, in order to
understand their concerns and will review the Corporation’s approach to compensation in the context of those concerns.
Shareholders who have voted against the resolution will be encouraged to contact the Board to discuss their specific concerns.
At the 2021 annual meeting of Shareholders held on September 1, 2021, the non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation
received significant Shareholder support with 97.89% of affirmative votes. The Board and the HRCG Committee greatly value the
Shareholder feedback on executive compensation and, after considering the 2021 results, worked to continue the design and
implementation of compensation programs that promote the creation of Shareholder value and align the interests of executive
officers with those of Shareholders.




                                                                                                                                 55

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Virtual-only shareholder meetings
The Board recognizes that virtual-only meetings have the potential to curb the ability of the Corporation’s shareholders to
meaningfully communicate with the Corporation’s directors and management, and consequently the Corporation is committed to
mitigate such risks by adopting the following policies and practices:
    1.   clearly disclose to shareholders that a meeting will not be held in person;
    2.   provide shareholders with advanced notice and detailed instructions on how to participate in the virtual-only meeting;
    3.   provide shareholders with a method of seeking support (prior and during the virtual-only meeting) if they are having
         difficulty accessing the virtual-only meeting;
    4.   provide shareholders with clear instructions (prior and during the virtual-only meeting) on the manner and on the timeline
         for submitting questions normally discussed at the annual meeting through the technological platform used or by
         telephone; and
    5.   transparently disclose and answer all questions normally discussed at the annual meeting that have been received through
         the technological platform or by telephone.

Human capital management

Oversight of human capital management
The HRCG Committee has oversight responsibility to review the Corporation’s health, safety and wellbeing, and inclusion and
diversity policies, practices and initiatives and to review the succession plans relating to the positions of CEO and other executive
offices. To this end, the HRCG Committee receives regular reports from the Chief People Officer (“CPO”) on topics such as inclusion
and diversity programs and initiatives, talent management and succession planning process, health and safety and well-being
programs, as well as any employee engagement activities.

As a testament to this commitment, the Corporation was named to Forbes’ 2021 list of the ‘’World’s Best Employers.” The
Corporation stood out as the only Canadian retailer among the 750 companies recognized worldwide. The Corporation also
received the the 2022 Gallup Exceptional Workplace Award, which recognizes the world’s most engaged workplace cultures.

Leadership, diversity and succession
We encourage diversity at all levels of our organization – from the retail store to the Board of Directors – and believe that being able
to draw on a wide range of viewpoints, backgrounds, skills and experience is critical to our success, particularly in an increasingly
complex global marketplace.
Having an employee base that reflects the communities where we work is also a competitive advantage, because it helps us
understand and serve our diverse customer base more effectively. Diversity is also an important part of good governance and key
to a well-functioning Board and an effective executive management team.
As a statement of this commitment, the Corporation’s President and CEO, Mr. Hannasch, joined in March 2020 the CEO ACTION
pledge – a growing coalition pledging to advance diversity and inclusion within the workplace – positioning Couche-Tard to become
the first convenience store retailer to join this action for diversity and inclusion. To that end, we have established a framework for
meaningful action, consisting of voluntary employee-led groups (Business Resource Groups or BRGs) to focus on Ethnicity & Culture,
Disabilities Inclusion and LGBTQ+ matters and that support the fostering of a diverse and inclusive workplace.




                                                                                                                                  56

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
An inclusive workplace
                                                                                                    AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
The Corporation recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and                  EMPLOYER
executive team and sees this as a competitive advantage. To the effect, the Corporation has         We support the spirit and
adopted a formal Diversity Policy setting forth guidelines for promoting diversity and inclusion    intent of human rights and
throughout the organization. While all director and executive appointments are based on             anti-discrimination laws, and
merit, the Board expects that when selecting candidates, a wide range of criteria are               promote a culture of
considered, to ensure that these bodies, as a whole, reflect a range of viewpoints,                 acceptance and respect,
backgrounds, educational levels, skills, work experience and expertise. You can read more           regardless of race, color,
specifically about Board diversity on page 45.                                                      gender, sexual orientation,
We have a large global workforce that spans many cultures, backgrounds and languages. In            marital status, religion,
addition to our Diversity Policy, we have several initiatives and polices that promote an           political affiliation,
inclusive and respectful workforce, including:                                                      nationality, ethnic
  ▪ cross-cultural training;                                                                        background, social origin,
  ▪ accommodating religious attire according to local practice;                                     age or disability or any other
  ▪ improving our compliance with Americans with Disabilities Act standards; and                    legally protected
  ▪ an ageless workplace strategy that is relevant to at least four generations.                    characteristic.
We are committed to developing more women, culturally diverse individuals and millennial            You can read more in our
leaders, so our leadership team is a clearer reflection of our customer and employee base. We       Ethics code of conduct, which
try to promote from within and recognize that we can only reach our leadership goals if we are      you can find on our website.
committed to thinking about diversity in the hiring process at all levels of the organization.
We have invested in our millennial workforce, adapting to their unique needs, and fostered
engagement with our employees at every level of the organization.

We recognize autonomy, acknowledge empowerment and emphasize leadership and the opportunities to grow with the
Corporation. We strongly encourage our teams to stand out and become leaders, because we believe that our strength lies in the
growth and development of our employees.

Women in leadership
In fiscal 2022, five of the seventeen (29%) people on our executive leadership team were
women, and nine of the thirty (30%) people we believe have the potential to become
executives are female. After the year-end the female percentage of executive leadership has
decreased due to the departure of former CTO Deborah Hall-Lefevre. The number of women in
executive roles and other areas of the Corporation can be linked to various initiatives including   WOMEN IN EXECUTIVE AND
an executive session on diversity in the talent and succession review, tracking and reporting       MANAGERIAL ROLES
progress on diversity goals, and the development of our Diversity Policy. Nevertheless, we
                                                                                                    (as at April 24, 2022)
continue to work with our human resources directors around the world to make sure we are
                                                                                                                             Women
developing a talent pipeline that will lead to a more representative balance between men and
                                                                                                    Executives               29%
women in leadership roles.
                                                                                                    Vice Presidents          20.8%
In fiscal 2022 we continued to celebrate our many Top Women in Convenience through the              Heads of (i.e.: Senior   19.8%
Couche-Tard’s Women’s Council, a business resource group with the mission of creating               Directors)

winning conditions for women within the Corporation. The Women’s Council is part of Couche-         Directors                30.4%

Tard’s Board of Directors’ commitment to diversity and inclusion and to taking measurable           Office managers          42%
                                                                                                    Market managers          46.2%
actions promoting a workplace where a broad spectrum of perspectives and experiences are
                                                                                                    Store managers           70.7%
welcomed and respected. The Women’s Council’s work includes bringing the “Together we
make a difference” pledge to the corporation, introducing the first training modules on
Unconscious Bias as well creating career development workshops in Couche-Tard’s global
offices and stores.

Succession planning
The Board recognizes that effective succession planning for the President and CEO and executive management ensures continuity
of executive management. The HRCG Committee is responsible for making sure we have executive succession planning and
performance evaluation programs and processes (including development and career planning), and that these are operating
effectively. The Committee also oversees planning when a change to the organization’s structure has an impact on executive roles.
Working with the President and CEO as well as the CPO, the Committee reviews our Company-wide succession planning process

                                                                                                                                     57

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
once a year. The talent and succession process starts at the business unit level with local vice-presidents and local human resources
directors’ review of talent and succession candidates, including nominating candidates for vice-president and functional leadership
roles. After rounds of regional coordination, the executive leadership team performs a company-wide review led by the CPO. The
results from the Corporation wide review, the President and CEO and CPO’s considerations for senior executive succession are
presented to the HRCG Committee annually. The HRCG Committee is responsible for the President and CEO succession review, and
choice of President and CEO succession candidates. The development of the President and CEO succession candidates occurs in
collaboration with the CPO and the Committee reviews such process on a semi-annual basis.
The HRCG Committee has a contingency plan to ensure an orderly process in the event something unexpected happens to a
member of the executive management team.

Health, safety and well-being
Our worldwide community of people are at the heart of our business. It is their commitment, safety, motivation and talent that have
made us a successful convenience store operator. We care about our people and take their safety and well-being very seriously. We
continuously work to improve our policies, programs and tools to ensure all our employees and customers feel safe, secure,
included, engaged and respected. Workplace safety is one of our key priorities. We worked to develop a global Health, Safety and
Environment strategy and equip ourselves with better tools to reduce workplace safety incidents. Across our organization, we’ve
also strengthened many of our training programs so that employees are better able to recognize and prevent safety risks. We have
set the target to achieve zero harm for our people, customers, employees and suppliers by 2030 and decrease robberies and
recordable work-related injuries by 50% by 2025.

Empowered employees during the COVID-19 pandemic
In fiscal 2022, we continued our proactive approach in response to the COVID-19 pandemic with a focus on our employees and their
engagement and experiences as we venture forward in the post-pandemic landscape. We maintained prevention measures to
ensure the safety of our employees and customers while our office workforce continued to telework in order to continue supporting
the Corporation remotely. We continued to work closely with public health authorities to help contact tracing and to ensure that all
measures are in place to safeguard the health and safety of our employees and customers.
As the Corporation pursues its efforts toward employee engagement, the tools introduced during the pandemic will remain and be
improved to stay connected and respond more effectively to our people’s needs.

Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) focus, oversight and reporting                               OUR SUSTAINABILITY
Since 2019, we have been on a sustainability journey towards providing greater transparency           REPORT
and engagement on our efforts and our desire to contribute to a cleaner and safer future while        You can read more about
creating value for all our stakeholders. In 2020, we created a more defined framework and             our key areas of focus, why
strengthened how we incorporate sustainability in our way of thinking and decision-making,            they’re important, and our
making it now a lens to our business and pushing forward our commitment to actionable                 progress this year in our
results based on stakeholder perspectives, conversations with investors and interviews with           2022 Sustainability Report,
business leaders, and in May 2021, we extended sustainability to the financing of our global          which is available on our
operations with the launch of our inaugural Green Bonds offering and framework.                       website.

In fiscal 2021, we launched our new Sustainability Framework, giving our work an even stronger focus and supporting us to deliver
on our commitments and targets. Our new Sustainability Framework, guided by the three core pillars of “People”, “Planet” and
“Prosperity”, puts even greater focus on including our stakeholders. Our identified stakeholders are customers, employees,
suppliers, NGOs, communities and governments, as well as investors. We seek to better understand the priorities of our
stakeholders regarding environmental, social and governance issues and we engage in ongoing dialogue with each of our key
stakeholder groups, striving to understand their concerns and needs to find innovative ways to grow.
In February 2022, the Corporation was recognized as a 2022 top-rated environmental, social, and corporate governance (ESG)
performer by Sustainalytics, a leading independent global ESG rating agency.




                                                                                                                               58

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Board oversight of ESG
Our sustainability work is headed by our Board of Directors, which oversees targets, programs, risks, performance, and reporting.
Our Chief People Officer and leader of the Corporation's sustainability efforts, is responsible for the sustainability strategy,
initiatives and assessing performance and works with the Sustainability Core team to implement the sustainability strategy.

ESG Reporting
The Corporation uses recognized frameworks to communicate ESG performance to stakeholders. These frameworks also support
the Corporation’s constant efforts to evaluate, monitor and improve its ESG strategies. For example, the Corporation prepares its
annual Sustainability Report in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative Sustainability Standards and the Sustainability
Accounting Standards Board. An index of our alignment with the GRI and SASB Standards is available at: corpo.couche-tard.com/en/
sustainability.
For fiscal 2023, the Corporation is committed to also increase the reporting of climate-related financial information, in accordance
with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures ("TCFD") reporting recommendations.




                                                                                                                              59

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Letter from the Chair of the Human Resources and
Corporate Governance Committee
Dear shareholders,

On behalf of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee and the
Board of Directors, we are pleased to share Alimentation Couche-Tard’s fiscal 2022
Compensation Discussion and Analysis. This document reflects our belief in the
transparent disclosure of all facets of our executive pay programs.
Last year our ‘say on pay’ advisory vote received 97.89% support from shareholders, signaling strong approval of our ‘’pay
for performance’’ philosophy. We believe our executive compensation programs strike the right balance between
rewarding short- and long-term performance appropriately, while ensuring fair compensation in relation to outside
benchmarks and shareholder expectations. We believe Alimentation Couche-Tard is well positioned to continue to grow
and expand.
Alimentation Couche-Tard’s performance in fiscal 2022
Throughout fiscal 2022, while actively monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic situation, our management teams focused on
developing flexible yet structured work environments. With more than 90% of our team members working in a store
environment on a daily basis, our focus was on maintaining safe practices during Covid-19 while enhancing productivity
amongst our largely remote above store population. The Corporation delivered on its financial ambitions for the year
ended April 24, 2022, with net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Corporation amounting to US$2.7 billion for
fiscal 2022.
Impact of performance on fiscal 2022 pay outcomes
In fiscal 2022, as the economic effects of the pandemic waned, the NEO’s short-term incentives returned to the same
formula as in previous years: 75% based upon the achievement of the Company-wide financial target (net income), and
the remaining 25% upon the achievement of individual KRAs. Net earnings of US$2.7 billion resulted in an impressive
achievement of 111.93% of the Company-wide financial target. Since our short-term incentive program provides a sliding
scale for our Company-wide financial target from zero to 250%, the 111.93% achievement versus target meant a 137%
payout of the Company-wide financial component.
With respect to the individual component, the NEOs were each assigned five key result areas. The attainment of the
individual components averaged 86.86% for the NEOs, reflecting a solid performance for individual KRAs. All our
executive committee members have KRAs that include elements relating to our ESG ambitions.
Fiscal 2022 executive compensation decisions
As is the case every two years, in 2022 the HRCG Committee conducted a review of the Corporation’s executive
compensation programs with the assistance of an outside consultant, Willis Towers Watson. Following this review, we
were confirmed in our belief that our short-term and long-term executive compensation framework appropriately
rewards the performance of our executives while being aligned with shareholder expectations.
However, based on the conclusions contained in the external benchmarking report delivered by Willis Towers Watson,
the HRGC Committee recommended and the Board approved several changes to executive compensation. Our objective
was to better align executive pay with market median, and changes included a larger proportion of the compensation
increases to be allocated to long-term incentives, thereby in effect enhancing retention.
Such changes are to be effective as of fiscal 2023 and include the following:
    ▪    An adjustment to the executive teams’ salary range;
    ▪    An increase in the annual grant of Share Units for the CEO from 280% to 390% of base salary;
    ▪    An increase in the annual stock options grant for the CEO from 61% to 120%, for the Executive Chairman from
         82.94% to 211% and for the Executive Vice President Operations, North America from 40% to 55%;
    ▪    The use the Black-Scholes methodology for the annual stock options grant valuation;
    ▪    An increase in in the range of PSU payout in line with market practice.



                                                                                                                             60

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Finally the HRCG Committee’s compensation review also led to an examination of the Corporation’s compensation peer group to
ensure its ongoing business relevance. As a result, our peer group was modified with the replacement of Marathon Petroleum
Corporation by Albertsons Companies, Inc.
An increased focus on ESG
In fiscal 2022, the HRCG Committee focused on ESG as an element of executive compensation. ESG is core to our long-term
business strategy and has always been a key element of our success. We are determined to build on this strong foundation and will
continue to evolve and advance with respect to our ESG ambitions. To ensure ESG remains a key focus for our leadership team, we
have included ESG goals in the determination of short-term compensation awards. In addition, we amended our Diversity Policy to
specifically commit to maintaining a Board composition in which women represent at least 30% of its members – and we are proud
to say that we have been meeting such target for several years now. We have also committed to view diversity beyond the mere
notion of gender, and include other components such as sexual orientation, age, disability, marital or civil partnership status, ethnic
origin, nationality, and religious beliefs. To this end, the Corporation committed to enhance the diversity of the Board by periodically
reviewing board recruitment and selection protocols to ensure that diversity in its broadest sense remains a component of every
search.
We are very proud of the strides the Company has made and its various initiatives in the area of diversity and these concrete actions
have started to pay important dividends. The Executive Leadership team includes 29% women, and the talent pipeline of those we
think have the potential to aspire to the highest roles in the Company is also on track with 30% of potential candidates being female.
As a testament to the Corporation’s efforts, the Company was named to Forbes’ 2021 list of the ‘’World’s Best Employers’’, the only
retailer among the 750 companies worldwide, an incredible achievement. The Corporation also received the 2022 Gallup
Exceptional Workplace Award, another recognition of the sustained efforts being made.
We are encouraged by this progress and the Company’s unwavering commitment to continuously improve and advance, no matter
what area of the business one looks at. It is therefore with confidence that we encourage you as shareholders to review the
information provided on our compensation program, including the components of executive pay and the individual awards for each
executive officer described in the following sections of the Circular.
We respectfully ask you to cast your vote in favour of our annual Say-on-Pay proposal in the hope that you will agree that our
compensation proposals link executive pay to Company performance and align these programs with the interests of our
shareholders.
Sincerely,
(s) Mélanie Kau
Mélanie Kau
Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee




                                                                                                                                  61

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
2022 Performance

Despite the many challenges of 2022, the Corporation delivered excellent financial results. Our management teams continued to
focus on protecting our employees, customers and business continuity as we capitalized on the lessons learned about being
productive with a largely remote workforce, as well as maximizing team engagement. We continued to manage our business
carefully, planned for the worst, and were resourceful with our shareholders’ capital. We struck the right balance between deferring
non-critical outlays while investing in our core strategic initiatives for leading in the future of convenience.
Our performance, both operationally and financially, was notable with net earnings amounting to US$2.7 billion for fiscal 2022,
comparable with US$2.7 billion for fiscal 2021 - with a decrease of US$22.2 million, driven by higher operating expenses and
disposal of sites stemming from a strategic review of our network, mainly offset by higher road transportation fuel margins in the
United States and Canada and organic growth in both the convenience and road transportation fuel operations. Diluted net
earnings per share stood at US$2.52, compared with US$2.44 for the previous year.

                      (52-week period)                                                      2022                 2021
                      Net earnings ($US millions)                                          $2,683.3            $2,705.5
                                                              (1)
                      Merchandise and service gross profit                                  +6.5%               +7.0%
                                                          (1)
                      Road transportation fuel gross profit                                 +12.4%              +3.8%
                                                    (1)
                      Return on capital employed                                            15.4%               15.9%
                      (1) For additional information on the performance measures not defined by IFRS, please refer to the
                      section “Non-IFRS measures” of our Management Discussion & Analysis for the 52-week period ended
                      April 24, 2022 available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com.



For more information about Couche-Tard’s performance, we invite you to review the Corporation’s annual audited consolidated
financial statements and MD&A for the year ended April 24, 2022 and which are available on the Corporation’s website at and on
SEDAR at www.sedar.com.




                                                                                                                              62

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Our 2022 Named Executive Officers

Below is a description of each of the individuals who form our current named executive officer team, which includes our Founder and
Executive Chairman, our President and Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer, our Executive Vice-President, Operations,
North America and Global Commercial Optimization and our Chief Marketing Officer (the “Named Executive Officers”). Detailed
information regarding the compensation awarded to our Named Executive Officers is found in the section titled “Key Compensation
Table” in the summary compensation table.

                                Alain Bouchard, O.C., O.Q.
                                Founder and Executive Chairman
                                Meets equity ownership requirement




Mr. Bouchard has served as the Executive Chairman of Alimentation Couche-Tard since 2014, when he stepped down after 25 years as
President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Bouchard opened his first convenience store in Québec in 1980 and founded the companies that
grew into Alimentation Couche-Tard. He has over 45 years of experience in the retail industry and worked with his closest collaborators
and all staff members to build Alimentation Couche-Tard into the business it is today. He is a member of the Board of Directors of CGI Inc.
since 2013.
Mr. Bouchard is a Member of the Order of Canada and an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec. He also has an honorary doctorate in
Consumer Sciences from Université Laval in Québec City and an honorary doctorate in Laws from McGill University in Montréal. Mr.
Bouchard has received many distinguished awards for business excellence and his outstanding professional achievements, including:
     ▪ Companion of the Order of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame
     ▪ Cercle des Grands entrepreneurs du Québec, a prestigious distinction awarded to exceptional entrepreneurs whose achievements,
       ideals and commitment have contributed to Québec’s entrepreneurial vitality and economic development (February 2018)
     ▪ International Horatio Alger Award, which recognizes people who have persevered through challenges to become successful
       entrepreneurs and community leaders, from the Horatio Alger Association (March 2017)
     ▪ Grand bâtisseur de l’économie du Québec from the Institute for governance (2014)
     ▪ T. Patrick Boyle Founder’s award from the Fraser Institute (2014)
     ▪ NACS Insight International Convenience Leader of the year (2014)
Mr. Bouchard has been involved in an impressive number of fundraising campaigns and philanthropic activities. He and his wife
established the Sandra and Alain Bouchard Foundation in 2012, which supports various causes associated with people living with
intellectual disabilities as well as artistic and cultural projects. In 2015, Mr. Bouchard and his wife were named Exceptional philanthropist of
the year by the Québec Chapter of the Association of Fundraising Professionals.




                                                                                                                                           63

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                                  Brian Hannasch
                                  President and Chief Executive Officer
                                  Meets equity ownership requirement




Brian Hannasch is President and Chief Executive Officer of Alimentation Couche-Tard since 2014 and served as its Chief Operating Officer
from 2010 to 2014. Under his leadership, the Corporation has grown to be the largest company in Canada in terms of revenue and one of
the largest convenience store groups in the world.
He joined the Corporation in 2001 as Vice President Operations, U.S. Midwest, and has also served as Senior Vice-President, U.S.
Operations (2008 to 2010), Senior Vice President, Western North America (2004 to 2008), Vice-President, Integration (2003 to 2004), where
he was responsible for all aspects of U.S. operations.
Mr. Hannasch was Vice President of Operations for Bigfoot Food Stores LLC, a 225-unit convenience store chain in the U.S. Midwest
acquired by Alimentation Couche-Tard in 2001. Prior to that, he was at BP Amoco from 1989 to 2000, and held various positions of
increasing responsibility including Vice-President of Marketing for the U.S. Midwest Business Unit.
In 2022, Mr. Hannasch was inducted into the Convenience Store News Hall of Fame. Mr. Hannasch was named 2021 Retail Leader of the
Year by Winsight Media and 2019 Retailer Executive of the Year by Convenience Store News’ blue-chip panel of c-store industry leaders. He
was also named CEO of the year by The Globe and Mail in 2016. He has been a member of the board of directors of the Association for
Convenience & Fuel Retailing (NACS) since 2016 and a member of the board of directors of AutoZone, Inc. since February 2022.
Mr. Hannasch has a Master of Business Administration in marketing and finance from the University of Chicago and a Bachelor of Arts in
finance from Iowa State University.


                                  Claude Tessier
                                  Chief Financial Officer
                                  Meets equity ownership requirement




Claude Tessier, CPA, joined Alimentation Couche-Tard as Chief Financial Officer on January 28, 2016. Prior to joining Couche-Tard, Mr. Tessier held
the position of President of the IGA Operations Business Unit at Sobeys Inc. from 2012 to 2016 and was a member of Sobeys Inc. Executive
Committee. Mr. Tessier joined the management team of Sobeys Québec Inc. in 2003 as Senior Vice President, Finance & Strategic Planning. Mr.
Tessier has spent most of his professional career in the Food industry after serving in several finance positions. Prior to his position with Sobeys
Inc., Mr. Tessier gained more than 15 years of experience in senior financial leadership positions with Fly Furniture, Provigo and Costco, including in
CFO and Vice President roles. He has also held management positions with Mallette International and PricewaterhouseCoopers (formerly Coopers
& Lybrand).
Mr. Tessier is a member of the Board or Directors of the TMX Group Limited since September 2020. He is also a member of its Derivative
Committee and Chairman of the Finance and Audit Committee. He also sits on the Board of Directors of Hydro Québec since June 2022 and the
Board of Directors of Maison de la Sérénité de Laval which provides free of charge quality palliative care and he participates, on a yearly basis, in its
fundraising campaign.
Mr. Tessier holds a Bachelor of Accounting degree from the Université du Québec à Montréal (1986) and has been a member of the Canadian
Institute of Chartered Accountants since 1987.




                                                                                                                                                     64

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                                 Alex Miller
                                 Executive Vice-President, Operations, North America, and
                                 Global Optimization
                                 Meets equity ownership requirement




Alex Miller was appointed Executive Vice-President, Operations, North America, and Global Optimization in March 2021 after occupying the
position of Executive Vice President, Commercial Optimization since May 2019. Previously Mr. Miller held the position of Senior Vice-President,
Operations and Global Fuels since December 2017, as Senior Vice-President, Global Fuels since November 2016, and as Vice-President, Fuels since
October 2012. Mr. Miller joined Couche-Tard as Director of Fuels, Real Estate and Facilities in 2012. Prior to, he was with BP Plc. for 16 years in a
variety of operational, supply, business development, and strategy roles in the US and Europe.
Mr. Miller holds a BS in Business Management from Southern Illinois University.



                                 Kevin Lewis
                                 Chief Marketing Officer
                                 Meets equity ownership requirement




Kevin Lewis joined Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. as Chief Marketing Officer in July 2017 and is responsible for marketing,
merchandising, analytics, and product channel development activities worldwide.
Mr. Lewis has held multiple executive roles in digital and physical retail and technology companies across the globe. He previously held
the position of Chief Marketing Officer at Total Wine & More. Previously, Mr. Lewis ran the digital, kiosk and subscription businesses while
Senior Vice-President of Digital at Blockbuster Entertainment. From 2004 to 2008, Kevin was a member of the executive committee and
Chief of Strategy and New Business for Philips Consumer Lifestyle, a division of Royal Philips Electronics.
Earlier in his career, Mr. Lewis held multiple leadership positions during a ten-year career at the Boston Consulting Group focusing on
CPG, retail and technology clients worldwide.
Mr. Lewis holds a Bachelor’s degree in International Relations from Stanford University and an MBA (with Distinction) from INSEAD.




                                                                                                                                                 65

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Executive 2022 Compensation at a Glance and Performance

Our compensation program is designed to drive short and long-term business performance and appreciation in our
share price, which creates value for our shareholders. The compensation policies for executives are intended to
adequately compensate their services while establishing a correlation between their compensation and the
Corporation’s financial performance.




The table below is a summary of total direct compensation granted to our named executive officers (each a “NEO”)
for 2022 performance. You can read about each compensation component in more detail beginning on page 71.

                                                                                Long-term incentives

                                                                                                              Fiscal 2022                %               %
                                                           Annual              Share             Stock              direct      at risk for     at risk for
                                                  (1)                             (2),(3)            (4)                                 (5)
                                         Salary          incentive           units           options       compensation      fiscal 2022       fiscal 2021
Alain Bouchard                         $1,470,059        $929,813          $2,793,113       $1,482,176        $6,675,161              78%             80%
Founder and Executive Chairman
Brian Hannasch                         $1,897,705       $3,017,731         $5,297,625       $1,055,134       $11,268,195              83%             85%
President and Chief Executive
Officer
Claude Tessier                          $703,863         $664,330           $707,063          $95,815         $2,171,071              68%             70%
Chief Financial Officer
                                                                     (6)
Alex Miller                             $771,149        $1,040,339          $616,080          $81,797         $2,509,365              69%             72%
Executive Vice President,
Operations, North America and
Global Commercial Optimization
Kevin Lewis                             $767,206         $575,706           $612,595          $81,330         $2,036,837              62%             64%
Chief Marketing Officer

(1)   Represents the salary effectively earned by the NEOs during fiscal 2022. Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis are paid in U.S. dollars. Their
      compensation has been converted into Canadian dollars using the average exchange rate of 1.2539 for fiscal 2022.
(2)   Share units are composed at 65% of PSUs and at 35% of either RSUs or DSUs at the election of each NEO. PSUs are performance based
      (see page 70 for details about the NEOs’ long-term incentives).
(3)   Share units are awarded based on the weighted average trading price of Class A Shares on the TSX for the five days immediately preceding
      the grant date and stock options are awarded based on the weighted average reported closing price for a board lot of the Class A Shares
      on the TSX for the five days prior to such day.
(4)   Amounts are the fair value of the stock option awards on the grant date, calculated using the Black-Scholes model.
(5)   The at-risk compensation is composed of the annual incentive, the stock options and the Share Units (as such term is defined at page 71.
(6)   This amount includes a special bonus that Mr. Miller received for the successful integration of the Holiday network of stores.




                                                                                                                                                              66

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Share performance and executive pay
Our shares have performed well over the past several years, outperforming the market and delivering strong returns to
shareholders. The graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return of $100 invested in our Class A and Class B
Shares at the end of fiscal 2017 with the cumulative total shareholder return of the S&P/TSX Composite Index over the same period
and assumes reinvestment of dividends.


                                                        Comparison of the Corporation Total Return with S&P Indices
                                                     Multiple Voting Shares       Subordinate Voting Shares          S&P/TSX Composite Index

                                 $200.00


                                 $180.00


                                 $160.00


                                 $140.00


                                 $120.00


                                 $100.00


                                  $80.00
                                               April 2017           April 2018      April 2019         April 2020           April 2021      April 2022



                                                             April 2017          April 2018            April 2019             April 2020          April 2021                         April 2022
 Class A Shares                                                  $100.00             $89.97               $124.36                 $128.63            $133.09                           $180.50
                                                                                                                                                                                             (1)
 Class B Shares                                                  $100.00             $90.90               $127.07                 $130.46            $135.73                             —

 S&P/TSX Composite Index                                         $100.00           $100.53                $106.59                  $92.52            $122.56                  $135.93
(1)
      Class B Shares ceased to trade on the TSX effective December 7, 2021 as a consequence of the Conversion Event.

The above performance graph and table show both a strong increase in the Corporation’s total shareholder return, as well as a
solid performance by the Corporation.

Cost of management
                                                 1
The graph below shows EBITDA and total direct compensation granted to our NEOs over the past five years as a percentage of
            1                                                                                                                                                                                      1
EBITDA to show the cost of management over the same period. Our cost of management has averaged less than 1% of EBITDA
over the five-year period.


                                                                        COST OF MANAGEMENT
                               6000                                                                                                                      5%

                                                                                                                                                                   Total direct
                               5000                                                                                                                      4%
                EBITDA (USD$
                               4000

                                                                                                                                                               compensation as a %
                                                                                                                                                         3%
                               3000

                   millions)
                                                                                                                                                         2%
                               2000

                                                                                                                                                                   of EBITDA
                               1000                                                                                                                      1%
                                 0                                                                                                                       0%
                                           Fiscal 2018          Fiscal 2019         Fiscal 2020               Fiscal 2021          Fiscal 2022

                                               EBITDA (USD$ millions)                 Total NEO direct compensation as a % of EBITDA




(1)      For additional information on the performance measures not defined by IFRS, please refer to the section "Non-IFRS measure" of our annual MD&A for
         the 52-week period ended April 24, 2022, available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com.



                                                                                                                                                                                         67

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                                                                Fiscal 2018         Fiscal 2019         Fiscal 2020        Fiscal 2021           Fiscal 2022
        (1)
 EBITDA       (USD$ millions)                                        $2,980              $3,583              $4,525              $5,061                $5,244
                                                                                                                                          (2)
 Total direct compensation granted to NEOs (in USD)             $15,191,056         $14,762,201         $19,558,926         $19,142,463          $19,674,249
                                               (1)
 Total direct compensation as a % of EBITDA                            0.5%                0.4%                0.4%                0.4%                  0.4%
(1)
    For additional information on the performance measures not defined by IFRS, please refer to the section "Non-IFRS measure" of our annual MD&A for the 52-
week period ended April 24, 2022, available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com.
(2)
    For the fiscal year ended April 25, 2021, this amount represents actual compensation paid to the NEOs after COVID-19 related reductions.
Total direct compensation includes base salary, the short-term incentive, and the value of the share units awards on the grant date
multiplied by the volume weighted average trading price for Class A Shares on the TSX during the five trading days immediately
before the grant date, and the grant values of stock option awards beginning in fiscal 2015. As our financial results are reported in
USD, the above values are all expressed in USD. Compensation granted to Messrs. Bouchard and Tessier has been converted into
USD using the average exchange rates for each fiscal year: 0.7978 (2022), 0.7630 (2021), 0.7494 (2020), 0.7595 (2019), 0.7826 (2018).

Trend in Compensation
The following graph illustrates the relationship between the aggregate total direct compensation paid to all NEOs relative to the
Corporation’s cumulative total shareholder return of $100 invested in our Class A and Class B Shares over since fiscal 2017. It should
be noted that this graph does not illustrate the compensation earned by our current NEOs between years 2017 and 2022, but rather
the compensation awarded to the executive officers mentioned in each of the Corporation’s management proxy circulars of years
2017 to 2022.


                                $180.00                                                                               $30,000,000.00

                                $160.00
                                                                                                                      $25,000,000.00
                                $140.00

                                $120.00                                                                               $20,000,000.00

                                $100.00
                                                                                                                      $15,000,000.00
                                 $80.00

                                 $60.00                                                                               $10,000,000.00

                                 $40.00
                                                                                                                      $5,000,000.00
                                 $20.00

                                  $0.00                                                                               $—
                                            2017        2018        2019        2020        2021        2022

                                              Total NEO direct compensation              Multiple Voting Shares
                                              Subordinate Voting Shares


                           The Subordinate Voting Shares ceased to trade on the TSX effective December 7, 2021 as a consequence of the
                           Conversion Event.

The trend demonstrates a steady and notable increase in total shareholder return, with an increase of close to 80% in the value of
our Shares since 2017. However, as a consequence of the Corporation’s evolution and continuous growth, we continue to annually
review and updated the compensation plans offered to NEOs in order to continue supporting a pay-for-performance philosophy
and increasing alignment of executive compensation with shareholder interests.

Executive Compensation Program
Philosophy
The Corporation’s compensation program is designed to attract, retain and incentivize executives to achieve performance objectives
aligned with the Corporation’s vision, entrepreneurial culture and strategic orientation consistent with Shareholders’ value creation.
It also allows the Corporation to reward those executives that deliver superior financial performance.
We remain a growth-oriented company and our compensation programs are designed to reward achievement of such growth.




                                                                                                                                                       68

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Four elements of our compensation strategy                                                           Our compensation
Be competitive                                                                                       strategy
We have designed our compensation program to recruit, develop and retain talented
executives, and we have extremely low turnover on the executive team. We have a formal,              BE COMPETITIVE
independent review process every two years to ensure executive compensation is                       We have designed our
benchmarked consistently.                                                                            compensation program to
                                                                                                     recruit, develop and retain
Pay for performance
                                                                                                     talented executives
A significant proportion of our executive compensation is tied to variable, performance-based
programs. We set challenging targets and objectives that drive our annual business plan and          PAY FOR PERFORMANCE
our strategy. These targets and objectives motivate the executives to work hard and foster           We reward executives for
teamwork to deliver strong results and be rewarded accordingly. We assess corporate and              exceptional performance in
individual performance in our compensation decision-making. We emphasize at-risk pay to              achieving pre–determined
motivate the executive team to execute the business plan, in line with our strategy and values,      and quantifiable objectives
and to create value for our shareholders over time without taking excessive risk.
                                                                                                     ALIGN WITH
Align with shareholder interests                                                                     SHAREHOLDER INTERESTS
Our philosophy and approach to executive compensation is structured to align the focus and           Our compensation program
strategic managerial decisions of our executive teams with the interests of shareholders. We         emphasizes value creation,
see Alimentation Couche-Tard as a long-term growth investment and link a material portion of         establishing a direct link
our executive compensation directly to the performance of our shares. We also consider the           between executive and
realizable value of stock option grants the NEOs have received in prior years as part of our         shareholder interests
formal review of salaries and target variable compensation every year. This approach has
delivered positive outcomes when viewed over a multiple year time horizon. Over the past five        LINK TO STRATEGY
years, our total shareholder return has exceeded the median percentile of our peers. We              Compensation supports the
further reinforced our alignment with shareholder interests by enabling our executive                achievement of our
leadership team and VPs to elect to receive a portion up to 50% of their short-term incentive in     corporate strategy
DSUs (instead of cash).

Link to strategy
Our executive compensation is linked to our Double Again strategy focusing on organic growth and M&A. A key variable in our ability
to deliver results rests in our expertise and strength in integrating acquisitions. The number and scope of our acquisitions provide
us with a unique opportunity to tie additional, variable, performance-based compensation elements to successfully execute
acquisition plans. Furthermore, most of our executive’s KRAs are selected from projects forming our Double Again strategic plan. The
Company also recognizes that profitability growth must also come from improvement in our existing store network and not be
solely reliant on acquisitions. Consequently, part of our executive compensation strategy includes variable compensation elements
that are specifically tied to profitability independent from acquisition activity.

Compensation positioning
To accomplish its goals of attracting, retaining and incentivizing executives to achieve performance objectives aligned with the
Corporation’s vision and strategic orientation, we use a compensation peer group made up of companies we compete with for
executive talent and position our total target compensation for executives. Please refer to the section entitled “Benchmarking” on
page 75 for a description of the peer group. More specifically:
  ▪ base salary is generally thoroughly reviewed on a periodical basis and is typically set within a competitive range of the median
    of the peer group, reflecting experience, individual contribution and performance, scope of the role and responsibilities, the
    need to attract new executives and other specific circumstances. The base salary may also be reviewed annually and aligned
    with the relevant regional salary increases;
  ▪ while short-term incentive plan targets are aligned with the median of the peer group, actual payment may exceed market
    median when results surpass objectives or may fall below median (possibly zero) when results are below expectations;
  ▪ grants of share units and stock options promote retention and are aligned with long-term performance objectives;
  ▪ grants of DSUs ensure good long-term alignment with shareholders; and
  ▪ savings plans, benefits and other perquisites are aligned with regional practices in the countries where the Corporation
    operates.




                                                                                                                              69

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
General description of the 2022 compensation element
Executive compensation includes direct compensation (base salary, short-term incentive and long-term incentives), and indirect
compensation (pension retirement plans and other benefits).
Direct compensation
Salary
Base salaries are fixed pay and based on the individual’s competencies, experience and performance as well as internal
compensation guidelines. Base salaries are reviewed annually and usually adjusted in July. Changes are made to adjust for inflation
or to adjust positioning of salaries in relation to the median of the market and remain competitive.
Short-term incentive
The short-term incentive is an annual cash bonus based on the achievement of several factors, including corporate performance
using a key financial measure as a common global KRA measure, and individual performance based on the achievement of
individual key result areas (“KRAs”) that are approved by the HRCG Committee. KRAs are predetermined and set annually and are
tied to strategic objectives that are connected to the execution of our business plan.
Corporate performance – key financial measure:
We use net earnings as a key financial measure to align the executive team, create accountability and assess corporate
performance. Net earnings are quantifiable and easy to measure and understand and motivates the executive team to achieve their
challenging targets. We must achieve at least 90% of the objective for our key financial measure to achieve threshold performance,
otherwise the payout on the financial component is zero. We use a sliding scale that caps the maximum payout for the corporate
financial component at 250%.
                   Financial component                           Focuses on budgeted net earnings, a key financial objective tied
                   (75%)                                         to our annual business plan
                   If we achieve net earnings:                   Then the financial component is:
                       ▪   less than 90% of budget                  ▪   zero
                       ▪   at 90% of budget                         ▪   10%
                       ▪   100% of budget (at target)               ▪   100%
                       ▪   above 100% and up to 130% of budget      ▪   scaled up to a maximum of 250%



Individual performance – individual KRAs:
We assess individual performance in several key result areas – operational, functional, talent
management and development, and strategic planning – to drive strong leadership. Individual
objectives vary by executive role and responsibilities. The Corporation sets aggressive goals for
the NEOs and scores each KRA using both quantitative and qualitative criteria. The factors and
their respective weightings used for the determination of the short-term incentive are: 75%                        Our 2022 ESG key
corporate financial performance and 25% individual KRAs. Additionally, as for fiscal 2023, ESG                     results area:
components will be included in all of our executive's KRAs for purposes of short-term incentive
                                                                                                                   ▪   Customer journey
payout.
                                                                                                                   ▪   Electric Vehicle program
Long-term incentives
                                                                                                                   ▪   Diversity & Inclusion
Long-term incentives include stock options, as well as share units composed at 65% of PSUs and at
                                                                                                                   ▪   Culture & Engagement
35% of either RSUs or DSUs at the election of each NEO. The PSUs, RSUs and DSUs are collectively
referred to herein as “Share Units”. The long-term incentives are awarded to motivate the executive
team to achieve strong future performance for the Corporation and its shareholders, to retain the
executive team and to align executive interests with those of shareholders. The DSUP, Share Unit
Plan as well as the Stock Incentive Plan were all amended in fiscal 2021 in order to ensure their
relevancy for this incentivizing.




                                                                                                                                              70

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
The following table explains the type of grants made to NEOs under our various equity compensation plans, and their respective
vesting and payout conditions:

                 Description and Vesting Matrix                                       Payment Characteristic and Valuation
Options          Options vest 20% each year beginning on the grant date, unless Exercise price is determined by the weighted average reported closing
                 determined otherwise by the Board at the time of grant. Options price for a board lot of the Class A Shares on the TSX for the five days
                 usually expire after 10 years.                                  immediately before the grant date.
                                                                                 Value derived from in-the-money vested Options is equal to the
                                                                                 number of vested Options exercised multiplied by the difference (in $)
                                                                                 between the Class A Shares price on the day Options are exercised
                                                                                 and the exercise price.
                                                                                 Options provide value only if the Class A Shares price increases above
                                                                                 the exercise price (Options are “in-the-money”).
                                                                                 The plan allows a cashless exercise if the holder has an agreement
                                                                                 with his or her broker.

PSUs             PSUs vest at the end of the three (3) year period commencing at      PSUs are subject to a performance multiplier, expressed as a
                 the beginning of the fiscal year in which the PSUs are granted,      percentage.
                 based on corporate performance.                                      Corporate performance objectives for the three-year period relate
                 Since fiscal 2021, all PSUs outstanding benefit from Dividend        to our operating performance and are set by the HRCG Committee
                 Equivalents.                                                         at the time of grant.
                                                                                      Value of PSUs equals the number of vested PSUs (including
                                                                                      Dividend Equivalents and taking into account any applicable
                                                                                      multiplier) multiplied by the weighted average trading price of Class
                                                                                      A Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately before the
                                                                                      valuation date.



RSUs             RSUs vest at the end of the three (3) year period commencing at      Value of RSUs equals the number of vested RSUs (including Dividend
                 the beginning of the fiscal year in which the PSUs are granted,      Equivalents) multiplied by the weighted average trading price of Class
                 based on continued employment.                                       A Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately valuation
                 Effective as of fiscal 2021, all RSUs outstanding benefit from the   date.
                 accrual of Dividend Equivalents.
                 In order to increase the alignment of executives’ and
                 shareholders’ interests, executives, who are subject to the share
                 ownership requirement, can voluntarily elect to receive DSUs
                 instead of RSUs.
DSUs             DSUs (subject to the exception of Matching DSUs) vest                Value of DSUs equals the number of vested DSUs (including Dividend
                 immediately but may not be exercised until the executives’           Equivalents) multiplied by the weighted average trading price of Class
                 employment with the company ceases.                                  A Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately before the
                 DSUs benefit from the accrual of Dividend Equivalents.               vesting date.
                 DSUs do not, as a matter of fact, form part of the long-term
                 incentive mix. However, as mentioned above, in order to increase
                 the alignment of executives’ and Shareholders’ interests,
                 executives, who are subject to the share ownership requirement,
                 can voluntarily elect to receive DSUs instead of RSUs.
                 In addition, all executives of the Corporation’s global leadership
                 team can elect to defer up to 50% of their short-term incentive
                 payout into a grant of DSUs, with the Corporation matching 25%
                 of the first 50% deferrable portion of the short-term incentive
                 into additional DSUs, as described below.
Matching DSUs Matching DSUs correspond to a match at a rate of 25% of any             Same as DSUs above.
              short-term incentive award amount paid out that an eligible
              participant elects to defer and receive in the form of DSUs. This
              25%-match is applicable on up to 50% of the total deferrable
              short-term incentive amount that any eligible participant is
              entitled to.
              Subject to limited exceptions, the Matching DSUs vest over three
              years at a rate of 1/3 per anniversary year, but their settlement is
              deferred.

Further information on the Corporation’s long-term incentive plans is included in Appendix "C" of this Circular.
Indirect compensation
Executives receive retirement and other benefits as part of a competitive total compensation package.
Retirement benefits include a defined contribution plan for executives in Canada and Europe, and non-qualified defined
contribution plan in the U.S. as well as a supplemental retirement benefit (see page 80 to read more about retirement benefits).



                                                                                                                                                        71

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Other benefits include a company vehicle, a health cost reimbursement program (disability, group life, accident, health and travel
insurance) and financial planning as part of a competitive package to attract and retain high performing executives.
Executives and other regular full-time employees can also participate in our Employee Share Purchase Plan (“ESPP”). Since fiscal
2021, executives can contribute up to 10% of their annual base salary to purchase Class A Shares and, unlike other employees, are
not required to wait one year of continuous service prior to doing so. Contributions are made by payroll deduction and the
Corporation makes matching contributions of 25% of each participant’s contribution up to a maximum of $1,250 per year.
Participants receive dividends paid on our Class A Shares. Contributions can be made to a registered retirement savings plan (RRSP),
a non-registered account or a tax-free savings account (TFSA).

Compensation Mix
We emphasize at-risk pay to motivate the executive team to execute the business plan, in line with our strategy and values, and to
create value for our shareholders over time. Total at-risk pay includes the short-term incentive bonus as well as the majority of the
long-term incentive bonus, namely PSUs representing 65% of awarded share units, and 100% of awarded stock options.


                                        CEO                                       NEOs other than CEO




                               Salary (17%)                                             Salary (29%)
                               Annual short-term incentive (27%)                        Annual short-term incentive (21%)
                               Share units (47%)                                        Share units (37%)
                               Stock options (9%)                                       Stock options (13%)




Annual Compensation Review Process on Management of Risk

Role of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
The Board has given the HRCG Committee the mandate to, among other things, review and recommend senior executive
compensation components and policies, to ensure that they are consistent with best practices while also considering new
compensation trends. The HRCG Committee oversees our executive compensation program, leadership succession plans and Board
succession. It also helps the Board fulfill its responsibilities relating to human resources, director compensation and corporate
governance.
The HRCG Committee is made up of four independent directors: Mélanie Kau (committee chair), Janice L. Fields, Daniel Rabinowicz
and Louis Têtu. Each is qualified and experienced.

                                                               Skills and experience

                                     Compensation/        Senior
                                     labour relations/    executive        Corporate          Industry
                                     human resources      leadership       governance         experience
Mélanie Kau, Committee chair                 ü                     ü              ü                  ü
Janice L. Fields                             ü                     ü              ü                  ü
Daniel Rabinowicz                            ü                     ü              ü                  ü
Louis Têtu                                   ü                     ü              ü                  ü




                                                                                                                               72

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
None of the members of the HRCG Committee is or has been indebted towards the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or has or
has had an interest in any material transaction involving the Corporation in the course of fiscal 2022. None of the members of the
HRCG Committee is or has been an officer, employee or executive of the Corporation.
The HRCG Committee reviews our corporate performance and relative shareholder return and evaluates individual performance
when making its decisions about executive pay for the year. It also reviews the compensation packages for the Founder and
Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and the other Executive Officers including the NEOs for the previous year and assesses
overall market competitiveness.
The HRCG Committee makes recommendations to the Board for its review and approval, including target compensation and actual
awards and any changes to our human resources and compensation policies and programs.
Our decision-making process
We have a thorough and disciplined process for making decisions about executive compensation.



 1                          2                          3                           4                          5
 Review                     Set performance            Conduct an                  Assess                     Award
 compensation               targets and                ongoing                     corporate and              compensation
 program                    objectives                 review of the               individual
                                                       market and                  performance
                                                       performance

1.   Review compensation program
The HRCG Committee reviews plan design and target compensation, consulting with its independent advisor, as needed, to
benchmark target compensation for market competitiveness and internal equity. At the same time, the committee reviews the
compensation peer group to make sure the companies in the group are relevant and makes any necessary changes.
The HRCG Committee carries out a formal compensation review every two years and makes any recommendations about changes
to compensation policy, individual plans and the overall program to the Board for its review and approval. A formal compensation
review was conducted in March 2022.

2. Set performance targets and objectives for executive compensation
Based on our strategic plan and annual business plan, management sets and the HRCG Committee approves financial objectives
and performance criteria for annual incentives and long-term incentives. The HRCG Committee also approves KRA and individual
objectives for the President and CEO and each of the other NEOs, including other senior officers based on input from the President
and CEO.

3. Conduct an ongoing review of the market and performance
The Board receives regular updates from management at each regular meeting, including a discussion of risks and opportunities.

4. Assess corporate and individual performance
The Board assesses corporate performance under the annual incentive plan to determine the financial component. The HRCG
Committee assesses individual performance of the NEOs against their key result areas and approves an overall individual score for
each that is reflected in the NEOs’ annual performance bonus payout.

5. Award compensation
The HRCG Committee determines annual incentive awards and grants of long-term incentive awards. It reviews the performance
vesting conditions of the performance-based share units awards and determines the payout. It also reviews salaries and approves
any adjustments for the upcoming year within defined parameters approved by the Board.
The Board reviews the HRCG Committee’s analysis and recommendations for incentive awards and approves the awards.
The Board can use its discretion to adjust the recommended awards based on extenuating circumstances.

Role of the Compensation Consultant
The HRCG Committee has retained Willis Towers Watson since 2012 as an independent compensation consultant.
Willis Towers Watson advises the HRCG Committee on the competitiveness of our executive compensation program and reviews the
compensation components and incentive plan design and metrics to make sure they continue to be appropriate. Pension, other


                                                                                                                             73

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
benefits and provisions regarding employment and change of control are part of this review. Decisions related to executive
compensation remain the responsibility of the HRCG Committee and the Board, who, in determining executive compensation for
fiscal 2023, considered the advice of Tower Watson provided in 2022 on executive compensation.
The table below shows the fees paid to the independent consultant in the last two fiscal years.

                                                                  2022                      2021
Executive compensation-related fees                             $99,385                      $—
All other fees                                                      $—                     $6,600
Total                                                           $99,385                    $6,600

The external consultant conducts this review every two years and completed its last review in fiscal 2022. Their review addressed
base salary, short-term incentives and long-term-incentives, and the results were used to assess any potential gap between the
market median and internal compensation levels.
Based on recommendation contained in the external benchmarking report delivered by Willis Towers Watson in fiscal 2022, the
HRCG Committee recommended, and the Board approved, several changes to the executives’ compensation in order to bring it
closer to the market median with a larger proportion of the compensation increase to be allocated to long-term incentives. Such
changes are to be effective as of fiscal 2023 and include the following:

        ▪   changes to the executive teams’ salary range;
        ▪   increase the annual grant of Share Units from 280% to 390% of base salary for the CEO;
        ▪   increase in the annual grant of Share Units from 100% to 210% for the CFO, 80% to 210% for the Executive Vice President
            Operations, North America and 80% to 100% for the Chief Marketing Officer;
        ▪   increase in the annual stock options grant from 61% to 120% for the CEO, 82.94% to 211% for the Executive Chairman, 15%
            to 55% for the CFO, 12% to 55% for the Executive Vice President Operations, North America, and 12% to 25% for the Chief
            Marketing Officer. Using the Black-Scholes methodology for the annual stock options grant valuation;
        ▪   increase the annual short-term incentive bonus from 60% to 75% for the Executive Vice President Operations, North
            America and the Chief Marketing Officer; and
        ▪   increase in range of PSU payout in line with market practice.

Managing compensation related risk
We recognize that some level of risk-taking is needed to drive the entrepreneurial spirit, stay competitive and achieve the growth
our shareholders expect.
The HRCG Committee is committed to ensuring our compensation program supports our long-term growth and does not encourage
excessive risk-taking. It regularly reviews the design of our incentive plans and also makes sure we have appropriate policies in
place to encourage proper conduct and sound decision-making.
The Corporation uses, among other things, the following practices to discourage or mitigate inappropriate risk taking:
  ▪ The majority of executive compensation is variable (at-risk) and based on performance (see page 66);
  ▪ the Board approves the Corporation’s strategic plan, annual budgets, and financial and other targets, which are considered in
    the context of assessing performance and awarding incentives;
  ▪ there is an appropriate mix of pay, including fixed and performance-based compensation with short- and longer-term
    performance conditions and vesting periods;
  ▪ base salaries are established to provide regular income, regardless of share price;
  ▪ annual short-term incentive awards are capped and based on the achievement of a number of financial and strategic
    performance objectives;
  ▪ long-term equity-based incentive grants, if and when granted, are approved by the Board;
  ▪ when considering the approval of bonus payout and long-term incentive grants, if any, the Board considers whether the
    anticipated costs are reasonable relative to the Corporation’s projected and actual income, and amounts are not paid under the
    Corporation’s annual incentive plans until achievement of the relevant financial results have been confirmed by audited
    financial statements of the Corporation;
  ▪ the Corporation’s performance-based long-term incentives are comprised of PSUs which fully vest after three years only, and
    which payout if based on the achievement of performance criteria, ensuring that executives remain exposed to the risks of
    their decisions and vesting periods align with risk realization periods. RSUs fully vest after three years of their issuance and



                                                                                                                              74

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
    their intrinsic value lies in the long term performance of the share price, thereby aligning interests of the executives with those
    of the shareholders;
  ▪ the Corporation has an Executive Share Ownership Requirement for the NEOs and other key executive officers of the
    Corporation;
  ▪ the executives may not purchase financial instruments to hedge a decrease in the market value of the Class A Shares held for
    the purpose of the share ownership requirements;
  ▪ the Corporation has adopted an executive compensation clawback policy (the “Clawback Policy”) which allows it to require
    repayment of incentive compensation under certain circumstances (see below for additional details on this policy);
  ▪ the HRCG Committee maintains overall discretion to adjust annual incentive payouts to take into account both unexpected and
    extraordinary events;
  ▪ employees, officers and directors and others associated with our Corporation must abide to our Code in and make sure to
    always protect Alimentation Couche-Tard’s property and assets, exercise good judgment, treat everyone with respect, and act
    ethically and responsibly in everything they do; and
  ▪ the Corporation has adopted an Insider Trading Policy, pursuant to which insiders may not trade our securities on information
    that has not yet been publicly released, or “tip” information to anyone outside the Corporation, consistent with securities
    legislation.

The Board of Directors and the HRCG Committee believe the Corporation’s compensation plans are designed and administered
with the appropriate balance of risk and reward, do not encourage excessive risk-taking behaviour and are not likely to have a
material adverse effect on the Corporation.

Clawback
We have a clawback policy to protect shareholders from fraudulent activity and the associated payment of unearned short and long-
term incentive awards. It applies to current and former executive officers, and any others specifically designated by the Board, as
well as officers of any subsidiary that we directly or indirectly control. Our Clawback policy was amended in fiscal 2022.
Under the policy, the Board has sole discretion, to the full extent permitted by law and to the extent it determines that it is in our
best interest to do so, to:
  ▪ require an officer to reimburse all or a portion of any awarded performance-based incentive compensation;
  ▪ require an officer to reimburse any profit realized from the exercise of or vesting of an incentive compensation award; or
  ▪ cancel any outstanding unvested incentive awards granted to an officer, if:
     ▪ the amount of the incentive compensation was calculated based on, or was contingent on, the achievement of certain
       financial results that were subsequently determined by the Board to have been achieved and/or calculated due to the gross
       negligence, intentional misconduct or fraud of the officers; and
     ▪ the amount of the incentive compensation that would have been awarded to, or received by, or the profit realized by the
       officer had the financial results been properly determined.

Benchmarking
We consider each executive role to maintain internal equity. We also benchmark our compensation against other companies to
make sure we are competitive with the market.
We use a compensation peer group made up of companies we compete with for executive talent and position our total target
compensation for executives around the median of the peer group. Actual awards can be higher or lower depending on
performance.
Willis Towers Watson assists the HRCG Committee by reviewing the compensation peer group to make sure it stays relevant. It
conducts research and analysis, using four criteria to select appropriate companies for the peer group:
  ▪ companies in similar industries: food retail, general merchandise stores, oil and gas refining and marketing and restaurants;
  ▪ companies with annual revenue ranging from USD$6 billion to USD$138 billion;
  ▪ companies with a market capitalization of USD$8 billion to USD$111 billion;
  ▪ companies operating in North America with an emphasis on U.S. corporations because a significant portion of our revenues are
    derived from the United States.




                                                                                                                                 75

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Our compensation peer group was last reviewed in fiscal 2022. As a result of this review, it was modified with the replacement of
Marathon Petroleum Corporation by Albertsons Companies, Inc. Our current peer group is composed of the following 15 Canadian
and U.S. companies:
Compensation peer group
Canada                                                United States
  ▪ Canadian Tire Corporation Limited                   • Albertsons Companies, Inc.                     ▪   The TJX Companies, Inc.
  ▪ Metro Inc.                                          • Casey’s General Stores, Inc.                   ▪   The Kroger Co.
  ▪ Restaurant Brands International Ltd.                • Dollar General Corporation                     ▪   Walgreens
    Partnership                                         • Dollar Tree, Inc.                              ▪   Yum! Brands, Inc.
  ▪ George Weston Limited                               • Starbucks Corporation
  ▪ Empire Company Limited                              • Target Corp.

The table below shows our ranking compared to the median of Canadian companies, U.S. companies and the peer group overall.

                                       Median statistics in relation to Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.


                                                                                     Market
                                          Revenue           Net income         capitalization
                                   last fiscal year      last fiscal year as at May 5, 2022     Number of
                                    (US$ millions)        (US$ millions)      (US$ millions)    employees
 Compensation peer group                  $29,061                $1,328             $35,276        204,056
 Canadian companies only                  $14,462                  $850             $13,250             53,049
 U.S. companies only                      $41,385                $2,564             $40,282        290,000
 Alimentation Couche-Tard                 $62,810                $2,683             $59,311        122,000
 Percentile ranking                             67                   67                   73                 38




                                                                                                                                       76

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Executive Share Ownership Requirement
Our equity ownership requirements ensure that our executives have a stake in our future                         /
success and that their interests are aligned with those of our shareholders. Requirements vary                  EXECUTIVES AS OWNERS
by level and executives must meet their ownership requirement within five years of assuming                     We believe our executives
a position subject to such requirement. NEOs can count Class A Shares and DSUs shares they                      should feel like owners and
hold directly and indirectly toward meeting the requirement but cannot include performance                      should have a significant
share units or restricted share units.                                                                          stake in the Corporation.
In order to increase the alignment of executives’ and shareholders’ interests, executives can
voluntarily elect to receive DSUs instead of RSUs. In addition, following amendments to our
DSUP, NEOs and other executives are able to participate in our DSUP by electing to receive up
to 50% of their short-term incentive award payout in DSUs instead of cash, (the “DSU
Voluntary Election”), and the Corporation incentivizes this voluntary election by granting
additional DSUs equal to twenty-five percent (25%) of the number of DSUs credited to the
account of such executive pursuant to their DSU Voluntary Election (the “DSU Match”). The
DSU Match vests over a period of three (3) years (one third (1/3) per year) from the date of
grant of such DSU Match. This election is designed to enable our executives to attain their
respective shareholding levels as required under the Corporation’s Shareholding Guidelines.
For more information about our DSUP please go to page 38 of this Circular.
We use the acquisition price or the market value of the holdings at the time we assess their
equity ownership, whichever is higher, to value their ownership.

The table below shows each NEO’s equity ownership as at April 24, 2022. We used the closing price on the TSX on April 24, 2022, to
calculate the value of the Class A Shares ($56.68).

                                                                 Shares and Awards owned
                                                                                                               Meets share
                                                                 as at April 24, 2022                          ownership
                                      Equity ownership                                                         requirements or
                                      requirement                    Class A          DSUs            Total    date by which it
                     2022 base salary (multiple of salary)           Shares                    market value    should be met
Alain Bouchard             $1,470,059         10.0x              123,219,953             —    $6,984,106,936   yes
Brian Hannasch             $1,908,447          5.0x                  921,956             —      $52,256,466    yes
Claude Tessier               $707,063          2.0x                   33,673      14,902         $2,753,231    yes
Alex Miller                  $776,791          1.5x                   22,879          9,628      $1,842,497    yes
Kevin Lewis                  $772,397          1.5x                   12,654          9,873      $1,276,830    yes


Description of Compensation paid to Named Executive Officers in 2022
Base Salary
Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis are paid in U.S. dollars and their amounts have been converted to Canadian dollars using the
average exchange rates for each fiscal year, 1.2539 for fiscal 2022 and 1.3120 for fiscal 2021.

                                                         2022                  2021
Alain Bouchard                                     $1,470,059           $1,470,059
Brian Hannasch                                     $1,908,447           $1,948,171
Claude Tessier                                        $707,063            $693,199
Alex Miller                                           $776,791            $787,200
Kevin Lewis                                           $772,397            $784,647


Annual short-term incentive plan
NEOs are entitled to receive short-term incentive awards for achieving or exceeding pre-determined goals derived from the annual
business plan. The HRCG Committee aligns the Corporation’s short-term incentive metrics with the Corporation’s strategic plan and
selects financial performance indicators that are part of the Corporation’s annual business plan and long-term strategic plan and
are highly correlated with value creation for Shareholders. The HRCG Committee reviewed the Corporation’s results and assessed
the CEO’s performance against his performance and also analyzed and discussed with the CEO the performance of the other NEOs

                                                                                                                                       77

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
and executives of the Corporation in order to recommend their respective short-term incentive award payments to the Board for
approval.
For fiscal 2022, the NEOs’ short-term incentive was dependent at 75% upon the achievement of the Company-wide financial target
(net income), and the remaining 25% upon the achievement of individual KRAs.
Net earnings of USD$2,683 millions resulted in an achievement of 111.93% of the Company-wide financial target. Since our short-
term incentive program provides a sliding scale for performance achievement of our Company-wide financial target from zero to
250%, the 111.93% achievement translated into a 137% payout of the Company-wide financial component.
Regarding the individual component, the NEOs were each assigned four key result areas. We do not disclose specific individual
objectives for competitive reasons. Individual objectives are quantitative and qualitative and some objectives stem from our
strategic planning process and extend beyond a fiscal year. Disclosing them would expose the Corporation to serious prejudice and
weaken our competitive advantage. The attainment of the individual component averaged 86.86% for the NEOs, reflecting solid
performance in the individual KRA. All of our executives have individual KRAs that contained ESG elements.
The following table shows their respective overall achievement of these key result areas combined:

                               2022 overall
Individual component           individual component
(25%)                          achievement
Alain Bouchard                 95.0%
Brian Hannasch                 95.0%
Claude Tessier                 90.1%
Alex Miller                    78.3%
Kevin Lewis                    85.9%

The short-term incentive award target, consolidated performance metrics, weighting and actual results and payout for fiscal 2022
are set out in the following table:

                                                        Corporate
                                                         financial
                                                       component             Individual                                                           2022
                                     Target                (net                                        Actual
                                                                            component                                                            Actual
                                   incentive     x [     earnings)      +                    ] =      Payout        x      Salary        =
                                                                            (% achieved                                                          Payout
                                 (% of salary)         (137% x 75%)                                (% of salary)
                                                                               x 25%)                                                          ($ or DSU)
                                                       (sliding scale
                                                       up to 250%)


Alain Bouchard                              50% X             102.75% +             23.75%    =            63.25% x        $1,470,059 =         $929,812

                                           125% X             102.75% +                       =                            $1,897,705 =
                    (1)                                                                                                                                      (2)
Brian Hannasch                                                                      23.75%                158.13% x                           $3,000,841

                                            75% X             102.75% +                       =                             $703,863 =
                                                                                                                                                             (2)
Claude Tessier                                                                      22.53%                 93.96% x                             $661,350

                                            60% X             102.75% +                       =                             $771,149 =
          (1)                                                                                                                                                (2)
Alex Miller                                                                         19.58%                 73.40% X                             $566,023

                                            60% X             102.75% +                       =                             $767,206 =
              (1)                                                                                                                                            (2)
Kevin Lewis                                                                         21.48%                 74.54% x                             $571,875

(1) Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis are paid in U.S. dollars. Their amounts have been converted to Canadian dollars using the average exchange rate
    for the year of 1.2539.
(2) As it is now permitted for in the DSUP, Messrs. Hannasch, Tessier, Miller and Lewis elected to receive a portion of their short-term incentive in DSUs
    instead of cash.




                                                                                                                                                      78

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Long-term incentive plan
Payout of the 2019 long-term incentive awards

The share units awards granted in fiscal 2019 vested on July 17, 2021 and were paid out in late
July 2021, with a performance factor of 65% based on our achievement of five equally weighted
                                                                                                              PAY FOR PERFORMANCE
measures and a time-based component weighted at 35%.
                                                                                                              PSU payout is based on the
The performance-based portion of the long-term incentive award paid out at 79% with one out
                                                                                                              achievement of performance
of five performance measurements paying out partially and one not paying out at all. The
                                                                                                              objectives that are
measures were determined at the time of the grant and included same store sales growth, fuel
                                                                                                              established at the time of
volume, merchandise and service margins excluding tobacco and return on capital employed
                                                                                                              the award.
(“ROCE”). As in the previous years, an ESG metric was also part of the performance measures,
namely employee engagement.                                                                                   The actual value of the
                                                                                                              units that vest is based on
The price of our Shares increased from $30.93 at the time of grant to $47.95 when the Share
                                                                                                              the market value of our
Units were paid out, representing a 35.49% increase over the three-year period. Since the fiscal
                                                                                                              shares at the end of the
2019 share units awards vested after our share split, prices relating thereto are expressed on a
                                                                                                              three-year period.
post-share split basis. This resulted in a 86.35% payout of this long-term incentive: (79% x 65%
performance criteria) + (100% x 35% time based criteria).

                           Corporate
                           performance       Time vested
                                                                                      Number
                                             employment                                              Market
                           factor                                                     of
                                             service             Share Unit                          price
                       [   achievement   +   factor        ] =   vesting factor
                                                                                  x   Share      x   of our      = Payout           Realized
                                                                                                                                    value
                           (0 to 100%)                                                Units
                                             x                                                       Shares                         as a % of
              Grant        x                                                          granted                                       grant
                                             35%
              date         65%                                                                                                      value


Alain
              2018-07-18      51.35%     +       35%        =        86.350%      x     63,665   x   $47.95       =    $2,636,038     134%
Bouchard
Brian
              2018-07-18      51.35%     +       35%        =        86.350%      x    111,735   x   $47.95       =    $4,626,368     134%
Hannasch
Claude
              2018-07-18      51.35%     +       35%        =        86.350%      x     21,859   x   $47.95       =     $905,068      134%
Tessier
Alex Miller   2018-07-18      51.35%     +       35%        =        86.350%      x     16,286   x   $47.95       =     $674,319      134%
Kevin Lewis   2018-07-18      51.35%     +       35%        =        86.350%      x     19,234   x   $47.95       =     $796,380      134%


About the 2022 long-term incentive awards
On July 9, 2021, NEOs were awarded long-term incentive awards composed of Share Units of which 65% are PSUs, and 35% are
either RSUs or DSUs at the election of each NEO. These 2022 PSUs and 2022 RSUs will vest April 28, 2024 and their valuation date
will be July 8, 2024.
The 2022 PSUs are subject to the achievement of four performance measures, each weighted 20%, which include same store fuel
gross profit growth, same store merchandise and service gross profit growth, ROCE and employee engagement. The overall score
for the five measures will determine the number of 2022 PSUs that vest. We do not disclose the details of the results compared to
measures for competitive reasons.
The 2022 DSUs that some executives elected to receive instead of their RSUs vested immediately as per the DSUP but will only
become payable to the NEOs upon them ceasing to be an employee of the Corporation.
To determine the appropriate value of long-term incentive grants provided to the NEOs, the HRCG Committee considers the
practices of our peer group and external market data, as well as internal factors including executive retention, dilutive impact and
long-term value creation.




                                                                                                                                         79

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
The table below shows the 2022 long-term incentives awarded to the NEOs and the weighting allocation between Share Units and
stock options.


                   2022 target long-
                     term incentive    Options/PSU/
                   awards (as a % of     RSU Target       Options        PSU award      RSU award       DSU award      Total award
                        base salary)            Mix    award value            value          value           value            value
                                       60% Options       $4,204,339      $1,815,518        $977,573              —      $6,997,430
Alain Bouchard          476%           + 26% PSUs
                                       + 14% RSUs
                                       42% Options       $3,892,973      $3,443,438      $1,854,142              —      $9,190,553
Brian Hannasch          482%           + 37% PSUs
                                       + 20% RSUs
                                       33% Options        $353,514         $459,557               —       $247,471      $1,060,542
Claude Tessier          150%           + 43% PSUs
                                       + 23% DSUs
                                       33% Options        $301,794         $400,459               —       $215,642        $917,895
Alex Miller             118%           + 43% PSUs
                                       + 23% DSUs
                                       34% Options        $300,073         $366,569               —       $214,411        $881,053
Kevin Lewis             114%           + 42% PSUs
                                       + 24% DSUs
Value                                                                 Currency exchange rate
For fiscal 2022, the HRCG Committee determined long-term              The currency exchange rate used for purposes of establishing
incentive awards on the basis of their notional value (at par) and    awards for Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis in equivalent U.S.
used a discount factor of 50% (instead of the Black-Scholes model     dollars at the date of award was 1.2431 and the currency
used for purposes of the Summary Compensation Table) to               exchange rate used for purposes of establishing stock options
establish stock option grants. As of fiscal 2023, the valuation       awards for Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis in equivalent to
method used to establish stock option grants will be the Black-       U.S. dollars at the date of the award was 1.2180.
Scholes model.)

Retirement benefits
We offer a registered pension plan for Canadian executives, non-qualified deferred compensation plans for U.S. executives and
supplemental retirement plans for Canadian and U.S. executives.
Canada
NEOs in Canada participate in the following plans:
Registered pension plan (funded according to applicable legislation in Canada)
  ▪ Canadian registered pension plan (RPP)
Supplemental retirement plans (unfunded plans)
  ▪ Canadian supplemental retirement program (basic DB SERP)
  ▪ Canadian enhanced supplemental retirement program (enhanced DB SERP)
  ▪ Defined contribution supplemental executive retirement program (DC SERP)
RPP DB component, basic DB SERP and enhanced DB SERP
The RPP has a defined benefit (DB) component and a defined contribution (DC) component. At the end of fiscal 2016, we modified
our defined benefit plans for executives in Canada to freeze accruals and replaced them with defined contribution benefits.
The DB component of the RPP, in conjunction with the basic DB SERP or the enhanced DB SERP, as applicable, provide an annual
retirement income equal to 2% per year of credited service, multiplied by the final average salary of the executive’s three best years
(and 50% of the annual incentive, the incentive being limited to 100% of base salary, for credited service in the enhanced DB SERP),
with no offset for any payment from the Canada and Québec pension plans. The normal retirement age is 65, however participants
can retire early with an un-reduced pension from age 62 (age 60 for credited service in the enhanced DB SERP) and with a reduced
pension from age 55. The normal form of pension under the RPP is a 67% joint and survivor annuity with a five-year guarantee.
The normal form of pension under the basic DB SERP is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for five years.
The normal form of pension under the enhanced DB SERP is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for the first five years and a 50% joint
and survivor annuity for the following five years; there is no death benefit after 10 years.
RPP DC component and DC SERP
The Corporation contributes an amount equal to 12% of the executive’s base salary to the DC component of the RPP up to the limit
imposed by legislation, and the excess amount on a notional basis to the DC SERP. Executives who were participating in the DB


                                                                                                                                         80

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
component of the RPP and in the basic DB SERP at the time these plans were frozen receive a contribution that is greater than 12%
and that varies by individual (no current NEO is eligible for such additional contribution).
Benefits under the DC component of the RPP are payable as a tax-sheltered transfer to an eligible retirement vehicle. Benefits
under the DC SERP are paid as a lump sum or in annual installments of up to five years.
Who participates
Mr. Bouchard participates in the DB component of the RPP and the enhanced DB SERP. He commenced receipt of his monthly
benefits in fiscal 2021 under both plans, per the statutory requirements.
Mr. Tessier participates in the DC component of the RPP and the DC SERP.
United States
NEOs in the U.S. can participate in the following plans:
  ▪ U.S. supplemental defined benefit retirement program (U.S. DB SERP)
  ▪ Non-qualified deferred compensation plan (non-qualified plan)
  ▪ Non-qualified deferred compensation plan that was established in fiscal 2017 (new non-qualified plan)
  ▪ 401(k) plan (historical contributions only as it pertains to Mr. Hannasch)
At the end of fiscal 2016 we froze accruals under the U.S. DB SERP and participation in the non-qualified plan for executives other
than Top Level Participants and replaced them with the new non-qualified plan.
U.S. DB SERP
The U.S. DB SERP is an unfunded, non-qualified defined benefit plan that provides an annual retirement income equal to 2% per
year of credited service, multiplied by the final average base salary of the executive’s three best years (and 50% of the annual
incentive, the incentive being limited to 100% of base salary, for Top-Level Participants), offset by company matching contributions
to the non-qualified plan, and with no offset for social security benefits. The normal retirement age is 65, however executives can
retire early with an un-reduced pension from age 62 (age 60 for credited service as a Top-Level Participant) and with a reduced
pension from age 55. Upon termination of employment before age 55, the vested accrued pension is payable from age 65.
The normal form of pension under the U.S. DB SERP is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for five years. For Top-Level Participants, it is a
lifetime annuity guaranteed for the first five years and a 50% joint and survivor annuity for the following five years; there is no death
benefit after 10 years.
Non-qualified plan and new non-qualified plan
Under the non-qualified plan and the new non-qualified plan, participants can defer up to 25% of their base salary and up to 100%
of their pre-tax annual incentive. For positions below Vice-President level and for Top-Level Participants of the U.S. DB SERP, the
Corporation makes a matching contribution to the non-qualified plan equal to 100% of employee deferrals to this plan, up to 7% of
their base salary.
For Vice-Presidents and above, with the exception of Top-Level Participants of the U.S. DB SERP, no matching company
contributions are made under the new non-qualified plan; instead, contributions of 8% of base salary are made as of the date the
participant was appointed to an executive position. Executives other than Top Level Participants who were participating in the U.S.
DB SERP and in the non-qualified plan at the time these plans were frozen receive a contribution that is greater than 8% and that
varies by individual. Mr. Miller is one of such individuals, and his annual company contribution rate is 20.8%.
Participants choose to have their contributions deposited in a retirement account or an in-service account or allocated between the
two. Company contributions are deposited in retirement accounts.
Participants choose to notionally invest their contributions and those of the Corporation from a range of options provided under
the plans. The investment funds provided under the plans are selected by the Corporation, and the Corporation may elect to
change them from time to time, at the discretion of the plan administrator. Participants may alter their investment fund choices up
to six times per year.
Retirement accounts allow income to be paid as a lump sum or in annual installments for up to five years when the participant
retires, and as a lump sum when employment is terminated before retirement. In-service accounts also have these features, and
also allow participants to access the income five years after deferral.
The plans are not funded; however, the Corporation sets aside assets in a rabbi trust and attempts to mirror the participants’
hypothetical earnings in these plans.
401(k) plan
The 401(k) plan is a tax-qualified plan that is funded in accordance with applicable laws. Participation in the 401(k) plan generally
ceases when participants join the non-qualified plan or the new non-qualified plan.

                                                                                                                                   81

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Who participates
Mr. Hannasch is a Top-Level Participant accruing benefits in the U.S. DB SERP and the non-qualified plan. He also accrued benefits
under the 401(k) plan prior to joining the non-qualified plan. Messrs. Miller and Lewis participate in the new non-qualified plan and
Mr. Miller also accrued benefits in the U.S. DB SERP and the non-qualified plan up to the date that these plans were frozen for
participants other than Top-Level Participants.

Pension benefits table – defined benefits plan
The table below sets out the pension benefits earned by each NEO as at the end of fiscal 2022 under the Corporation’s defined
benefit pension plans. The present values of defined benefit obligations at the beginning and end of the fiscal year are based on the
same actuarial assumptions and methods used in our audited financial statements to determine our obligations under the DB
retirement plans at these dates.
                                                                                                          Opening
                                                                                                           present
                                                                          Annual benefits payable          value of                                    Closing present
                          Number of years
                           credited service                 At year end                   At age 65        defined                               Non- value of defined
                                                                                                            benefit    Compensatory       compensatory          benefit
                           RPP        SERP            RPP         SERP            RPP          SERP      obligation         change             change        obligation
Alain Bouchard            14.17       35.00       $58,147    $1,356,556        $58,147   $1,356,556     $30,556,031                  $0     ($5,040,845)       $25,515,186
Brian Hannasch               —        20.92             —     $832,067              —    $1,272,003     $15,750,182           $857,101      ($2,135,999)       $14,471,284
Alex Miller                  —         3.50             —      $38,618              —       $38,618        $715,458             $2,048        ($137,018)          $580,488

Annual benefits payable                                                                  a portion of his service and for Mr. Miller is an annuity guaranteed for 5
The annual benefit is the lifetime pension payable at the normal                         years.
retirement age of 65 based on the final average base salary of the                       Opening present value of defined benefit obligation
executive’s three best years as at April 30, 2022 (increased for service in              For Mr. Bouchard, the amounts indicated include pension benefits payable
the enhanced SERP by the lesser of 50% of the actual bonus paid and 50%                  under the RPP and the SERP.
of the base salary) and based on years of credited service at year end or as
of age 65. Mr. Bouchard began receiving his monthly benefits under the                   Compensatory change
RPP and SERP effective October 1, 2020; the amounts shown are those                      The compensatory change is the value of the projected pension earned for
actually in payment as of April 30, 2022.                                                the period from April 30, 2021 to April 30, 2022, including the impact on
                                                                                         the obligation of any differences between actual earnings and those
The annual benefits shown for Messrs. Hannasch and Miller are net of the
                                                                                         estimated and any plan changes.
equivalent pension provided from company matching contributions to the
non-qualified deferred compensation plan and the 401(k) plan that were                   Non-compensatory change
made after the SERP entry date.                                                          The non-compensatory change is the value of items other than
                                                                                         compensatory, such as interest on the accrued obligation at the start of
Mr. Bouchard’s payments under the RPP and SERP include a 66% joint and
                                                                                         the fiscal year, changes in assumptions, change in exchange rates and
survivor benefit with a 5-year guarantee.
                                                                                         other experience gains and losses for the period from April 30, 2021 to
The normal form of pension of the enhanced SERP for Mr. Hannasch is an                   April 30, 2022. In the case of Mr. Bouchard, it also reflects the reduction in
annuity guaranteed during the first 5 years, a 50% joint and survivor                    value corresponding to the benefits paid to him in the fiscal year.
annuity for the following 5 years and there is no death benefit after 10
years. The normal form of pension of the basic SERP for Mr. Hannasch for

Pension benefits table – defined contribution plan and deferred compensation plans
The following table shows the benefits earned by each NEO as at the end of fiscal 2022 under the Corporation’s defined
contribution pension plans and its U.S. deferred compensation plans.
Amounts for Mr. Tessier relate to his participation in the Canadian registered pension plan and DC SERP.
Amounts for Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis relate to their participation in the U.S. non-qualified deferred compensation plans
and, in the case of Mr. Hannasch, in the 401(k) plan.

                                  Accumulated value at                                       Non-compensatory Accumulated value at year
                                                             Compensatory change
                                     start of fiscal year                                             change                       end
Alain Bouchard                                       n/a                          n/a                         n/a                          n/a
Brian Hannasch                                $6,587,844                  $143,967                    ($2,829,262)                  $3,902,549
Claude Tessier                                 $525,493                        $89,391                   ($23,844)                   $591,040
Kevin Lewis                                   $1,564,411                       $61,424                   $227,015                   $1,852,850
Alex Miller                                   $1,403,132                  $160,545                     ($131,803)                   $1,431,874

Compensatory change                                                                      Non-compensatory change
The compensatory change is the value of company contributions made for                   Non-compensatory amounts include employee contributions and
the period from April 26, 2021 to April 24, 2022.                                        investment returns, net of any benefit payments and refunds and
                                                                                         including the effect of changes in exchange rates.




                                                                                                                                                               82

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Termination and Change of Control Benefit

We do not have employment agreements with our NEOs. The terms of employment and any entitlements are set out in the
offer of employment each executive received at the time of hire or promotion. The offer letter includes a description of the role,
salary, benefits and vacation, as well as the terms of participating in our incentive plans. If an executive’s employment is
terminated, his or her entitlements are according to the laws of the jurisdiction where they reside, and the terms of the
incentive plan documents.
Each executive is subject to non-solicitation and confidentiality provisions to protect the interests of Alimentation Couche-Tard.
The following table shows how each compensation component is treated if employment is terminated.

                                                                    Termination             Termination
              Resignation               Retirement                  with cause              without cause               Change in control
Salary        None                      None                        None                    As required by law          As required by law
(severance)
Annual        Forfeited                 Pro-rated for the time      Forfeited               Forfeited                   Pro-rated for the time
incentive                               worked in the fiscal year                                                       worked in the fiscal year
                                        to the retirement date.                                                         to the termination date.

PSUs          Forfeited and cancelled   PSUs remain in effect and All PSUs are              PSUs remain in effect and   Outstanding PSUs vest
                                        are payable at the        cancelled.                are payable at the          immediately and paid out
                                        end of the three-year                               end of the three-year       within 5 days following
                                        term if performance                                 term if performance         termination due to a
                                                                                                                        change of control.
                                        conditions are                                      conditions are
                                        met, pro-rated                                      met, prorated
                                                                                                                        Outstanding PSUs shall
                                        to the amount                                       to the amount
                                                                                                                        be paid and valued as at
                                        of time actively                                    of time actively
                                                                                                                        the change of control
                                        employed during the                                 employed during the         date and the vesting
                                        Performance Period.                                 Performance Period.         percentage shall in no
                                                                                                                        case be less than 100%.
RSUs          Forfeited and cancelled   Outstanding RSUs vest     All RSUs are              Outstanding RSUs vest       Outstanding RSUs vest
                                        early and are pro-rated   cancelled.                early and are pro-rated     immediately and are paid
                                        and paid within 30 days                             and paid within 30 days     out within 5 days
                                        from the retirement date.                           from the termination        following the termination
                                                                                            date.                       due to a change of
                                                                                                                        control.
DSUs          Vested DSUs               Vested DSUs become          All DSUs are            Vested DSUs become          Board has
              become payable            payable upon the            cancelled.              payable upon the            discretion to make
              upon the earlier          earlier of a delivery by                            earlier of a delivery       such provision for
              of a delivery by          the Participant of a                                by the Participant of       the protection of
              the Participant           redemption notice or                                a redemption notice         the rights of the
              of a redemption           December 1 of the first                             or December 1 of            Participants.
              notice or                 calendar year following                             the first calendar
              December 1 of             the termination date.                               year following the
              the first calendar                                                            termination date.
              year following the
              termination date.
Matching      Unvested                  Vested Matching             All Matching DSUs are   Vested Matching DSUs        Board has
DSUs          Matching DSUs             DSUs become                 cancelled.              become                      discretion to make
              are cancelled.            payable upon the                                    payable upon the            such provision for
              Vested Matching           earlier of a delivery by                            earlier of a delivery       the protection of
              DSUs are payable          the Participant of a                                by the Participant of       the rights of the
              as DSUs (see              redemption notice or                                a redemption notice         Participants.
              above).                   December 1 of the first                             or December 1 of
                                        calendar year following                             the first calendar
                                        the termination date.                               year following the
                                                                                            termination date.




                                                                                                                                                    83

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                                                                                  Termination                Termination
                   Resignation                  Retirement                        with cause                 without cause              Change in control
Options            Vested Options               Options must be                   All Options are            Vested Options must        Board has
                   must be exercised            exercised before the              cancelled.                 be exercised within        discretion to make
                   within 90 days.              earlier of (i) expiry of                                     90 days.                   such provision for
                   Unvested Options             the Options, or (ii) the                                     Unvested Options are       the protection of
                   are cancelled.               fifth anniversary of                                         Cancelled.                 the rights of the
                                                the retirement date.                                                                    Participants.
                                                Unvested Options shall
                                                continue to vest during
                                                two years after the
                                                retirement date.
Pension            No additional value          No additional value               No additional value        No additional value        No additional value
ESPP shares        shares can be sold or        shares can be sold or             shares can be sold or transferred to a brokerage account (including an RRSP or
                   transferred to a             transferred to a                  TFSA) or a share certificate will be issued up until six months after the
                   brokerage account            brokerage account or a            termination date.
                   (including an RRSP or        share certificate will be
                   TFSA) or a share             issued up until six
                   certificate will be issued   months after the
                   up until six months after    retirement date.
                   the resignation date.
Benefits           End on resignation           Continue as specified in          End on termination         End on termination         End on termination
                                                the executive’s offer
                                                letter


The following table summarizes the incremental payments which would be owed to each NEO in the event of a voluntary
resignation, retirement, termination with cause, termination without cause or following a change of control of the
Corporation, assuming a termination date of on April 24, 2022.

                                                                                           Termination             Termination
                                                   (1)                      (2)                                              (3)                       (4)
                                        Resignation           Retirement                    with cause          without cause        Change of control
Alain Bouchard
Cash severance                                    —                         —                        —                       —                        —
Annual incentive                                  —                $929,813                          —                       —                 $929,813
Share Units                                       —              $2,497,443                          —               $2,497,443             $11,024,857
Stock options                            $17,891,992           $17,891,992                           —             $17,891,992              $17,891,992
Total                                    $17,891,992           $21,319,248                           —             $20,389,435              $29,846,662
Brian Hannasch
Cash severance                                    —                         —                        —                       —                        —
Annual incentive                                  —              $3,017,731                          —                       —               $3,017,731
Share Units                                       —              $4,807,806                          —               $4,807,806             $21,211,387
Stock options                            $63,278,241           $63,278,241                           —             $63,278,241              $63,278,241
Total                                    $63,278,241           $71,103,778                           —             $68,086,047              $87,507,359
Claude Tessier
Cash severance                                    —                         —                        —                       —                        —
Annual incentive                                  —                $664,330                          —                       —                 $664,330
Share Units                                $628,920                $929,470                          —                $929,470               $2,726,057
Stock options                             $4,453,386            $4,453,386                           —               $4,453,386              $4,453,386
Total                                     $5,082,306            $6,047,186                           —              $5,382,857               $7,843,773
Alex Miller
Cash severance                                    —                         —                        —                       —                        —
Annual incentive                                  —                $570,126                          —                       —                 $570,126
Share Units                                $548,974                $801,778                          —                $801,778               $2,350,035
Stock options                              $674,008                $674,008                          —                $674,008                 $674,008
Total                                     $1,222,982             $2,045,912                          —              $1,475,786               $3,594,169
Kevin Lewis
Cash severance                                    —                         —                        —                       —                        —
Annual incentive                                  —                $575,706                          —                       —                 $575,706
Share Units                                $562,848                $829,723                          —                $829,723               $2,433,176
Stock options                              $595,030                $595,030                          —                $595,030                 $595,030
Total                                     $1,157,878             $2,000,460                          —              $1,424,754               $3,603,912



                                                                                                                                                                   84

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
(1) Assumes payment of all DSUs and vested Options. All other Share Units are forfeited and cancelled.
(2) Assumes payment of all DSUs, all RSUs pro-rated to the lisfespan of each respective award, and all vested Options. PSUs remain in effect and
    are payable at the end of the three-year term if performance conditions are met, pro-rated to the amount of time actively employed during the
    Performance Period.
(3) Assumes payment of all DSUs, all RSUs pro-rated to the lisfespan of each respective award, and all vested Options. PSUs PSUs remain in effect
    and are payable at the end of the three-year term if performance conditions are met, pro-rated to the amount of time actively employed
    during the Performance Period.
(4) Assumes the immediate vesting and payment of all PSUs and all RSUs, and PSUs are valued at 100%. Assumes the payment of all DSUs. Also
    assumes that the Board uses its discretion and determines that all vested Options shall be paid immediately.


Key Compensation Tables

Summary compensation table
The table below shows the total compensation awarded to each NEO for the fiscal years ended April 24, 2022, April 25, 2021, and
April 26, 2020.

                                                                                   Non-equity incentive plan
                                                                                                           (4)
                                                                                            compensation
                                                                                     Annual       Long-term
                       Fiscal                   Share-based      Option-based      incentive       incentive        Pension      All other                   Total
                                          (1)             (2)               (3)                                                         (5)
                       year        Salary          awards            awards            plan             plan          value compensation              compensation
Alain Bouchard         2022     $1,470,059       $2,793,113        $1,482,176      $929,813                  —           —                    —            $6,675,161
Founder and            2021     $1,243,897       $2,793,112        $1,205,607     $1,014,341                 —           —                    —            $6,256,957
Executive Chairman     2020     $1,356,978       $2,793,075        $1,044,604      $892,142                  —           —                    —            $6,086,799
Brian Hannasch         2022     $1,897,705       $5,297,625        $1,055,134     $3,017,731                 —   $1,001,068                   —        $12,269,263
President and Chief    2021     $1,716,644       $5,516,183        $1,196,077     $3,382,511                 —   $1,014,108                   —         $12,825,523
Executive Officer      2020     $1,850,455       $5,306,160          $988,767     $2,996,118        $988,650      $951,357                    —         $13,081,507
Claude Tessier         2022      $703,863          $707,063           $95,815      $664,330                  —     $89,391                    —            $2,260,462
Chief Financial        2021      $643,159          $682,953           $98,761      $729,678                  —     $78,732                    —            $2,233,283
Officer                2020      $673,493          $682,894           $84,825      $615,491         $600,000       $83,567                    —            $2,740,270
Kevin Lewis            2022      $767,206          $612,595           $81,330      $575,706                  —     $61,424                    —            $2,098,261
Chief Marketing        2021      $760,914          $630,458           $91,134      $656,396                  —     $65,078                    —            $2,203,980
Officer                2020      $774,799          $606,380           $75,330      $427,028                  —     $61,063                    —            $1,944,600
Alex Miller            2022      $771,149          $616,080           $81,797      $570,126         $470,212      $162,593             $85,623             $2,757,580
Executive Vice-        2021      $752,985          $597,194           $86,325      $634,089         $656,000      $216,976             $76,253             $3,019,822
President,
Operations North
America and Global     2020      $724,425          $574,407           $71,348      $543,065         $593,190      $233,524             $54,488             $2,794,447
Commercial
Optimization

(1) Salary                                                                             receives may be different and could even be zero. See page 87 to read
Salaries for Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis are paid in U.S. dollars.              about vesting and other details of our stock incentive plan.
Amounts were converted to Canadian dollars for reporting purposes using
                                                                                                     Expected dividend   Expected     Risk-free        Expected
the following average exchange rates for each fiscal year: 1.2539 for fiscal
                                                                                                     per share           volatility   interest rate    life (years)
2022, 1.3120 for fiscal 2021, and 1.3344 for fiscal 2020.
                                                                                        2022         $0.35               26.00%       1.12%            8
(2) Share-based awards
Amounts are the fair value of the long-term incentive awards on the grant               2021         $0.28               25.02%       0.46%            8
date, calculated using the weighted average price of Class A Shares on the              2020         $0.25               23.00%       1.56%            8
TSX for the five days prior to the grant (see the table below). The number
of Share Units awarded as well as the share price for each grant are                   (4) Non-equity incentive plan compensation
expressed on a post-Share Split basis. The amount the executive actually               Short-term incentive
receives may be different. See Appendix "C" to read about vesting and                  Messrs. Hannasch, Miller and Lewis receive their annual incentive in U.S.
other details about our Share Unit Plan.                                               dollars. Amounts were converted to Canadian dollars using the following
              Grant date      Units awarded        Share price                         average exchange rates for each fiscal year: 1.2539 for fiscal 2022, 1.3120
                                                                                       for fiscal 2021, and 1.3344 for fiscal 2020.
2022          2021-07-09        314,393              $45.60
2021          2020-07-09        464,414              $43.38                            Long-term incentive

2020          2019-07-19        234,204              $42.18                            In fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2022, Mr. Miller received a special bonus tied to
                                                                                       the successful integration of the Holiday network of stores.
(3) Option-based awards
                                                                                       In fiscal 2020, Messrs. Hannasch, Tessier and Miller received each a special
Amounts are the fair value of the stock option awards on the grant date,               bonus tied to the successful integration of the CST network of stores.
calculated using the Black-Scholes model and the weighted average
assumptions in the table below. The amount the executive actually



                                                                                                                                                               85

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
(5) All other compensation
All Other Compensation” represents perquisites and other personal
benefits which in the aggregate amount to $50,000 or more or are
equivalent to 10% or more of a NEO’s total salary for the applicable fiscal
year. The disclosed amounts include a vehicle allowance of $61,016 for
Mr. Miller.


Outstanding share-based awards and option-based awards
The table below includes details about the share units and stock option awards held by each NEO as of April 24, 2022.
                                                                                                                                 (2)
                                           Option-based awards                                                 Share-based awards

                                                                                                                                                    Market or
                                                                                                                                    Market or     payout value
                                                                                                                   Number of
                                            Number of                                                                            payout value        of vested
                                             securities                                             Value of   Shares or units of share-based     share-based
                                            underlying           Option            Option       unexercised     of Shares that    awards that      awards not
                                           unexercised          exercise        expiration    in-the-money           have not        have not      paid out or
                                                                                                                            (2)
                   Grant date                  options             price              date          options           vested           vested      distributed
Alain Bouchard      July 9, 2021                    —                —                  —                —            61,618        $1,237,690             —
                    May 12, 2021               100,151           $41.98       May 12, 2031      $1,543,327                —                  —             —
                                                          (1)
                    July 9, 2020                98,016           $43.30        July 9, 2030       $956,725            65,353        $1,312,713             —
                    July 17, 2019               99,676           $42.18       July 17, 2029     $1,516,072            67,212        $1,350,054             —
                    July 18, 2018               95,056           $30.93       July 18, 2028     $2,515,182                —                  —             —
                    July 20, 2017               92,978           $30.70       July 19, 2027     $2,481,583                —                  —             —
                    July 20, 2016               96,974           $29.43       July 20, 2026     $2,719,908                —                  —             —
                    July 22, 2015               96,410           $28.75       July 22, 2025     $2,761,664                —                  —             —
                    Sept 24, 2014              160,656           $17.25     Sept 24, 2024       $6,448,732                —                  —             —
Brian Hannasch      July 9, 2021                    —                —                  —                —           116,870        $2,347,509             —
                    May 12, 2021                92,734           $41.98       May 12, 2031      $1,429,031                —                  —             —
                    July 9, 2020                95,506           $43.30        July 9, 2030     $1,345,680           129,068        $2,592,524             —
                    July 17, 2019               94,348           $42.18       July 17, 2029     $1,435,033           127,687        $2,564,785             —
                    July 18, 2018              167,910           $30.93       July 18, 2028     $4,442,899                —                  —             —
                    July 20, 2017              158,052           $30.70       July 19, 2027     $4,218,408                 —                 —             —
                    July 20, 2016              163,796           $29.43       July 20, 2026     $4,578,917                 —                 —             —
                    July 22, 2015              152,456           $28.75       July 22, 2025     $4,367,102                 —                 —             —
                    Sept 24, 2014              900,000           $17.25     Sept 24, 2024      $36,126,000                 —                 —             —
                    Sept 24, 2014              210,868           $17.25     Sept 24, 2024       $8,464,242                 —                 —             —
Claude Tessier      July 9, 2021                    —                —                  —                —            15,597           $313,289            —
                                     (3)
                    July 16, 2021                   —                —                  —                —             3,878            222,558            —
                    May 12, 2021                 8,421           $41.98       May 12, 2031        $129,768                —                  —             —
                    July 9, 2020                 7,866           $43.30        July 9, 2030       $110,832            15,978           $320,942            —
                    July 17, 2019                8,094           $42.18       July 17, 2029       $123,110            16,434           $330,102            —
                    July 18, 2018               10,718           $30.93       July 18, 2028       $283,598                —                  —             —
                    July 20, 2017               10,484           $30.70       July 19, 2027       $279,818                —                  —             —
                    July 20, 2016               10,616           $29.43       July 20, 2026       $296,770                 —                 —             —
                    March 22, 2016             123,526           $29.23    March 22, 2026         $478,492                 —                 —             —




                                                                                                                                                        86

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
                                                                                                                                             (2)
                                          Option-based awards                                                          Share-based awards

                                                                                                                                                                Market or
                                                                                                                                            Market or         payout value
                                                                                                                           Number of
                                           Number of                                                                                     payout value            of vested
                                            securities                                                    Value of     Shares or units of share-based         share-based
                                           underlying           Option                    Option      unexercised       of Shares that    awards that          awards not
                                          unexercised          exercise                expiration   in-the-money             have not        have not          paid out or
                                                                                                                                    (2)
                    Grant date                options             price                      date         options             vested           vested          distributed
Alex Miller          July 9, 2021                   —                   —                     —                —                   13,590          $269,598            —
                     May 12, 2021                7,189              $41.98        May 12, 2031          $110,782                       —                 —             —
                     July 9, 2020                6,893              $43.30         July 9, 2030           $97,122                  13,972          $277,177            —
                     July 17, 2019               6,808              $42.18        July 17, 2029         $103,550                   13,821          $274,181            —
                     July 18, 2018               8,084              $30.93        July 18, 2028         $213,903                       —                 —             —
                     July 20, 2017               5,444              $30.70        July 19, 2027         $145,300                       —                 —             —
                     July 20, 2016               4,844              $29.43        July 20, 2026         $125,414                       —                 —             —
                     March 22, 2016              2,728              $29.23      March 22, 2026            $76,820                      —                 —             —
Kevin Lewis          July 9, 2021                   —                   —                     —                —                   13,514          $268,091            —
                     May 12, 2021                7,148              $41.98        May 12, 2031          $110,151                       —                 —             —
                     July 9, 2020                7,277              $43.30         July 9, 2030         $102,533                   14,750          $292,611            —
                     July 17, 2019               7,188              $42.18        July 17, 2029         $109,329                   14,591          $289,456            —
                     July 18, 2018               9,548              $30.93        July 18, 2028         $252,640                       —                 —             —
                     July 20, 2017               9,076              $30.70        July 20, 2027         $242,238                       —                 —             —

(1)   Mr. Bouchard was granted 67,901 options on July 9, 2020, representing 200% instead of 286% of his annual base salary. As a result, on May 12, 2021 Mr.
      Bouchard was granted an additional 30,115 options at an exercise price of $41.98 to reach his target of 286%.
(2)   Consists of unvested PSUs, RSUs or DSUs.
(3)   Mr. Tessier elected to receive a portion of his fiscal 2022 bonus in DSUs with the Corporation matching up to 25%.

(1) Option-based awards                                                                       For fiscal 2020 grants, payouts are based 35% on service of employment
Our issued and outstanding Shares were split three-for-one on April 14,                       and 65% on corporate performance against pre-determined objectives
2014, and two-for-one on September 20, 2019. The number of outstanding                        that were set at the time of grant. The amount shown here is the
options and the exercise price were adjusted accordingly. This is reflected                   estimated minimum payout of the award (35% based on service of
in the number of securities underlying unexercised options.                                   employment).
The option exercise price is the weighted average closing price of a board                    For fiscal 2021 and 2022, Share Units consist of unvested PSUs and RSUs
lot of Class A Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately                        or DSUs, and include PSUs, RSUs or DSUs issued as Dividend Equivalents
before the grant date.                                                                        earned during 2021 and 2022. For the purpose of this table, the value of
                                                                                              DSUs that have vested but not been paid out at fiscal year-end is
Options expire on the 10th anniversary of the grant date and vest 20%
                                                                                              determined by multiplying the number of vested DSUs held as at April 24,
each year beginning on the grant date.
                                                                                              2022 by the closing price of our Class A Shares on the TSX on April 22,
The value of unexercised in-the-money options is the difference between                       2022, the last trading day of fiscal 2022 ($56.68). Actual payouts may be
the closing price of our Class A Shares on the TSX on April 22, 2022, the                     different depending on corporate performance.
last trading day of fiscal 2022 ($56.68) and the exercise price of the option.
Options only have value if our share price is higher than the exercise price.
(2) Share-based awards
Share units were granted in fiscal 2020, 2021 and 2022 under our Share
Unit Plan (formerly our Phantom Stock Unit Plan) and will vest at the end
of a three-year period in fiscal 2023, 2024 and 2025.


Incentive plan awards – value vested or earned during the fiscal year
The table below shows the total value that each NEO would have realized if their option-based awards had been exercised on the
vesting date and paid out in fiscal 2022, their share units awards had vested and were paid out in fiscal 2022, and their non-equity
incentive plan compensation which was earned during the fiscal 2022 year.

                                                                                                                                                Non-equity incentive plan
                                                              (1)                                                           (2)                  (3)
                                        Option-based awards – value vested                             Share-based awards –          compensation – value earned during
                                                       during the fiscal year                value vested during the fiscal year                                the year
Alain Bouchard                                                           $858,039                                    $2,636,038                                   $911,437
Brian Hannasch                                                         $1,368,234                                    $4,626,368                                 $3,017,731
Claude Tessier                                                               $92,688                                 $1,155,428                                   $664,330
Alex Miller                                                                  $62,436                                   $889,961                                   $570,126
Kevin Lewis                                                                  $81,732                                 $1,010,791                                   $575,706




                                                                                                                                                                    87

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
(1) Option-based awards                                                             (3) Non-equity incentive plan compensation
The value of stock options that vested in fiscal 2022 was determined by             Includes the annual incentive paid for fiscal 2022 to all NEOs. Messrs.
multiplying the number of options that vested by the difference between             Hannasch, Miller and Lewis are paid in U.S. dollars. Their annual non-
the exercise price of the options and the closing price of the Class A              equity incentive amount was converted into Canadian dollars using
Shares on the TSX on each respective vesting date.                                  1.2539, the average exchange rate for fiscal 2022.
(2) Share-based awards
Includes the payout of the Share Units granted in fiscal 2019, calculated
using $47.95, the value of our Shares on the TSX on July 17, 2021, as well
as the value of DSUs granted on July 9, 2021, calculated using the weighted
average price of the Shares on the TSX for the five days prior to the grant.


Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans
Additional information relating to the Stock Incentive Plan
                                          Number of Class A Shares to be                Weighted-average Number of Class A Shares
                                                issued upon exercise of                  exercise price of remaining available for future
As at April 24, 2022                                outstanding options               outstanding options issuance under the plan
Equity compensation plan
approved by security holders                                  3,423,733                            $27.50                          40,794,814
(stock incentive plan)

The number of Class A Shares to be issued upon exercise of all currently outstanding and unexercised options
represents 0.3% of our total issued and outstanding Class A Shares as at April 24, 2022.

Burn rate
The table below shows the annual burn rate for granted stock options for the last three fiscal
years. The burn rate is the total stock options granted in each fiscal year expressed as a                               BURN RATE AND
percentage of the average number of outstanding and issued Shares during the fiscal year.                                OVERHANG
                                                                                                                         Our annual burn rate for
                                                                           2022           2021                  2020     fiscal 2022 is 0.027% and
Number of stock options granted                                      286,232           219,781               246,668     the total potential dilution
Average total number of outstanding and issued
                                                                1,062,043,526     1,105,314,385       1,120,759,429
                                                                                                                         of our stock options at the
Shares during the fiscal year
                                                                                                                         end our fiscal year is 3.94%.
Burn rate                                                             0.027%            0.020%                0.022%

Overhang
The table below shows the overhang or total potential dilution at the end of the fiscal year and the last two fiscal years. The
overhang is the sum of the total stock options outstanding and unexercised at the end of the year and the total number of options
available for future grants expressed as a percentage of the total number of outstanding and issued Shares at the end of that fiscal
year.

                                                                           2022           2021                  2020
Number of outstanding and unexercised stock options
                                                                   3,423,733         3,267,501              3,319,478
granted (A)
Options available for issuance under the plan (B)                 37, 371,081       37,657,313          36,894,216
Total potential dilution (C) equals (A + B)                       40,794,814        40,924,814          40,213,694
Total Shares outstanding and issued at year end (D)            1,032,935,943      1,080,115,446      1,112,691,550
Overhang (E) equals (C divided by D)                                   3.95%             3.79%                 3.61%

The number of options remaining available for grant under the plan represent 3.95% of our
total issued and outstanding Class A Shares as at April 24, 2022.




                                                                                                                                                    88

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular
Appendices
Appendix A – Glossary
Appendix B – Mandate of the Board of Directors
Appendix C – Summary of our Long-Term Incentive Plans
Appendix D – Shareholder Proposals
Appendix A

Glossary
In this document:
    ▪   “Audit Committee” means the Audit Committee of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Board” or “Board of Directors” means the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
    ▪   “CEO” means the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation.
    ▪   “CFO” means the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Chairperson” or “Chairman” means the Chairperson of the Board of Directors.
    ▪   “Circular” means this management information circular.
    ▪   “Class A Shares” means the Class A multiple voting shares of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Class B Shares” means the Class B subordinate voting shares of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Clawback Policy” means the executive compensation clawback policy adopted by the Corporation which allows it to
        require repayment of incentive compensation under certain circumstances.
    ▪   “Code” means, collectively, the Ethics Code of Conduct adopted by the Corporation and ancillary policies related to ethical
        business practices.
    ▪   “Company" "Corporation”, “we”, “us”, “our”, “Couche-Tard” and “Alimentation Couche-Tard” means Alimentation
        Couche-Tard Inc.
    ▪   “Conversion Event” means the date when all four of our co-founders reached the age of 65, thereby triggering the
        automatic conversion right of the Class B Shares into Class A Shares.
    ▪   “Director Nominees” means the directors for nomination to the Board.
    ▪   “Diversity Policy” means a formal Policy adopted by the Corporation regarding Diversity on the Board of Directors and in
        Executive Officer Positions.
    ▪   “Dividend Equivalents” means that all outstanding Share Units benefit from dividend accruals in the form of additional
        Share Units upon payment of normal cash dividends on Shares.
    ▪   “DSUP” means the Deferred Share Unit Plan adopted by the Corporation.
    ▪   “DSUs” means Deferred Share Units granted by the Corporation pursuant to the Deferred Share Unit Plan.
    ▪   “DSU Match” means the Corporation grants additional DSUs equal to twenty-five percent (25%) of the number of DSUs
        credited to the account of such executive pursuant to their DSU Voluntary Election.
    ▪   “DSU Voluntary Election” means NEOs and other executives are able to participate in our DSUP by electing to receive up
        to 50% of their short-term incentive award payout in DSUs instead of cash.
    ▪   “ESG” means environmental, social and governance.
    ▪   “Executive Directors” means directors who are employed by the Corporation.
    ▪   “HRCG Committee” means the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee of the Corporation.
    ▪   “KRAs” means the key result areas of the Named Executive Officers.
    ▪   “Meeting” means our 2022 annual general and special meeting of shareholders to be held on Wednesday, August 31,
        2022.
    ▪   “NCIB” means Normal Course Issuer Bid, a share repurchase program.
    ▪   “Non-Executive Directors” means directors who are not otherwise employed by the Corporation
    ▪   “Performance Period” means the three (3) years period commencing at the beginning of the fiscal year in which the PSU
        is granted.
    ▪   “PSU” means performance share units granted by the Corporation pursuant to the Stock Unit Plan.
    ▪   “Record Date” means July 5, 2022, being the date for determination of Shareholders entitled to receive notice of and to
        vote at the Meeting.
    ▪   “RSU” means restricted share units granted by the Corporation pursuant to the Stock Unit Plan.
    ▪   “Shares” means both Class A and Class B Shares of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Share Units” means PSUs, RSUs and DSUs, collectively.
    ▪   “Stock Incentive Plan” means the Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan effective March 17, 2021.
    ▪   “TSX” means the Toronto Stock Exchange.
    ▪   “TSX Trust” means the TSX Trust Company, the Corporation's Transfer Agent.
    ▪   “Vested PSUs” means the number of PSUs that will vest for a Participant will correspond to the number of PSUs granted to
        such Participant on the grant date (including Dividend Equivalents) multiplied by the Vesting Percentage.
    ▪   “Vesting Percentage” means the percentage of performance achieved during the Performance Period, as determined by
        the HRCG Committee, not to exceed 200%.


Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular                                                           90
Appendix B

Mandate of the Board of Directors
    A.   Purpose
The role of the board of directors of the Corporation (the "Board") is to supervise the management of the business and affairs of
the Corporation. The Board, directly and through its committees, shall provide direction to senior management, generally through
the president and chief executive officer (the "CEO"), to pursue the best interests of the Corporation.
    B.   Duties and Responsibilities
The Board is responsible for the overall conduct of the Corporation and in exercising its powers and discharging its duties, shall act
honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the Corporation and exercise the care, diligence and skill that a
reasonably prudent person would exercise in comparable circumstances. In considering what is in the best interests of the
Corporation, the Board may look at the interests of inter alia, shareholders, employees, creditors, consumers, governments and the
environment to inform its decisions. These interests are, among other things, represented by pursuing a policy aimed at sustainable
responsibility.
In furtherance of its purpose, the Board shall assume the following duties and responsibilities:
Strategy and Budget
    1.   Ensure that a strategic planning process is in place and approve, at least on an annual basis, a strategic plan which may
         take into account, among other things, the longer-term opportunities and risks of the business;
    2.   Approve the Corporation's annual operating and capital budgets;
    3.   Review operating and financial performance results in relation to the Corporation's strategic plan and budgets;
    4.   Approve all significant decisions outside of the ordinary course of the Corporation's business, including major financings,
         acquisitions, and dispositions or material departures from the strategic plan or budgets;
Governance
    1.   Develop the Corporation's approach to, and disclosure of, corporate governance practices and oversee the development
         by the Human Resources and Governance Committee (the "HRCG Committee") of a set of corporate governance
         guidelines and principles that are specifically applicable to the Corporation;
    2.   Approve the nomination of directors to the Board, as well as:
           a. Ensure that a majority of the Corporation's directors have no direct or indirect material relationship with the
               Corporation and determine who, in the reasonable opinion of the Board, are independent pursuant to applicable
               legislation, regulation and listing requirements;
           b. Develop appropriate qualifications and criteria for the selection of Board members;
    3.   Appoint the chairperson of the Board (the "Chairperson") and if the Chairperson is an Executive Chairperson, a lead
         director (the "Lead Director") and the chairpersons and members of each committee of the Board, in consultation with
         the relevant committee of the Board;
    4.   The Chairperson shall act as a representative on corporate aims and policies, including environmental and corporate social
         responsibility matters;
    5.   Along with the HRCG Committee, provide and oversee an orientation and continuing education program for newly
         appointed directors;
    6.   Review the disclosure in the Corporation's public disclosure documents relating to corporate governance practices and
         conduct a periodic review of the relationship between management and the Board, particularly in a view to ensure
         effective communication and the provision of information to directors in a timely manner;
    7.   Assess annually the effectiveness and contribution of the Board, the Chairperson, each committee of the Board and their
         respective chairperson and individual directors;
    8.   Review and approve the Code of Conduct of the Corporation with the purpose of promoting integrity and deterring
         wrongdoing, and encouraging and promoting a culture of ethical business conduct and as required, oversee compliance
         with the Corporation's Code of Conduct by directors, officers and other management personnel and employees;
    9.   Receive reports from the HRCG Committee regarding any breach of the policies with respect to business conduct and
         ethics, including the Code of Conduct and review investigations and any resolutions of complaints received under such
         policies;
    10. Delegate (to the extent permitted by law) to the CEO, other executive officers and management personnel appropriate
        powers to manage the business and affairs of the Corporation;



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular                                                              91
    11. Act and function independently from management in fulfilling its fiduciary obligations;
    12. Review, approve and oversee the implementation of the Corporation's material policies, including the insider trading
        policy, health and safety policies and practices and measures for receiving feedback from the Corporation's stakeholders,
        and oversee compliance of these policies by directors, executive officers and other management personnel and
        employees;
    13. Review and approve, as required, the Corporation's environmental policies and management systems;
Human Resource Management and Compensation
    1.   Appoint the CEO and the Chief Financial Officer (the "CFO") of the Corporation, following the recommendation of the HRCG
         Committee;
    2.   Approve and/or develop, as applicable written position descriptions for the role of the CEO and the CFO, which includes
         delineating management's responsibilities, as well as written position descriptions for the role of the chairperson of each
         of the committees of the Board and the Lead Director;
    3.   Approve the Corporation's compensation policy for directors, if any;
    4.   Review and approve, following the recommendation of the HRCG Committee, the corporate goals and objectives that the
         Executive Chairman, if any, the CEO, the CFO and other executive officers are responsible for meeting and reviewing the
         performance of these individuals against such corporate goals and objectives;
    5.   Review and approve, following the recommendation of the HRCG Committee, the compensation of the Executive
         Chairman, if any, the CEO, the CFO and other executive officers of the Corporation (including participation in compensation
         and benefits policies or changes thereto);
    6.   Satisfy itself as to the integrity of the Executive Chairman, if any, the CEO and other executive officers and that the CEO and
         other executive officers create a culture of integrity throughout the organization;
    7.   Review and approve, following the recommendation of the HRCG Committee, the succession planning relating to the
         position of the CEO, other executive officers, the chairperson of the Board and of each of the committees and the Lead
         Director;
Risk Management, Capital Management and Internal Controls
    1.   Identify and assess periodically the principal risks of the Corporation's business, and ensure the implementation of
         appropriate systems to manage these risks;
    2.   Ensure the integrity of the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting, management of information systems,
         disclosure controls and procedures, financial disclosure and the safeguarding of the Corporation's assets;
    3.   Together with the Audit Committee, review, approve and oversee the Corporation's disclosure controls and procedures;
Communications
    1.   In conjunction with management, meet with the Corporation's shareholders at the annual meeting and be available to
         respond to questions at that time;
    2.   Monitor investor relations programs and communications with analysts, the media and the public;
    3.   Review, approve and oversee the implementation of the Corporation's disclosure policy;
Financial Reporting, Auditors and Transactions
    1.   Review and approve, as required, the Corporation's financial statements and related financial information; and
    2.   Appoint (including terms and review of engagement), subject to approval of shareholders, and remove the Corporation's
         auditor;
    3.   Review and approve mergers and acquisition opportunities and financings
    C. Composition
The composition and organization of the Board, including the number, qualifications and remuneration of directors, the number of
Board meetings, Canadian residency requirements, quorum requirements, meeting procedures and notices of meetings shall
comply with applicable requirements of the Canada Business Corporations Act, the securities laws and regulations applicable in the
Province of Québec and the articles and by-laws of the Corporation, subject to any exemptions or relief that may be granted from
such requirements from time to time.
In view of the Corporation’s objectives and strategic activities, it is important that the Board has strong experience with
environmental and corporate social responsibility issues and an understanding of human resources related matters of large
international companies.
With respect to diversity, the objective pursued by the Board is to have a variation of age, gender, expertise, social background,
ethnicity and nationality.
    D.   Committees of the Board



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular                                                               92
Subject to applicable law, the Board shall establish, if needed, other Board committees or merge or dispose of any Board committee
in addition to the Audit Committee and the HRCG Committee.
In conjunction with the HRCG Committee, the Board shall review the appropriate structure, size, composition, mandate and
members for each Board committee, and approve any modifications to such items as considered advisable. The Board may review,
from time to time, each charter and consider any suggested amendments for approval. In addition, the Board may institute
procedures to ensure that the Board and the Board committees function independently of management.
To facilitate communication between the Board and each of the Board committees, each committee chairperson shall provide a
summary and, to the extent necessary, a report, to the Board on material matters considered by the committee at the first Board
meeting following the committee's meeting.
    E.   Meeting
The Board shall meet at least once in each quarter, with additional meetings held as deemed advisable. The Chairperson shall be
primarily responsible for the agenda and for supervising the conduct of any Board meeting. Any director may propose the inclusion
of items on the agenda, request the presence of, or a report by any member of senior management, or at any Board meeting raise
subjects that are not on the agenda for that meeting.
The Board shall conduct meetings of the Board in accordance with the Corporation's articles and by-laws.
The secretary of the Corporation (the "Corporate Secretary"), his or her designate or any other person the Board requests, shall act
as secretary of Board meetings.
Minutes of Board meetings shall be recorded and maintained by the Corporate Secretary, or any other person acting in such
capacity, and subsequently presented to the Board for approval.
The independent members of the Board may hold regularly-scheduled meetings, or portions of regularly scheduled meetings, at
which non-independent directors and members of management are not present.
Each director is expected to attend all meetings of the Board and any committee of which he or she is a member.
The Board shall have unrestricted access to management and employees of the Corporation (including, for greater certainty, its
affiliates, subsidiaries and their respective operations).
    F.   Other
The Board shall perform any other function as prescribed by law or as not delegated by the Board to one of the committees of the
Board or to management personnel.
This Board Charter is a statement of broad policies and is intended as a component of the flexible governance framework within
which the Board, assisted by its committees, directs the affairs of the Corporation. While it should be interpreted in the context of all
applicable laws, regulations and listing requirements, as well as in the context of the Corporation's articles and by-laws, it is not
intended to establish any legally binding obligations.
    G.   Limitations on Board's duties
Nothing contained in this charter is intended to expand applicable standards of conduct under statutory or regulatory requirements
for the directors of the Corporation.
Members of the Board are entitled to rely, absent knowledge to the contrary, on (i) the integrity of the persons and organizations
from whom they receive information, and (ii) the accuracy and completeness of the information provided.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular                                                                93
Appendix C
Summaries of our Long-Term Incentive Plans
    A.   Summary of the Stock Incentive Plan of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.:
Effective March 17, 2021 (the “Adoption Date”), the Corporation has adopted an Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan (the
“Stock Incentive Plan”) for certain management and key employees holding positions that can have a significant impact on the
Corporation's long-term results. The Stock Incentive Plan was then ratified by the Corporations shareholder’s at its annual meeting
on September 1, 2021. The changes adopted to the Stock Incentive Plan were designed to ensure the plan’s continued relevancy for
incentivizing performance and favoring talent retention. All options issued and outstanding under the Stock Incentive Plan adopted
by the Corporation on September 7, 1999, as amended from time to time, continue to be governed by the Stock Incentive Plan from
its Adoption Date. The full text of our Stock Incentive Plan is available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com.
The Stock Incentive Plan shall be administered by the Board, or if the Board by resolution so decides, by the Human Resources and
Corporate Governance Committee (the “HRCG Committee”), and the Board shall also be responsible for its interpretation,
construction and application. Pursuant to the Stock Incentive Plan, only those officers, senior executives, employee directors and
other full-time employees of the Corporation or any of its affiliates that occupy key positions as determined by the Board are eligible
to receive Options (“Eligible Participants”). In determining Options to be granted under the Stock Incentive Plan, the Board or the
HRCG Committee, as the case may be, shall give due consideration to the value of each Eligible Participant's present and potential
future contribution to the Corporation's success.
The aggregate number of Class A Multiple Voting Shares of the Corporation (the “Shares”) reserved and available for issuance
pursuant to Options under the Stock Incentive Plan is limited to 101,352,000 Shares, of which 40,924,814 were available as at March
17, 2021. Shares in respect of which an Option is granted under the Stock Incentive Plan but not exercised prior to the cancellation
or termination of such Option, due to the expiration, cancellation, termination or lapse of such Option or otherwise, shall be
available for Options to be granted thereafter pursuant to the provisions of the Stock Incentive Plan. All Shares issued pursuant to
the exercise of the Options granted under the Stock Incentive Plan shall be so issued as fully paid and non-assessable Shares.
Pursuant to the Stock Incentive Plan, in no event can the number of Shares issued from treasury to satisfy the payment of vested
Options exceed 2% of the issued and outstanding Shares at the time.
The Stock Incentive Plan further provides that (i) the aggregate number of Shares reserved for issuance at any time to any one
Eligible Participant shall not exceed 3% of the issued and outstanding Shares at such time, (ii) the aggregate number of Shares
issued to any one insider under the Stock Incentive Plan or any other proposed or established share compensation arrangement
within any one-year period shall not exceed 3% of the issued and outstanding Shares as such time, (iii) the aggregate number of
Shares issuable at any time to insiders and associates of such insiders at any time under the Stock Incentive Plan or any other
proposed or established share compensation arrangement shall not exceed 5% of the issued and outstanding Shares, and (iv) the
total number of Shares issued to insiders and associates of such insiders under the Stock Incentive Plan or any other proposed or
established share compensation arrangement within any one-year period shall not exceed 5% of the issued and outstanding
Shares.
For each grant of Options under the Stock Incentive Plan, the Board shall (i) designate the Eligible Participants who may receive
Options, (ii) fix the number of Options to be granted to each Eligible Participant, (iii) determine the price per Share to be payable
upon the exercise of each such Option (the “Option Price”), which shall not be less than the market value of such Shares at the time
of the grant, and (iv) determine the relevant vesting provisions, including performance criteria, if any, and the term of the Option
which shall not exceed ten years (the “Option Term”), the whole subject to the terms and conditions of the Stock Incentive Plan. For
purposes of the Stock Incentive Plan, the “market value” of the Shares shall be: (i) if the grant is made outside a black-out period, the
greater of (a) the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five (5) trading day-period ending on the
last trading day before the day on which the Option is granted and (b) the closing market price of a Share on the TSX on the last
trading day before the day on which the grant is approved; or (ii) if the grant is approved by the Board or the HRCG Committee on a
day that is in a black-out period or within five (5) trading days after the end of a black-out period, then the grant will be deemed to
                           th
have been made on the 6 trading day following the end of such black-out period a the market value shall be equal to the greater of
(a) the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five (5) trading day-period ending on the last trading
day before the day on which the Option is deemed to be granted and (b) the closing market price of a Share on the TSX on the last
trading day before the day on which the Option is deemed to be granted.
Unless otherwise determined by the Board, all unexercised Options shall be cancelled at the expiry of such Options. Should the
Option Term for an Option end during a black-out period or before ten (10) trading days following the end of a black-out period,
unless such extension would result in tax penalties or violate Section 409A of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular                                                                94
                                                                                                                                     th
amended, such Option Term shall be automatically extended without any further act or formality to that date which is the 10
                                                          th
trading day after the end of the black-out period, such 10 trading day to be considered the expiration date for such Option for all
purposes under the Stock Incentive Plan.
Prior to its expiration or earlier termination in accordance with the Stock Incentive Plan, Options are exercisable in whole or in part
and at such time or times and/or pursuant to performance criteria or other vesting conditions as the Board may determine in its
sole discretion at the time of granting the Option.
With the consent of the Board, a Participant may, rather than exercise the Option which the Participant is entitled to exercise under
this Stock Incentive Plan, elect to surrender all or a portion of such Option to the Corporation and receive in consideration the
number of Shares, disregarding fractions, which, when multiplied by the market value of the Shares to which the surrendered
Option relate, have a value equal to the product of the number of Shares to which the disposed Option relate multiplied by the
difference between the market value of such Shares and the Option Price of such Option, less any amount withheld on account of
income taxes, which withheld income taxes will be remitted by the Corporation. The market value of the Shares shall be the volume
weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five (5) trading day period ending on the last trading day before the
day on which the Option is exercised or surrendered. Only the number of Shares so received shall be deducted from the reserve in
such a case.
Options are personal to the Participant and shall not be assignable or transferable by the Participant, whether voluntarily or by
operation of law, except by will or by the laws of succession of the domicile of the deceased Participant.
If a Participant’s employment is terminated for cause, Options terminate on the effective date of the termination or the date
specified in the notice of termination.
In the event of the death of a Participant, his/her vested Options at the time of death must be exercised by his/her heirs within 180
days of the Participant’s death or prior to the expiration of the original term of such Options, whichever occurs earlier.
In the event of the injury or disability of a Participant any vested Options on the date of the Participant’s termination of employment
may be exercised by the Participant; however such Options shall only be exercisable within 2 years after the cessation of
employment (or the effective date on which the Participant becomes eligible long-term disability benefits) or prior to the expiration
of the original term of such Options, whichever occurs earlier.
Upon the retirement of a Participant, any vested Option may be exercised by the Participant within 4 years after the retirement date
or prior to the expiration of the original term of such Options, which ever occurs earlier. Unvested Option (or part thereof) shall
continue to vest during 2 years after the date of retirement.
If a Participant’s employment is terminated other than for cause, by death, disability or retirement, any Options may be exercised if
they have vested at the time of termination or cessation of employment. Such Options are exercisable for a period of 90 days after
the termination date or prior to the expiration of the original term of such Options, whichever occurs earlier.
In the event a Participant takes a voluntary leave of absence, any Options may be exercised by the Participant as the rights to
exercise such Options accrue, and such Options shall remain fully exercisable until expiration of the original term of such Options.
The Board may make such changes as it considers appropriate, in its discretion, including changing the vesting conditions and/or
the date on which any Option expires in the event of a change of control or other transaction (such as a reorganization, an
amalgamation, an arrangement or a take-over bid for all of the Shares or the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the
property and assets of the Corporation).
Under the Stock Incentive Plan, shareholder approval is required in order to make any of the following changes:
  ▪ changing the amendment provisions of the Stock Incentive Plan;
  ▪ increasing the maximum number of Shares that can be issued under the Stock Incentive Plan;
  ▪ making a change to eliminate or exceed the insider participation limits set out under the Stock Incentive Plan;
  ▪ reducing the exercise price or cancelling an Option and substituting such Option by a new Option with a reduced price;
  ▪ extending the term of an Option beyond its original expiry date, except in case of an extension due to a blackout period;
  ▪ any amendment which would permit any Option granted under the Stock Incentive Plan to be transferable or assignable other
    than as contemplated by the Stock Incentive Plan;
  ▪ any amendment which would allow non-employee directors to be eligible for awards under the Stock Incentive Plan; or
  ▪ any other change that requires us to receive shareholder approval according to regulatory requirements or TSX policies.
The Board can use its discretion to make the following changes without shareholder approval, provided that such changes comply
with regulatory requirements, which may include but are not limited to:
  ▪ making changes of a “housekeeping” or clarification nature;
  ▪ changing the vesting provisions of an Option; or



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular                                                               95
  ▪ changing the category of people who may participate in the plan, unless the change increases the participation of insiders.
The Board may generally amend the Stock Incentive plan or any Option without the consent of the participants to whom Options
were granted provided that such amendment shall not adversely alter or impair such Options.
The Stock Incentive Plan also provides that the term of an Option may not be extended beyond 10 years. This is separate from
extending the term by 10 days if the Option expiry date falls within a trading black-out period, or during the 10 days immediately
after the black-out period has been lifted.
Grants are personal and cannot be assigned or transferred, except by will or by the applicable laws of succession. ACT does not
provide for any financial assistance under the Stock Incentive Plan.

The following provisions apply to Option grants upon the termination of employment of participants to whom they were granted:
    •    Termination for cause: All unexercised Options will terminate on the participant’s termination date.
    •    Death: Vested Options will remain exercisable by the liquidator, executor or administrator within 180 days after the
         participant’s death, subject to Options expiry date.
    •    Injury or disability: Vested Options will remain exercisable for up to two (2) years after a disability of injury related
         terminations (subject to Options expiry date).
    •    Retirement: A clear definition of retirement aligned with the Share Unit Plan is provided along with a section providing
         retiring optionees with up to four (4) years from the date of their retirement to exercise their Options (subject to Options
         expiry date). Unvested Options continue to vest during two (2) years after retirement (subject to Options expiry date).
    B.   Summary of Share Unit Plan of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.:
Following a review of the Phantom Stock Unit Plan so as to ensure its continued relevancy for incentivizing performance and
favouring talent retention, and upon recommendation of the HRCG Committee, the Board adopted an amended and restated Share
Unit Plan on June 29, 2020. Of note, was the introduction of a formal distinction between time-based share units now called
Restricted Share Units (“RSUs”), and performance-based units now called Performance Share units (“PSUs”, and RSUs and PSUs are
together referred to as “Share Units”). In addition, the Share Unit Plan was amended to permit participants to benefit from dividend
accruals by crediting notional dividends to a participant’s account in the form of additional Share Units upon the payment of normal
cash dividends on Shares, as well as to adopt other changes aligned with market practices. In May 2021, the Share Unit Plan was
further amended in order to add clarification as to the payment of Share Units in a situation where an eligible participant ceases to
be an employee of the Corporation after the date of vesting of Share Units, but prior to their payment.
All employees of the Corporation are eligible to receive awards under the Share Unit Plan, but eligibility to participate does not
confer upon any person a right to receive an award pursuant to the Share Unit Plan. In determining Share Units to be awarded
under the Share Unit Plan, the Board or the HRCG Committee, as the case may be, shall give due consideration to the value of each
Eligible Participant's present and potential future contribution to the Corporation's success. The Share Unit Plan was designed to
provide eligible participants with the opportunity to participate in the long-term success of the Corporation, to promote a greater
alignment of their interests with those of shareholders, to reward eligible participants for their performance of services while
working for the Corporation and to provide a means through which the Corporation may attract, motivate and retain key personnel.
The Share Unit Plan is administered by the HRCG Committee.
For each award of Share Units under the Share Unit Plan, the HRCG Committee shall (i) designate the eligible participants who may
receive Share Units (the “Participant”), (ii) determine the number of Share Units (including fractional Share Units) to be credited to
each Participant, having regard to the market value of the Shares at the time of the grant, the whole subject to the terms and
conditions of the Share Unit Plan. For the purpose of such determination, the “market value” of the Shares shall be (i) if the award is
made outside a black-our period, including if the award is declared outside a black-out period as part of a periodic grant program
but with an effective award date that falls within a black-out period, the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares on the
TSX for the five (5) trading day period ending on the last trading day before the award date or, if not available, the last available
closing market price of the Shares at the time of the award or (ii) if the award is made during a black-out period, the volume
weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five (5) trading day period following the last day of such black-out
period, in such case the award date being deemed to be the 6th trading following the last day of such black-out period.
With respect to each award of PSUs, the HRCG Committee shall also determine the performance measures and objectives that shall
determine the proportion, not exceeding 200% of such awarded PSUs becoming vested PSUs, as well as the performance period,
the whole subject to the terms and conditions of the Share Unit Plan. The Committee may also, in its absolute discretion, at any time
after the date of an award of PSUs and prior to the payment of the award, make adjustments to the performance measures and
objectives where a relevant indicator of performance no longer exists, has materially changed of is no longer relevant. The
performance period, unless otherwise specified by the Committee at the time of granting of the award, shall be the three (3) years




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular                                                              96
period commencing at the beginning of the fiscal year in which the award is granted (the “Performance Period”), and shall also be
the restricted period for purposes of time-vesting of RSUs.
As of July 1, 2020, all outstanding Share Units benefit from dividend accruals in the form of additional Share Units upon payment of
normal cash dividends on Shares (the “Dividend Equivalents”).
With respect to each award of PSUs, following the completion of a Performance Period applicable to an award, the HRCG Committee
shall assess the performance in light of the measures identified and the objectives set for such Performance Period. The HRCG
Committee shall then determine the percentage, not to exceed 200%, of performance achieved during the Performance Period (the
"Vesting Percentage") applicable to the award. In making its determination, the HRCG Committee may set the Vesting Percentage
at a higher percentage (not to exceed 200%) than would have resulted based solely on the performance measures and objectives.
The number of PSUs that will vest for a Participant will correspond to the number of PSUs granted to such Participant on the grant
date (including Dividend Equivalents) multiplied by the Vesting Percentage (the “Vested PSUs”).
With respect to each award of RSUs, RSUs (including Dividend Equivalents) credited to the account of a Participant who is still in the
active employment of the Corporation as of the end of the Performance Period shall become vested at that time (the “Vested
RSUs”).
Participants are entitled to receive payment in cash for each Vested PSUs and each Vested RSUs in an amount equal to the number
of Vested PSUs multiplied by the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five trading day period
immediately preceding the date or dates determined by the HRCG Committee as the date(s) on which all or part of an award shall
be valued (the “Valuation Date”) and thereafter be paid, less any applicable withholding taxes.
Upon a Participant’s retirement, if a Participant’s employment is terminated other than for cause, or if a Participant becomes
disabled (as defined in the Share Unit Plan), a pro-rated payment amount based on the amount of time such Participant was actively
employed during the Performance Period will become payable to the Participant: (i) in the case of PSUs, at the end of the
Performance Period if performance conditions are met, and (ii) in the case of RSUs, within 30 days from the separation date,
provided that the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the separation date or the date the Participant became Disabled, as
applicable, and provided that the Participant shall cease to accumulate Dividend Equivalents as of the separation date.
Upon the death of a Participant, subject to any express resolution of the HRCG Committee, a pro-rated payment amount based on
the amount of time such Participant was actively employed during the Performance Period will become payable to the Participant:
(i) in the case of PSUs, at the end of the Performance Period if performance conditions are met, and (ii) in the case of RSUs, within
90 days from the date of death, provided that the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the date of death, and provided that the
Participant shall cease to accumulate Dividend Equivalents as of the date of death.
Upon the termination of a Participant’s employment for cause or for any other reason than those specified above, any unvested
Share Units credited to such Participant’s account shall be forfeited and cancelled along with any Dividend Equivalent in relation to
such Share Units.
The Share Unit Plan also provides that in the event of a termination due to a Change of Control (as defined in the Share Unit Plan),
all outstanding Share Units shall vest immediately at a Vesting Percentage of 100%, or such higher percentage as may be
determined by the HRCG Committee.
Each Share Unit awarded under the Share Unit Plan is personal to the Participant and shall not be assignable or transferable by the
Participant, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or by the laws of succession of the domicile of the deceased
Participant.
    C.   Summary of Deferred Share Unit Plan
Effective June 29, 2020, the Board approved, following a recommendation of the HRCG Committee, an amended and restated
Deferred Share Unit Plan (the “DSUP”) in order to ensure its continued relevancy for incentivizing performance and favouring talent
retention. The Board then approved further amendments to the DSUP on March 17, 2021 in order to comply with certain US
taxation rules. The DSUP, as amended, is designed to enhance the Corporation’s ability to attract and retain talented individuals to
serve as members of the Board and in executive positions, to promote alignment of interests between participants and
shareholders and to assist participants in fulfilling their respective Share Ownership Requirements.
The DSUP is administered by the HRCG Committee.
For the purpose of the DSUP, “Eligible Directors” are those directors who are not employees of the Corporation and are
designated as such by the Board and “Eligible Employees” are those employees of the Corporation and are designated as such by




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular                                                              97
the Board. When such Eligible Directors or Eligible Employees are granted Deferred Share Units (“DSUs”), they are also referred to as
“Participants”. DSUs issued under the DSUP can only be settled in cash.
For each fiscal year, in addition to any additional portion elected to be received in the form of DSUs, each Eligible Director shall
receive in the form of DSUs (the exact number of which, rounded down to the next whole DSU, being calculated using the fair
market value at the time of the grant) 50% of the amount of the annual retainer payable to such Eligible Director in respect of his or
her duties as a director of the Corporation for such fiscal (the “Director Annual DSU Remuneration”).
Participation in the DSUP by Eligible Employees remains entirely at the Eligible Employee’s discretion, since no given portion of an
Eligible Employee’s annual remuneration has been determined by the Board to be mandatorily payable in DSUs. For the purpose of
the DSUP, Eligible Employees may elect to receive in the form of DSUs (i) a portion of the short-term incentive compensation instead
of in cash, and/or (ii) all of the RSU portion of the long-term incentive compensation payable to such Eligible Employee in respect of
his or her duties and performance as an employee of the Corporation with respect to a fiscal year (the “Employee Annual DSU
Remuneration”). With respect to the short-term incentive compensation, en Eligible Employee may be permitted to, as determined
by the Board, to defer up to 50% of his or her short-term incentive compensation into DSUs (“Match Eligible Remuneration”) and
receive Matching DSUs in respect of such deferral. On the same date as DSUs are granted to a Participant in respect of a deferral of
Match Eligible Remuneration, additional DSUs may be granted to the Participant as a matching grant of DSUs (“Matching DSUs”).
The number of Matching DSUs granted shall be equal to twenty-five percent (25%) of the first fifty percent (50%) of DSUs granted in
respect of the Participant’s deferral of Match Eligible Remuneration, or such other matching percentage designated by the Board
from time to time. The first DSUs had been issued to Eligible Employees prior to 2020.
The number of DSUs (including Matching DSUs, as applicable) to be credited to an Eligible Director or Eligible Employee’s notional
account shall be determined by dividing (in) in the case of Eligible Directors, the dollar value of the Director Annual DSU
Remuneration and (ii) in the case of Eligible Employees the approved dollar amount of the Employee Annual DSU Remuneration, by
the fair market value at the time of the grant. The “market value” used for purposes of calculating the amount of DSUs so to be
granted shall be the volume weighted average trading price of a Share on the TSX for the five (5) trading days immediately
preceding the date of calculation or such other manner as is required or allowed by the rules and policies of the TSX, or, if not
available, the last available closing market price of the Shares preceding the time of the grant.
A Participant shall be entitled to receive Dividend Equivalents in the form of additional DSUs as of each dividend payment date in
respect of which normal cash dividends are paid on the Shares during the period between the date the DSUs have been awarded
and the Termination Date.
Unless otherwise determined, DSUs, including any Dividend Equivalents, vest immediately upon being granted. Matching DSUs,
including any Dividend Equivalents, will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Participant’s grant notice which
shall be, unless otherwise determined by the Board, at a rate of 1/3 per year on the anniversary date of the grant, over a period of
three years.
No Participant will have any right to receive any payment under the DSUP until he or she ceases to be an Eligible Director (and is not
at that time an employee of the Corporation) or an Eligible Employee (and is not at that time a Director) for any reason (other than
for cause), including by death, disability, retirement or resignation (a “Termination Date”).
Once a Termination Date occurs for a given Participant, such Participant (or its legal representative in the case of death) will be
entitled to file up to two redemption notices requesting settlement of all or part of the vested DSUs credited to its account by way of
a cash payment calculated using the market value on the date of such filing. The “market value” means the volume weighted
average trading price of a Share on the TSX for the five (5) trading days immediately preceding the date of calculation. Should no
redemption notice be filed, then the Participant will be deemed to have filed a redemption notice for all its DSUs on December 1 of
the first calendar year commencing after the date of the Participant’s Termination Date (other than as a result of the Participant’s
death while serving as an Eligible Director or an Eligible Employee, in which case the determination of the market will be the date of
the Participant’s death).
The DSUP also provides that in the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the DSUP), the Board may make such provision for
the protection of the rights of the Participants as the Board, in its discretion considers appropriate in the circumstances, including
without limitation, providing for substitute or replacement deferred share units of the continuing entity (unless substitution or
replacement of the outstanding DSUs is deemed impossible or impractical by the Board, in its sole discretion). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no Participant will be entitled to receive payment for, or in respect of, any DSUs on or before his or her Termination
Date.
Finally, in the event of termination of employment for cause (or resignation contemporary to the discovery by the Corporation of
any basis or grounds for termination for cause), all DSUs granted, vested or credited in favor of a Participant will be forfeited and




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular                                                               98
cancelled effective immediately upon such termination and such Participant will not be entitled to any payment, benefit or other
right under the DSUP.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular                                                        99
Appendix D
Shareholder Proposal No. 1 - French as the Official Language (translated from French)
"It is proposed that French be the language of the Company, in particular the language of work in Québec, including the language
used at annual meetings. The official status of the French language must be formally stated in writing in the Company’s letters."

Argumentation submitted by MÉDAC in support of its proposal
The Company’s head office is in Québec, a French-speaking nation.

The Nation of Québec has existed for over 400 years, and the official language of Québec is French.

The Nation of Québec is the only French-speaking nation in America.

The language of a people is its most essential and fundamental characteristic – an existential attribute.

The diversity of the world cannot in any way be reduced to matters strictly related to the biological nature of individuals or the
arbitration of individual privileges. The diversity of the world is first and foremost a collective matter based essentially on the culture
of peoples.

Through its territorial nation and public institutions, starting with its National Assembly, Constitution and Charters, the people of
Québec ensure the protection of linguistic diversity in the world by rigorously protecting the collective and public nature of its
                                                 1                                                   2                       3
language. The spirit of the Legislation is clear, and that may also be said of the reforms to federal and Québec Legislation.

The respect and promotion of this global diversity attribute is notably a matter of social responsibility for all companies.

This is in the interest of all stakeholders, starting with the community as a whole, regardless of background.

Sustainable development and long-term performance cannot be conceived otherwise.

It is the duty of society to show scrupulous respect for these sacred principles.

Also, it is altogether possible to do business anywhere in the world with a head office that operates in the language of the nation
                     4
where it is located.
                                                                                 5                    6                       7
For example, the annual general meetings of shareholders of Samsung (Suwon), Heineken (Amsterdam), Nissan (Yokohama),
         8                         9
Foxconn (Taiwan) and Volkswagen (Wolfsburg) are respectively held in Korean, Dutch, Japanese, Mandarin and German, whereas
                         10                11                       12           13
the meetings of L’Oréal (Clichy), Danone (Paris), Christian Dior (Paris) and LVMH (Paris) are all held in French. The content is
translated into other languages. The principle is simple and clear.

The French language is not an option. It is the collective instrument for communication. Besides, as far as foreign languages are
concerned, we can rely on translation, simultaneous or not.

French is the language of all of us.

This is a collective issue of fairness, justice and dignity – a national issue

Response from the Corporation
While Couche-Tard’s headquarters are in Québec, Canada, the Company is a global leader in convenience and fuel retail, operating
in 26 countries and territories, with more than 14,000 stores, approximately 122,000 employees, and many international business
partners, stakeholders and customers who speak more than 20 languages in their respective locations. As a reflection of Couche-
Tard’s global presence, the Company believes in providing an inclusive and diverse work environment that reflects its global
multilingual network.

Since its inception in Québec in 1980, Couche-Tard prides itself on preserving a strong French culture, and continually seeks to
ensure that all of its stakeholders in Québec receive services, communicate, and work in French without restriction.

Couche-Tard is governed by the Quebec Business Corporations Act and is registered in the Québec Enterprise Register and it’s
Certificat d’Attestation is written in French. This means that its official status is already formally registered in French. Additionally, the
Company upholds and complies with all requirements of the Charter of the French Language, including the maintenance of our
francization certification. Furthermore, our francization committee is responsible for developing projects and internal policies
needed to encourage use of the French language throughout the Province of Québec. To promote meaningful dialogue with all of
our stakeholders, Couche-Tard conducts all annual shareholder meetings mostly in French and English with simultaneous



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular                                                                    100
translation, and any stakeholders who attend our annual meetings may intervene and ask questions in French with responses to
such questions provided in French.

For these reasons, Management is of the view that shareholders are adequately able to communicate with and receive information
from the Company in the French language, including during or after the shareholder meetings, and Management does not believe
that amending its constating documents to include French as the official language of the Company is needed.

In light of the foregoing, the Board and management recommend that shareholders vote AGAINST this proposal.
1
  La Charte de la langue française : une entrave […] http://hdl.handle.net/11143/10216
2
   Bill C-32 https://parl.ca/DocumentViewer/en/43-2/bill/C-32/first-reading English and French: Towards a Substantive Equality […] https://
  www.canada.ca/en/canadian-heritage/corporate/ publications/general-publications/equality-official-languages.html
3
  Bill 96 http://assnat.qc.ca/en/travaux-parlementaires/projets-loi/projet-loi-96-42-1.html
4
  Comment se conclut un « deal » en français? […] http://collections.banq.qc.ca/ark:/52327/1832243
5
  AAA 2021 Samsung https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8l9iOOv58A
6
    AAA 2021 Heineken https://www.theheinekencompany.com/sites/theheinekencompany/files/Downloads/PDF/AGM2021/20210609%
  20Heineken N.V. Notulen AvA.pdf
7
  AAA 2021 Nissan https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OS9Sm3Rgt9k
8
  AAA 2021 Foxconn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPNJ37Rt3Q0
9
  AAA 2021 Volkswagen https://www.volkswagenag.com/de/InvestorRelations/annual-general-meeting.html
10
   AAA 2021 THE ORÉAL https://www.loreal-finance.com/fr/assemblee-generale-2021
11
   AAA 2021 DANONE https://www.danone.com/fr/investor-relations/shareholders/shareholders-meeting.html
12
   AAA 2021 Christian DIOR https://voda.akamaized.net/dior/1520614_605ded3e38389/
13
   AAA 2021 LVMH https://www.lvmh.fr/actionnaires/agenda/assemblee-generale-2021/


Shareholder Proposal No. 2 - Increase formal employee representation in highly strategic decision-
making (translated from French)

"It is proposed that the Board of Directors assess means to increase employee participation in the Board’s decision-making. It is
suggested that the finding of this reflection be reported at the next annual meeting in 2023."

Argumentation submitted by MÉDAC in support of its proposal

It is proposed that the Board of Directors assess means to increase employee participation in the Board’s decision- making. It is
suggested that the findings of this reflection be reported at the next annual meeting in 2023.

The health and economic crisis has reminded us of the importance of employee health and well-being within an organization, the
benefits of which are well known: higher level of job satisfaction, deeper sense of belonging, higher commitment rate, increased
productivity, reduced absenteeism, lower insurance costs and reduced risks of work-related accidents or illnesses. In the coming
years, boards of directors will be faced with a number of issues related to talent development and management.

In recent years, boards of directors have made a point of increasing the quality of their decision-making by drawing on a wide range
of experience and skills and by involving as many people as possible of all genders, ages, origins and religions. Although our boards
of directors are comprised of a majority of independent directors, they lack an employee vision that could bring an alternative
perspective on the organization’s operational and strategic issues, better oversight of senior management decisions and a better
balance between decisions made with a short-term perspective and those made with a long-term perspective, since employees tend
                             1                                                                           2
to focus on the long term . The most recent edition (2018) of the UK Corporate Governance Code called for consideration of
various initiatives to increase employee participation in the highly strategic decisions of organizations, including the following: the
creation of a statutory workforce advisory panel, the appointment of a director to liaise with workers, or the appointment as a
director of at least one employee other than the CEO.

We are fully convinced that direct and formal employee contribution into strategic decision-making would be of great value,
particularly with regard to decisions that have important talent development and management components. We are therefore
tabling this proposal and are confident that, at the next annual meeting in 2023, the Company will propose measures to ensure that
its employees are engaged and provide their insights.

Response from the Corporation

Couche-Tard is committed to ensuring its Board of directors represents a diverse set of skills and experience. Under Québec’s legal
framework, directors of a corporation are duty-bound toward the corporation to act with prudence and diligence, honesty and
loyalty and in the interest of the corporation. Directors may consider the interests of various stakeholders, including employees, but
must always base their decisions on the best interest of the Company.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular                                                                 101
The Company wishes to foster a culture of balance between independence and non-independence at the board level. Moreover, an
employee would not be able to serve on the Human Resources & Corporate Governance Committee, nor the Audit Committee. To
ensure objective decision-making, the charters for each of these committees require that each member be independent, as such
term is defined according to applicable securities laws and regulations. Employee directors’ contribution would thus be limited in
that respect. Notwithstanding, senior management level employees do have regular access at the Board level, including
participating in annual continuing education programs offered to the Board, as disclosed in our management information circular.

The Company also offers annual employee engagement surveys that are reviewed in detail by the Human Resources & Corporate
Governance Committee, who also regularly review and oversee our employee health and safety reports and the Company’s diversity
policy. This important and consistent attention to employee well-being earned Couche-Tard a place on the Forbes’ list World’s Best
Employers for 2021, ranking the Company as the top and only Canadian retailer among those recognized, and why Couche-Tard
also received the 2022 Gallup Exceptional Workplace Award (GEWA), which recognizes the world's most engaged workplace cultures,
with Couche-Tard as the only convenience retailer among the 2022 honorees. These recognitions are a testament to the Company’s
122,000 team members’ deep commitment to the organization. The Company is also committed to fostering its culture of growing
together, providing competitive training and development opportunities, notably by investing in best-in-class gamified training and a
national scholarship fund in Canada available to team members and their children.

Company strategy is also discussed within and across its functional teams allowing employees direct access to senior management.
The Company holds, minimally on monthly basis, employee town hall meetings, where senior management engages with our non-
stores workforce and answers any questions they may have. Protecting and strengthening the culture at Couche-Tard is one of our
highest priorities, our culture is defined by all the team members who work at the Company and how we interact with each other
and our customers every day.

In light of the foregoing, the Board and management recommend that shareholders vote AGAINST the proposal.
1
  Andreas KOKKINIS and Konstantinos SERGAKIS, “A flexible model for efficient employee participation in UK companies.” (2020)
20-2 J. Corp. Law Stud. 453-493, DOI: 10.1080/14735970.2020.1735161.
2
  Financial Reporting Council – 2018 – The UK Corporate Governance Code
https://www.frc.org.uk/getattachment/88bd8c45-50ea-4841-95b0-d2f4f48069a2/2018-UK-Corporate-Governance- Code-FINAL.PDF


Shareholder Proposal No. 3 - Women in management: promotion, advancement and rising in ranks
(translated from French)

"It is proposed that the Company publish, on an annual basis, in the form it sees fit, a report on the representation of women in
management positions, from entry-level positions to senior-level positions, immediately below the position of president."

Argumentation submitted by MÉDAC in support of its proposal

The pandemic has completely transformed our economy and our various work environments. The crisis has hit women particularly
hard. Millions of them had to quit their jobs or go part-time, or were simply laid off, due to the nature of their work or the economic
sector in which they worked. As a result, companies find themselves with far fewer women in management positions or on the path
                                                                                                                              3
to becoming future leaders. This will only exacerbate a situation that already existed. According to a study by McKenzie, although
50% of entry-level positions in the Canadian organizations surveyed by this firm are held by women, this percentage falls to 31% in
vice-president positions and to 14% in CEO positions, as illustrated in the chart below.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular                                                             102
                                                                                                                                        4
Notably, there are measures “to help women lessen the career and financial impacts of unpaid parental leave and part-time work” ,
as women are still more likely than men to experience this kind of professional situation, which constitutes a barrier to their
advancement. Companies cannot risk losing more women in management positions. The report proposed here will provide an
overview of the situation at these different levels, encourage senior management to set gender diversity targets for each level and
inform all stakeholders of the strategies that will be implemented to ensure a strong business recovery, especially after the health
crisis comes to an end.

Response from the Corporation

At Couche-Tard, we are committed to fostering and maintaining a diverse and inclusive workplace by developing more women at
different levels from entry level positions to senior management, culturally diverse individuals and millennial leaders, so our
leadership team is a clearer reflection of our customer and employee base. We try to promote from within and recognize that we
can only reach our leadership goals if we are committed to thinking about diversity in the hiring process at all levels of the
organization.

In our management information circular, we disclose women in executive and vice-president roles and women who have the
potential to be promoted to an executive or vice-president level position. At the end of fiscal 2022, 29% of our executives were
women, with another 30% whom we believe have the potential to become executives. 20.8% of our vice-president level employees
were women, with another 45% whom we believe have the potential to become vice-presidents. Furthermore, 19% of our heads of,
30% of our directors, 42% of our office managers, 46% of our market managers, and 70% of our store managers were women. The
number of women in executive and vice-president roles and other areas of the Corporation can be linked to various initiatives
including an executive session on diversity in the talent and succession review, tracking and reporting progress on diversity goals,
and the development of our Diversity Policy. Nevertheless, we continue to work with our human resources directors around the
world to make sure we are developing a talent pipeline that will lead to a more representative balance between men and women in
leadership roles.

To ensure an appropriate balance of backgrounds, the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee annually reviews
the size and composition of the Board to identify imbalances and gaps, as well as opportunities that may be associated with further
diversification. In particular, the Board recognizes that gender diversity is a significant aspect of diversity for our Board, and to that
effect specifically commits in the Diversity Policy to consider the level of women on the Board and to ensure that women are
included in the short list of candidates being considered for a Board position. In alignment with this commitment, the Corporation
aspires to maintain a Board composition in which women represent at least 30% of its members – and we are proud to say that we
are already meeting such target.

Couche-Tard supports the spirit and intent of human rights and anti-discrimination laws, and promote a culture of acceptance and
respect, regardless of race, color, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, religion, political affiliation, nationality, ethnic
background, social origin, age or disability or any other legally protected characteristic, as set out in Couche-Tard’s Ethics Code of
Conduct.

In light of the foregoing, the Board and management recommend that shareholders vote AGAINST the proposal.
3
  The Present and Future of Women at Work in Canada https://www.mckinsey.com/~/media/mckinsey/featured%20insights/gender
%20equality/the%20present%20and%20future%20of%20women%20at%20work%20in%20canada/the-present-and-future-of-women-at-
work-in-canada-vf.ashx
4
  Ibid, see the Shared Care program of the Australian company Aurizon, among other examples.


Shareholder Proposal No. 4 - Business protection (translated from French)

"It is proposed that Couche-Tard put in place the necessary means to prevent a takeover of the company, either hostile or not."

Argumentation submitted by MÉDAC in support of its proposal

The possible means of preventing the takeover of a company are numerous and the question of the protection of head offices was
                                                                 5
the subject of a State report to which it is appropriate to refer .
The company's Multiple Voting Share (MVS) plan was abolished in the past year. The company no longer has the protections and
guarantees provided by this plan.

Couche-Tard, given its many qualities—starting with its size and the important place it occupies not only in the country, but also
throughout the world—is a target of choice for a potential buyer.

In the absence of having been able to protect the control of the founders, it is important today to protect the head office, if only to
ensure the sustainability of its contribution to the national community which saw its birth and in ensure outreach abroad. It is a
corporate social responsibility.



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular                                                                103
Response from the Corporation

In 2016, the Canadian Securities Administrators (CSA) published amendments to the Canadian take-over bid regime. Aimed at
providing boards with increased time to respond to take over-bids and seek out value-maximizing alternatives which facilitating
shareholders’ ability to make voluntary, informed and coordinated tender decisions without coercion. The features of this regime
are (i) a generally required 105-day minimum deposit period for take-over bids, (ii) a minimum tender condition of 50% of the
outstanding securities owned by persons other than the bidder and joint actors, and (iii) a mandatory 10-day extension of the bid
period after the minimum tender condition of 50% is satisfied.

As a result, shareholders rights plans adopted by target boards to extend the 105-day minimum bid period are now largely
redundant; the longer bid period under the take-over bid regime solves for the problem that shareholder rights plan had previously
addressed. This longer period and stricter conditions give time to a board to respond to a hostile bid by either (i) seeking alternative
transactions to the bid such as a competing offer from a friendly bidder or conducting a private placement which could either make
the company more expensive to the bidder or place shares in the hands of friendly shareholders,(ii) attempting to persuade
shareholders to reject the bid, or (iii) deterring the bidder from continuing with their bid either by selling off assets or commencing
litigation.

Although the regulators will continue to examine a target’s defensive tactics in light of Canada’s national policy on defensive tactics,
they are unlikely to deviate from the take-over bid rules or allow market participants to do so, especially in circumstances where a
shareholder choice in respect of a bid or competing bid may be compromised.

In light of the foregoing, the Board and management recommend that shareholders vote AGAINST the proposal.
5
 Le maintien et le développement des sièges sociaux au Québec, rapport du Groupe de travail sur la protection des entreprises québécoises
https://www.groupes.finances.gouv.qc.ca/GTPEQ/Documents/Rapport_FR_GTPEQ.pdf




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2022 Management Information Circular                                                               104
