Dear shareholders

On behalf of the Board of Directors and management of the Corporation, we are pleased to invite you to Alimentation Couche-
Tard Inc.’s annual meeting of shareholders which will be held on Wednesday, September 3, 2025, at 10:30 a.m. (EDT).
This year, our meeting will be held by live video webcast to enable equal opportunity for all our shareholders to participate, vote
and submit questions regardless of their geographic location. Based on past practice, most of our shareholders vote in advance of
the Meeting by proxy using the various available voting channels and these voting channels will continue to be available. We
encourage shareholders to continue to vote in advance by proxy.
Fiscal 2025
                                                                             th
This fiscal year coincided with a proud milestone of our company – the 45 anniversary of the opening of our first store. Few
companies, large or small, make it as long and successfully as we have been able to do so. We have no doubt that this is because of
our special culture of putting our people and customers first – an approach started by Alain Bouchard when he opened our first
store in Laval, Canada and one that continues to guide us today across our global network.
However, this has also been a year marked by much global and economic uncertainty. No doubt, it is more challenging than ever in
the retail world as consumers are hurting and continue to carefully watch their spending. We remain relentlessly focused on
winning our customers by providing them value and ease and having our stores ready to serve them with fast and friendly service.
We had many notable achievements this fiscal year from growing our beverage selection to streamlining and improving our
Fresh food, fast program. We are pleased with the performance of our fuel business, in terms of both volumes and margins, and our
B2B work continued with solid results in Europe and growth in the U.S. We continue to be a leader in e-mobility in Europe and are
opening exciting new, sustainable EV-charging stations. In strategic growth, we expanded the Circle K brand presence in our new
mid-European countries and expanded our U.S. network with the acquisition of GetGo Café + Markets (“GetGo”), an innovative,
food-forward regional convenience and fuel retailer with approximately 270 locations in five states. We are also seeing strong
success in organic growth as we progress on our ambition of opening 500 new stores in a 5-year time frame.
CEO transition
This year marks the first in which Alex Miller has served as our President and CEO and the transition has been remarkably seamless.
Mr. Miller has surrounded himself with an impressive group of executive leaders who, like him, are ready to take on the challenges
of a demanding economic landscape. The executive team is providing excellent leadership and vision to execute our 10 for the Win
strategy and are also deeply committed to protecting and promoting our values and culture. As evidence of this, for the fourth time
in a row, we have been recognized as a Gallup Exceptional Workplace. We are one of only a handful of companies our size to win
this award, which is a testament to the skills of our leadership and engagement of our team members.
Global company
From a company that started 45 years ago with a single store, this year we have reached close to 17,000 stores, approximately
146,000 team members and operations in 29 countries. As we conclude another challenging year, we remain confident that by
relying on our values, long-term strategy, global scale and proven ability to successfully grow the network, we will continue to move
forward in our vision to become the world’s preferred destination for convenience and mobility. We want to thank our team
members and customers for their continued commitment to the business, and express our gratitude to our shareholders for their
unwavering support.
Your vote is important
Detailed instructions about how to participate at our Meeting and a description of the items of business to be considered at the
Meeting can be found in the notice of annual meeting of shareholders and the accompanying management information circular. We
invite you please to take some time to read these documents before you vote your shares as they discuss many important topics.
We look forward to engaging with you at our Meeting.
Sincerely,
(s) Alain Bouchard                                     (s) Alex Miller
Alain Bouchard                                         Alex Miller
Founder and Executive Chairman                         President and Chief Executive Officer

                                                                                                                                 ii

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
   Notice of our 2025 annual meeting of shareholders and
                   availability of materials
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. (the “Corporation”) will hold its annual meeting of
shareholders (the “Meeting”).

Date, time and place
When                                                               Where
Wednesday, September 3, 2025, at 10:30 a.m. (EDT)                  Virtual meeting via live webcast at
                                                                   https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-781-429-522
This year we will hold the Meeting in a virtual-only format, which will be conducted by live video webcast to give our shareholders an
equal opportunity to participate, vote and submit questions, regardless of their geographical location.

You can find out more about our policies and practices relating to virtual meetings, as well as detailed instructions on how to cast
your vote in the enclosed management information circular (the “Circular”).

Business to be transacted at the Meeting
    1.   To receive our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended April 27, 2025, together with the
         auditor’s reports.
    2.   To appoint our independent auditor until the next annual meeting of shareholders and authorize the Board of Directors of
         the Corporation (the "Board" or "Board of Directors") to set its remuneration.
    3.   To elect each of the directors nominated to serve on our Board until the next annual meeting of the Shareholders or until
         their successors are appointed.
    4.   To approve in a non-binding advisory capacity our approach to executive compensation policies.
    5.   To vote on six shareholder proposals we received from shareholders this year, as set out in Appendix D of the Circular.

Notice and Access
As permitted under Canadian securities regulations, you are receiving this notification as the Corporation has decided to use the
notice-and-access mechanism for delivery to both registered and non-registered shareholders of this notice of annual meeting of
shareholders, the Circular prepared in connection with the Meeting, and other proxy-related materials (the “Meeting Materials”).
You can download the Meeting Materials at https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/investors/shareholders-ressources/annual-general-
meeting-documents/.

How to request a paper copy of the Meeting Materials
If you would prefer to receive a paper copy of the Circular, please call us at the number in the box to the left, or send us an email,
and we will mail it to you at no cost. Note that we will not mail the proxy form or voting instruction form, so please keep the
one you received with the notice of meeting.




Call                                                               Send an email
1 (888) 433-6443 (toll-free in North America)                      tsxt-fulfilment@tmx.com
1 (416) 682-3801 (outside North America)

We need to receive your request by August 20, 2025 if you want to receive the Circular before the Meeting. After the Meeting,
please call 1 (888) 433-6443 or 1 (416) 682-3801 to ask for a printed copy.



                                                                                                                                   iii

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Attendance and voting at the Meeting
The record date for determination of shareholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Meeting (the “Record Date”) was
July 9, 2025. Only shareholders whose names have been entered in the register of the shares of the Corporation on the close of
business on the Record Date will be entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Meeting. Shareholders who acquire shares after
the Record Date will not be entitled to vote such shares at the Meeting.
Registered shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders will be able to attend, participate, vote and ask questions in writing or by
telephone live at the Meeting.
Non-registered shareholders who have not duly appointed themselves as their proxy will be able to attend the Meeting only as
guests. Guests will be able to listen to the Meeting but will not be able to vote or ask questions.

Registered shareholders                                             Non-registered shareholders
You are a registered shareholder if your shares are held in your You are a non-registered shareholder if your shares are listed in
name.                                                            an account statement provided to you by an intermediary.

Shareholders who wish to appoint a proxyholder other than the persons designated by the Corporation on the form of proxy or
voting instruction form (including a non-registered shareholder who wishes to appoint themselves as proxyholder) must carefully
follow the instructions in the Circular and on their form of proxy or voting instruction form. These instructions include the additional
step of registering such proxyholder with our transfer agent, TSX Trust Company ("TSX Trust"), after submitting their form of proxy
or voting instruction form. Failure to register the proxyholder will result in the proxyholder not receiving a control number that will
act as their online sign-in credentials and is required for them to vote at the Meeting and, consequently, will only be able to attend
the Meeting online as a guest.
We have enclosed a proxy form or voting information form with the notice of meeting. If you cannot attend the Meeting, please sign
and return the form following the instructions on starting on page 6 of the Circular.

Questions
If you have any questions regarding the notice of meeting, the notice-and-access mechanism or the Meeting please call TSX Trust at
1 (800) 387-0825.

By order of the Board of Directors,
(s) Mélanie Charbonneau

Mélanie Charbonneau
Chief Legal Affairs and Corporate Secretary
Laval, Québec
July 9, 2025




                                                                                                                                   iv

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
TABLE OF CONTENTS


3        General Information
5        Our Shares, Quorum and Principal Shareholders


6        Voting Information
6        Notice-and-Access
6        Who can vote
7        Appointment of proxyholder
8        How to vote


11       Business of the Meeting
11       Presentation of our consolidated financial statements
11       Appointing of auditor
12       Election of directors
13       Voting on our approach to executive compensation
13       Shareholder proposals


14       Nominees for election to the Board of Directors
14       Director Nominee profiles
31       Attributes of our Directors
32       Other information about Director Nominees


34       Director Compensation
34       Our Director Compensation Program
34       Annual Retainers
35       Non-Executive Directors minimum equity ownership requirements
35       Deferred Share Unit Plan
36       Non-Executive Directors compensation table
36       Incentive plan awards – value vested or earned during fiscal 2025
36       Upcoming changes to non-executive director compensation in fiscal 2026
37       Our Corporate Governance practices
37       Composition of our Board
43       Role and duties of our Board and its Committees
45       About our Board Committees
48       Ethical business behaviour and Ethics Code of Conduct
50       Shareholder engagement and transparency
52       Human capital management


55       Compensation Discussion and Analysis
55       Letter from the Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
57       2025 Performance
58       Our 2025 Named Executive Officers
61       Executive 2025 Compensation at a Glance and Performance
64       Executive Compensation Program

                                                                                           1

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
67       Annual Compensation Review Process on Management of Risk
71       Executive Share Ownership Requirement
72       Description of Compensation paid to NEOs in 2025
78       Termination and Change of Control Benefit
81       Key Compensation Tables


87       Appendices
87       Appendix A – Glossary
89       Appendix B – Mandate of the Board of Directors
92       Appendix C – Summaries of our long-term incentive plans
99       Appendix D – Shareholder Proposals
105      Appendix E – Non-IFRS Accounting Standards Measures




                                                                       2

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
General Information
We are sending you this document because you owned shares of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. on July 9, 2025. We
encourage you to vote at our annual meeting of shareholders by soliciting your proxy. We solicit proxies by mail, but
brokers and others who hold shares as nominees may send proxy material to beneficial owners of our shares. We pay the
cost of proxy solicitation. Such costs are expected to be nominal.



                       Where to get more information
                       You can find financial information about us in our 2025 Annual Report, which includes our
                       audited, consolidated financial statements and management’s discussion and analysis
                       (MD&A). You can learn more about the Audit Committee in our 2025 Annual Information Form.
                       These documents and others are on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com) and on SEDAR+
                       (sedarplus.ca). If you would like paper copies of these documents, please call us or send us an
                       email, and we will mail them to you at no cost:


                                    Call: 1 (450) 662-6632 (outside North America)


                                    Send an email investor.relations@couche-tard.com



The information in this document is as of July 9, 2025, and all dollar amounts expressed herein are in Canadian dollars unless noted
otherwise.
Forward looking statements
This Management Information Circular includes certain statements that are "forward-looking information" and "forward-looking
statements" (collectively, "forward-looking statements") within the meaning of the securities laws of Canada. Any statement in this Management
Information Circular that is not a statement of historical fact may be deemed to be a forward-looking statement. When used in this Management
Information Circular, the words "believe", "could", "should", "intend", "expect", "estimate", "assume", "aim", "align", "maintain", "continue", "effect",
"growth", "position", "seek", "strategy", "strive", "will", "may", "might" and other similar expressions or the negative of these terms are generally
intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements include such words. Forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to, those set forth in the table below, which also presents key assumptions used in determining the forward-looking
statements. See also the section "Outlook" in our 2025 MD&A. These forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses
made by us or our management in light of our experience and our perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future
developments, as well as other factors we believe are appropriate in the circumstances, including the assumptions in the table below as regards our
strategic initiatives and our "10 for the Win" strategy.

      Forward-looking statements                                                            Assumptions
Statements relating to our strategic            •     Ability to anticipate and respond to sudden challenges that we may face in the marketplace, trends in
initiatives, including "Winning Offer",               the market for our products and changing consumer demands
"Winning Fuel", "Winning the Customer",         •     Ability to remain relevant with respect to consumer’s needs and preferences for ways of doing
"Winning Growth", and "The Foundation",               business with us
which includes "Fit to Serve" and our ability   •     No serious disruption of our information technology systems
to execute these initiatives                    •     Ability to recruit and retain qualified employees in our stores
                                                •     Ability to receive refined oil products and merchandise for resale
                                                •     No major decrease in the demand for our major product, petroleum-based fuel, due to attitudes
                                                      toward its relationship to the environment and the green movement
                                                •     Market's ability to absorb road transportation fuel prices fluctuations
                                                •     Ability to meet customer requirements relative to price, quality, customer service and services
                                                      offerings
Additional statements relating to our "10       •     Ability to identify and complete strategic acquisitions in the future
for the Win" strategy                           •     Continued deployment of our strategic growth initiatives, such as network expansion through new
                                                      sites developments and merger and acquisitions activities
                                                •     Ability to obtain regulatory approval and financing on satisfactory terms for larger acquisitions
                                                •     Ability to integrate the acquired business in an efficient and effective manner
                                                •     Accuracy of our assessment of bases or sources of synergies and the occurrence of the benefits
                                                      anticipated
                                                •     Ability to take advantage of expected synergistic savings and increased operating efficiencies




                                                                                                                                                      3

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
It is important to know that the forward-looking statements in this Management Information Circular describe our expectations in light of the
information available to us as at July 9, 2025, which are inherently not guarantees of the future performance of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.
("Couche-Tard", the "Corporation", "we", or "our") or its industry, and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause Couche-
Tard's or the industry's outlook, actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or
achievements expressed or implied by such statements. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry
into, or review of all relevant information. Although we believe there is a reasonable basis for the forward-looking statements, our actual results could
be materially different from our expectations if known or unknown risks affect our business, or if our estimates or assumptions turn out to be
inaccurate. A change affecting an assumption can also have an impact on other interrelated assumptions, which could increase or diminish the effect
of the change. As a result, we cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will materialize and, accordingly, the reader is urged to consider
the risks, uncertainties, and assumptions carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statement and is cautioned not to place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements do not take into account the effect that transactions or special items announced or
occurring after the statements are made may have on our business. For example, they do not include sales of assets, monetization, mergers,
acquisitions, other business combinations or transactions, asset write-down, the impact of pandemics and geopolitical conflicts and tensions, or other
charges announced or occurring after forward-looking statements are made.
All forward-looking statements contained in this Management Information Circular are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary
statement and speak only as of the date of July 9, 2025, and unless otherwise required by applicable securities laws, we expressly disclaim any
intention or obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. While the
information contained in this Management Information Circular is believed to be accurate, Couche-Tard expressly disclaims any and all liability for
any losses, claims or damages of whatsoever kind based upon the information contained in, or omissions from, this Management Information
Circular. In addition, none of the statements contained in this Management Information Circular are intented to be, nor shall be deemed to be,
represented or warranties of Couche-Tard and its affiliates. Where the information is from third-party sources, the information is from sources
belived to be reliable, but Couche-Tard has not independently verified any of such information contained herein. Our business is subject to
substantial risks and uncertainties, including those referenced above. Investors, potential investors, and others should give careful consideration to
these risks and uncertainties.
The foregoing risks and uncertainties include the risks set forth under “Business Risks” in our 2025 MD&A as well as other risks detailed from time to
time in reports filed by Couche-Tard with securities regulators in Canada.




                                                                                                                                                    4

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Our Shares, Quorum and Principal Shareholders
Our Voting Shares and Principal Holders Thereof
Under the current articles of incorporation of the Corporation, the Corporation has one class of shares: an unlimited number of
Common Shares, which carry one vote per share.
On August 31, 2022, the Corporation announced that a special resolution was adopted authorizing the Corporation to amend its
articles of incorporation effective September 1, 2022, in accordance with the approval by a requisite majority of the votes cast by the
shareholders attending or represented by proxy at the Annual General and Special Meeting of Shareholders. The special resolution
authorized the Corporation to (i) create a new class of shares, namely an unlimited number of common shares (the “Common
Shares”), which carry one vote per share; (ii) convert each of the issued and outstanding Class A Multiple Voting Shares (the "Class A
Shares"), which carried 10 votes per share, into one Common Share; and (iii) after giving effect to the aforesaid conversion, repeal
the Class A Shares and the Class B Subordinate Voting Shares of the Corporation as well as the rights, privileges, restrictions and
conditions attaching thereto. (the "Conversion Event").
As a result of the Conversion Event, the Common Shares are the Corporation's only class of shares issued and outstanding and as of
July 9, 2025 there were 948,064,405 Common Shares issued and outstanding. Unless indicated otherwise, the term Shares used
herein refers to the Corporation's Common Shares.
To the best of the knowledge of the directors and named executive officers of the Corporation, Mr. Alain Bouchard is the only
person who, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns or exercises control over 10% or more of the votes attached to the Shares. As of
July 9, 2025, Mr. Bouchard held 123,380,609 of the Shares representing 13.02% of the current issued and outstanding shares of the
Corporation.

Our Quorum
Pursuant to the by-laws of the Corporation, a quorum of shareholders is present at the Meeting if the holders of not less than 25%
of all issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the Meeting are present in person or represented by proxy.

Normal Course Issuer Bid ("NCIB")
On April 29, 2024, the Corporation announced that the Toronto Stock Exchange ("TSX") approved the renewal of its NCIB,
authorizing the Corporation to purchase for cancellation, on the open market through the facilities of the TSX and through
alternative trading systems in Canada, as well as outside the facilities of the TSX pursuant to exemption orders issued by securities
regulators, a maximum of 78,083,521 Shares, representing 10% of the 780,835,217 public float as at April 18, 2024. Repurchases
under the NCIB were authorized to commence on May 1, 2024, and end at the latest on April 30, 2025.
During the 12-month period ended April 27, 2025, the Corporation repurchased for cancellation a total of 8,695,652 Shares under its
previous NCIB through the facilities of the TSX and alternative Canadian trading systems for an approximate total cost of
approximately CA$700 million and at a weighted average price paid per share of CA$80.50.
The Corporation believes that the repurchasing of Shares from time to time is an appropriate use of its funds and a desirable
investment for the Corporation and, therefore, would be in its best interests. By making such repurchases, the number of Shares in
circulation will be reduced and the proportionate interest of all remaining shareholders in the share capital of the Corporation will
be increased on a pro rata basis. A copy of the Notice of Intention for the NCIB may be obtained without charge by contacting the
Corporation.




                                                                                                                                  5

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Voting Information
Please join us at our virtual-only annual meeting of shareholders (the "Meeting"). This section of our management information
circular (the "Circular") tells you about the Meeting, how you can vote, and the items you will be voting on.

When                                                                Where
Wednesday, September 3, 2025, at 10:30 a.m. (EDT)                   Virtual meeting via live video webcast at
                                                                    https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-781-429-522

Notice-and-Access
This year once again, as permitted by Canadian securities regulators, we are using notice-and-access (as defined in National
Instrument 54-101 - Communication with Beneficial Owners of Securities of a Reporting Issuer ("NI-54-101")) to deliver the Meeting
materials, including this Circular, to both our registered and non-registered shareholders.

This means that the Circular is being posted online for shareholders to access, rather than being mailed out. Notice-and-access
gives shareholders more choice, substantially reduces the Corporation’s printing and mailing costs, and is more environmentally
friendly as it reduces materials and energy consumption. Shareholders will still receive a form of proxy or a voting instruction form
in the mail (unless shareholders have chosen to receive proxy materials electronically) so they can vote their shares but, instead of
automatically receiving a paper copy of this Circular, shareholders will receive a notice with information about how they can access
the Circular electronically and how to request a paper copy. This Circular is available on the Corporation’s website at https://
corpo.couche-tard.com/en/investors/shareholders-ressources/annual-general-meeting-documents/              or    on     SEDAR+       at
www.sedarplus.ca. Shareholders may request a paper copy of this Circular at no cost, up to one year from the date this Circular was
filed on SEDAR+. To ensure you receive paper copies of the materials in advance of the voting deadline and meeting date, all
requests must be received no later than August 20, 2025. If you do request paper copies of the current materials, please note that
another Proxy/Voting Instruction Form will not be sent; please retain your current one for voting purposes. Request materials by
calling toll-free within North America at 1 (888) 433-6443, from outside of North America at (416) 682-3801 or by email at tsxt-
fulfilment@tmx.com.

Who can vote
This year, the Corporation is providing facilities to allow its shareholders to participate in a virtual meeting format whereby
registered shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders may attend and participate in the Meeting via live video webcast.
Attending the Meeting online enables registered shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders, including non-registered
shareholders who have duly appointed themselves as proxyholder, to participate at the Meeting and ask questions in writing and by
telephone, all in real time.
You can vote at the Meeting if you held Shares at the close of business on July 9, 2025.

Registered shareholders                                             Non-registered shareholders
You are a registered shareholder if your shares are registered You are a non-registered shareholder when your Shares are
directly in your name with our Transfer Agent. You hold your held in the name of an intermediary, usually a bank, trust
Shares through the direct registration system (DRS) on the company, security dealer or broker or other financial institution.
records of our Transfer Agent in electronic form. Your proxy When you receive a voting instruction form, this tells you that
form tells you whether you are a registered shareholder or not. you are a non-registered shareholder.

Registered shareholders
If you are a registered shareholder, you will receive a form of proxy containing the relevant details concerning the business of the
Meeting, including a control number that must be used to vote by proxy in advance of the Meeting, or join the live webcast the day
of the Meeting to participate and vote at the Meeting.

In order to attend the online Meeting, please follow the instructions set below under the heading How to vote.




                                                                                                                                 6

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Non-registered shareholders
Your intermediary is required to seek your voting instructions in advance of the Meeting. You will have received from your
intermediary a package of information with respect to the Meeting, including either a proxy form or a voting instruction form. Each
intermediary has its own signature and return instructions. It is important that you comply with these instructions if you want the
voting rights attached to your shares to be exercised.
If you vote by Internet or telephone, you must do so no later than 10:30 a.m. (Montréal time) on August 29, 2025. In rare cases, non-
registered shareholders may have received a form of proxy instead of a voting instruction form. Such a form of proxy will likely be
stamped by the applicable intermediary. In such a case, you may have to follow the instructions in this Circular applicable to
registered shareholders.
Non-registered shareholders who have not duly appointed themselves as proxyholder will not be entitled to vote at the
Meeting during the live webcast. If you are a non-registered shareholder and have not appointed yourself as a proxyholder, you
will be able to attend the Meeting as a guest but will not be able to vote your shares at the Meeting. To appoint yourself as
proxyholder, you may follow the instructions set out below under the heading How to vote.


Appointment of proxyholder

Voting by proxy means having someone else (your proxyholder) vote for you at the meeting.             BE SURE TO VOTE
Unless you appoint someone else, Alain Bouchard or Alex Miller will be your proxyholder. This         BEFORE THE DEADLINE
includes non-registered shareholders who wish to appoint themselves as proxyholder to                 Your     proxy   must    be
attend, participate or vote at the Meeting online.                                                    received by 10:30 a.m.
                                                                                                      (Montréal time) on August
If you want to appoint someone else to be your proxyholder, write that person’s name in
                                                                                                      29, 2025, or two business
the space provided on the proxy form or the voting information form (as applicable),
                                                                                                      days before the meeting if
and make sure they follow all the instructions set out below under the heading How to
                                                                                                      it    is    adjourned     or
vote. The person you appoint does not need to be a shareholder of the Corporation.
                                                                                                      postponed in accordance
Shareholders who wish to appoint someone other than the Corporation’s proxyholders as their           with applicable Canadian
proxyholder to attend and participate at the Meeting as their proxy and vote their Shares             securities regulations. The
MUST submit their form of proxy or voting instruction form, as applicable, appointing that            chairman of the meeting
person as proxyholder AND register that proxyholder, as described below. Registering your             can waive or extend the
proxyholder is an additional step to be completed AFTER you have submitted your form of               proxy voting deadline at his
proxy or voting instruction form. Failure to register your proxyholder will result in the             or her discretion, without
proxyholder not receiving a control number that is required to vote at the Meeting.                   notice.

         Step 1 - Submit your form of proxy or voting instruction form: To appoint yourself or a
         third-party proxyholder, insert your or such person’s name in the blank space
         provided in the form of proxy or voting instruction form and follow the instructions for
         submitting such proxy or voting instruction form. This must be completed prior to
         registering such proxyholder, which is an additional step to be completed once you
         have submitted your form of proxy or voting instruction form.

        Step 2 - Register your proxyholder: To register yourself or a third-party proxyholder,
        shareholders must call 1 (866) 751-6315 (toll free in Canada and the United States) or
        1 (416) 682-3860 not later than 10:30 a.m. (Eastern time) on August 29, 2025, or, if the
        Meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays,
        Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the adjourned or postponed
        meeting, and provide TSX Trust with the required proxyholder contact information so
        that TSX Trust may provide the proxyholder with a control number via email. Without a
        control number, proxyholders will not be able to vote or ask questions at the Meeting
        but will be able to participate as a guest.




                                                                                                                                7

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
How your Shares will be voted
Your proxyholders will follow your voting instructions. Unless you appoint someone else, Alain Bouchard or Alex Miller will be
your proxyholder (the “Named Proxyholder”) and will vote as follows:
  ▪ for the appointment of our auditor;
  ▪ for the election of each nominated director;
  ▪ for our approach to executive compensation;

If any of the nominees is unable to serve as a director for any reason, your proxyholder can vote your Shares for another nominee
at their discretion, unless you have specified on your proxy form that you have withheld from voting in the election of directors.
If other matters properly come before the Meeting, your proxyholders can vote as they see fit.

Revoking your proxy
If you change your mind about how you want to vote your Shares, you can revoke your proxy by sending a new proxy form (signed
by you or your authorized attorney) by 10:30 a.m. Montréal time) on August 29, 2025 to TSX Trust Company, Proxy Department,
P.O. Box 721, Agincourt, ON M1S 0A1. If your proxy and voting instructions were conveyed over the internet or by email, conveying
new voting instructions within the applicable cut-off times will automatically revoke your prior voting instructions.

How to vote

Option 1: vote by proxy in advance of Meeting
Registered shareholders
            1. Online
            Go to www.meeting-vote.com and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your proxy form.

            2. By telephone
            Call 1 (888) 489-7352 toll-free from anywhere in Canada and the United States and an agent will help you vote online. You
            will need the control number listed on your proxy form.

            3. By mail, fax or email
            Complete, sign and date your proxy form following the instructions on the form. You can send it to us in one of the
            following three ways:
           Mail it to our transfer agent, TSX Trust Company, using the prepaid envelope provided.


            Fax it to 1 (416) 595-9593.


            Scan and email it to proxyvote@tmx.com.




Non Registered shareholders
            1. Online
            Go to www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your voting instruction
            form.

            2. By telephone
            Call 1 (800) 474-7493 (English) or 1 (800) 474-7501 (French) toll-free from anywhere in Canada and 1 (800) 454-8683 from the
            United States and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your voting instruction form.
            3. By mail
            Complete, sign and date your voting instruction form following the instructions on the form and return it in the business
            reply envelope provided.




                                                                                                                                      8

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Non Registered shareholders - Employees holding shares under the ESPP
Employee shares purchased by employees of the Corporation or its subsidiaries under the ESPP (the “Employee Shares”) are
registered in the name of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc., as nominee. Canadian Western Trust holds the Employee Shares as a
trustee, in accordance with the provisions of the ESPP unless the employees have withdrawn their shares from the plan.
If you hold Employee Shares, you can direct your proxyholder to vote your Employee Shares as you instruct. Instructions are given
to your proxyholder by proxy in the manner described below.
            1. Online
            Go to www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your voting instruction
            form.

            2. By telephone
            Call 1 (800) 474-7493 (English) or 1 (800) 474-7501 (French) toll-free from anywhere in Canada and 1 (800) 454-8683 from the
            United States and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your voting instruction form.
            3. By mail
            Complete, sign and date your voting instruction form following the instructions on the form and return it in the business
            reply envelope provided.

TSX Trust, the Corporation’s transfer agent, must have received your proxy form or you must have voted by internet or telephone
no later than 10:30 a.m. (Montreal time) on August 29, 2025. See Appointment of proxy for the complete procedure to follow to
appoint another person to act as your proxyholder.
Option 2: vote virtually at the Meeting
Registered shareholders
If you are a registered shareholder, you will be able to attend, participate, submit questions and vote live at the Meeting by logging
in online and following the below instructions:
     1.   Log in online at https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-781-429-522 at least 30 minutes before the Meeting starts
     2.   Click “I have a control number”
     3.   Enter the control number located on the form of proxy or in the email notification you received
     4.   Enter the password “couchetard2025” (case sensitive)
     5.   Follow the instructions to access the Meeting, and vote when prompted


Non Registered shareholders, including Employees holding shares under the ESPP
If you are a non-registered shareholder, you can vote your shares at the Meeting if you have instructed your nominee to appoint
you as a proxyholder by submitting your voting instruction form identifying yourself as a proxyholder. Appoint yourself as
proxyholder by following the complete procedure set out under Appointment of a Proxyholder. Once you have appointed yourself
and have received the 13-digit proxyholder control number, you will be able to attend, participate, submit questions and vote live
at the Meeting by logging in online and following the below instructions:
     1.   Log in at https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-781-429-522 at least 30 minutes before the Meeting starts
     2.   Click on “I have a control number”
     3.   Enter your control number
     4.   Enter the password: “couchetard2025” (case sensitive)
     5.   Follow the instructions to access the Meeting, and vote when prompted.

If you are a non-registered shareholder and you have not instructed your nominee to appoint you as proxyholder, you will not be
able to vote at the Meeting but will be able to attend as a guest.

You have to be connected to the internet at all times in order to be able to vote when solicited – it is your responsibility to make
sure you stay connected for the entire Meeting. You should connect 30 minutes in advance in order to allow ample time to check
into the Meeting online and complete the related procedure.




                                                                                                                                      9

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Guests
If you wish to attend the Meeting as a guest, you can attend the Meeting by logging online at https://
meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-781-429-522 at least 15 minutes before the Meeting starts. You should allow ample time to check
into the virtual Meeting and to complete the related procedures. Please click “I am a guest” and fill in the registration form before
clicking "Continue". Guests will be able to attend the Meeting but will not be able to submit questions, vote their Shares (if any) or
otherwise participate in the Meeting.

Asking questions at the Meeting
It is recommended to shareholders and proxyholders to submit their questions as soon as possible during the Meeting so they can
be addressed at the right time. There are two ways to ask questions during the Meeting. Questions may be submitted in writing by
using the relevant “Messaging” function during the Meeting. Questions may also be asked over the telephone. To do so, the
shareholder or proxyholder will need to submit its telephone number by using the relevant dialog box in the "Messaging" function
during the Meeting in order to be reached by telephone at the appropriate time. Your telephone number will not be shared with the
other Meeting attendees. Only shareholders and duly appointed and registered proxyholders may ask questions during the
question period.

The Executive Chairman and other members of management present at the Meeting will answer questions relating to matters to be
voted on before a vote is held on each matter, if applicable. General questions will be addressed by them at the end of the Meeting
during the question period. So that as many questions as possible are answered, shareholders and proxyholders are asked to be
brief and concise and to address only one topic per question. Questions from multiple shareholders on the same topic or that are
otherwise related will be grouped, summarized and answered together.

All shareholder questions are welcome. However, the Corporation does not intend to address questions that:
  ▪   are irrelevant to the Corporation’s operations or to the business of the Meeting;
  ▪   are related to non-public information about the Corporation;
  ▪   are related to personal grievances;
  ▪   constitute derogatory references to individuals or that are otherwise offensive to third parties;
  ▪   are repetitious or have already been asked by other shareholders;
  ▪   are in furtherance of a shareholder’s personal or business interest; or
  ▪   are out of order or not otherwise appropriate as determined by the Executive Chairman or Secretary of the Meeting in their
      reasonable judgment.




                                                                                                                                10

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Business of the Meeting
The Meeting will cover the following five items of business:
    (1) Presentation of our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended April 27, 2025, together with the
        auditor’s reports.
    (2) Appointment of our independent auditor until the next annual meeting of shareholders and authorize the Board of
        Directors of the Corporation (the "Board" or "Board of Directors") to set its remuneration.
    (3) Election of each of the directors nominated to serve on our Board until the next annual meeting of the Shareholders or
        until their successors are appointed.
    (4) Consideration and approval, in a non-binding advisory capacity our approach to executive compensation policies.
    (5) Vote on six shareholder proposals we received from shareholders this year, as set out in Appendix D of the Circular.

As at the date of this Circular, management is not aware of any other matters to be brought forward at the Meeting. However, the
proxy form confers discretionary authority upon the persons named therein to vote on any other matters to be brought forward at
the Meeting.

1 Presentation of our consolidated financial statements

We will present our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended April 27, 2025, together with the auditor’s reports.
We have mailed our consolidated financial statements to shareholders who have requested to receive a copy. You can also find a
copy in our 2025 Annual Report, which is on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com) and on SEDAR+ (sedarplus.ca).

2 Appointing of auditor

The Board, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, recommends appointing
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, a partnership of Chartered Professional Accountants ("PwC") as                MANAGEMENT
our auditor until the next annual meeting of shareholders at a remuneration to be fixed by the            RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
Board. If you have not specified how you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the
Named Proxyholder as your proxyholder, the Named Proxyholder will vote FOR the                            FOR
appointment of PwC as independent auditor of the Corporation and FOR authorizing the Board                THE AUDITOR
to determine its remuneration.
The Audit Committee has adopted procedures for the pre-approval of engagement for services
of its external auditor, which require pre-approval of all audit and non-audit services provided
by the external auditor. Moreover, the Board, upon recommendation of the Audit Committee,
approves, on an annual basis, the fees charged to the Corporation by PwC. The table below
shows the fees we paid to PwC for services in the 2025 and 2024 fiscal years respectively:

                                                   Fiscal 2025             Fiscal 2024
                                                   (year ended April 27)   (year ended April 28)
              Audit fees                           $           5,813,661   $         4,114,356
              Audit-related fees                   $            265,021    $           524,334
              Tax fees                             $             50,778    $            87,842
              All other fees                       $            143,310    $            63,552
              Total                                $           6,272,770   $         4,790,084

Audit fees are for auditing our annual consolidated financial statements, our internal control over financial reporting and for
services that are normally provided by the auditor in connection with an engagement to audit the financial statements of an issuer:
  ▪ statutory or regulatory audit and certification engagements, mainly related to European subsidiaries (2025: $3,098,011,
    2024: $1,847,553) ;
  ▪ consultations related to specific audit or accounting matters that arise during or as a result of an audit or review;
  ▪ services in connection with the Corporation’s quarterly reports, prospectuses and other filings with applicable securities
    regulatory authorities (2025: $340,000 , 2024: $320,000).




                                                                                                                               11

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Audit-related fees are for assurance and related services traditionally performed by an independent auditor:
  ▪ employee benefit plan audits;
  ▪ assurance engagements that are not required by statute or regulation;
  ▪ general advice on accounting standards including IFRS.
Tax fees are for tax planning and other tax advice related to our international corporate structure.
All other fees are for professional services that do not fall into any of the categories above, including due diligence fees and other
services.
Non-audit services
We have a policy that prohibits the auditor from providing the following non-audit services to us: bookkeeping or other services
related to the accounting records or financial statements, financial information systems design and implementation, appraisal or
valuation services, actuarial services, internal audit services, investment banking services, management functions or human
resources functions, legal services and expert services unrelated to the audit. The auditor can provide other non-audit services as
long as they are pre-approved by the Audit Committee.

3 Election of directors

It is proposed that sixteen (16) directors be elected until the next annual meeting of the
shareholders of the Corporation. Each director so elected at the Meeting will hold office until        MANAGEMENT
the end of the next annual meeting of Shareholders or until his or her successor is appointed,         RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
unless his or her office is vacated at an earlier date. Please see the section of this Circular
entitled Nominees for election to the Board of Directors on page 15 for additional information on      FOR
each of the nominees.                                                                                  EACH DIRECTOR NOMINEE
If you have not specified how you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the
Named Proxyholder as your proxyholder, the Named Proxyholder will vote FOR the election of
each of the Director Nominees. Shareholders should note that the form of proxy or voting
instruction form, as applicable, provides for voting for individual directors as opposed to voting
for directors as a slate.
This year the Board approved the sixteen (16) nominees listed below to serve as directors until the next annual meeting of
shareholders or until a successor is elected or appointed. All directors served on our Board last year, for at least a portion
of the year.

                       ▪   Alain Bouchard             ▪   Janice L. Fields            ▪   Monique F. Leroux
                       ▪   Mélanie Kau                ▪   Eric Fortin                 ▪   Alex Miller
                       ▪   Jean Bernier               ▪   Richard Fortin              ▪   Réal Plourde
                       ▪   Karinne Bouchard           ▪   Stephen J. Harper           ▪   Louis Têtu
                       ▪   Eric Boyko                 ▪   Marie-Josée Lamothe         ▪   Louis Vachon
                       ▪   Marie-Eve D’Amours


                   MAJORITY VOTING POLICY
                    Shareholders can vote for or withhold their votes for individual directors. According to our
                    majority voting policy, directors who receive more withhold votes than for votes in an
                    uncontested election will not have received the support of shareholders and will have to
                    resign. The HRCG Committee will consider whether or not to accept the resignation and
                    will make a recommendation to the Board. The affected director will not be part of these
                    discussions. The Board will announce its decision in a press release within 90 days of the
                    annual meeting of shareholders. If it decides not to accept the resignation, it will explain
                    why in the press release.




                                                                                                                                12

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
               HOW TO NOMINATE A DIRECTOR TO THE BOARD
             If you wish to nominate a director to the Board without using a shareholder proposal, you must notify the Corporate
             Secretary according to the timeline in the table below. Your written notice must be in the format described in our Advance
             notice by-law (By-Law No. 2014-1), which you can find on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com).
                                      If the first public announcement                 You must send notice of director nominees no
                                      of the Meeting is made:                          later than:
               Annual meetings        More than 50 days before the meeting             30 days before the meeting (but not earlier than
                                                                                       65 days before the meeting)
                                    50 days or less before the meeting                 10 days after the first public announcement of
                                                                                       the meeting
               Special meetings                                                        15 days after the first public announcement of
                                                                                       the meeting
               Public announcement means disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service in Canada, or in a public
               document filed on SEDAR+.




4 Voting on our approach to executive compensation                                                                    MANAGEMENT
                                                                                                                      RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
In order to enhance transparency with regard to executive compensation, and as part of our
engagement process between shareholders and the Board, we are pleased to once again offer                             FOR
our shareholders the opportunity to express their views on our approach to executive
                                                                                                                      OUR APPROACH ON
compensation.
                                                                                                                      EXECUTIVE
We believe that our approach to executive compensation supports our strategy, is dependent                            COMPENSATION
on the Corporation’s performance and reflects our entrepreneurial culture. Our compensation
strategy has four elements:
  ▪   be competitive;
  ▪   pay for performance;
  ▪   align with shareholder interests; and
  ▪   link to strategy. You can read more about this on page 65.
As such, the Board recommends that shareholders indicate their support to the Corporation’s approach to executive compensation
disclosed in this Circular by voting FOR the following advisory resolution:
RESOLVED, on an advisory basis and not to diminish the role and responsibilities of the Board that the shareholders accept the
approach to executive compensation as disclosed in this Circular in advance of the Meeting.
Since this is an advisory vote, the results are not binding on the Board. The Board will, however, take the results into account, as
appropriate, along with comments it may have received from shareholders in the course of engaging with them when determining
its approach to compensation for subsequent financial years.
If you have not specified how you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the Named Proxyholder as your proxyholder,
the Named Proxyholder will vote FOR the above non-binding, advisory resolution on executive compensation.

5 Shareholder Proposals
                                                                                                                      MANAGEMENT
The Corporation received a total of six shareholder proposals this year, five from the                                RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
Mouvement d’éducation et de défence des actionnaires (“MÉDAC”), a holder of Shares of the
Corporation, having its principal office at 82 Sherbrooke Street West, Montréal, Québec, H2X                          AGAINST
1X3, Canada and one from the Shareholder Association for Research & Education ("SHARE"), a                            SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS
holder of Shares of the Corporation, having its principal office at Suite 440, 789 West Pender
Street, Vancouver, British Columbia V6C 1H2. The proposals from MÉDAC were submitted in
French and were translated into English by the Corporation.
The full text of the six proposals submitted for consideration at the Meeting has been
reproduced in Appendix D to this Circular, along with the Corporation's response.
The Board recommends that shareholders vote AGAINST each of the six shareholder
proposals for the reasons described in Appendix D to this Circular. Unless a proxy specifies that
the Shares it represents should be voted for any of the shareholder proposals, the person
named in the form of proxy or voting instruction form, as applicable intend to vote AGAINST
each of the proposals.


                                                                                                                                          13

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Nominees for election to the Board of Directors

This year the Board is proposing sixteen (16) directors for                                           ENTREPRENEURIAL
nomination to the Board (the “Director Nominees”). Each of them                                       BOARD
brings a range of skills and abilities, and as a group, they have
the right balance of business and senior leadership experience
and expertise to oversee our business and strategic direction.
                                                                                                      94%
                                                                                                      OF OUR DIRECTOR
                                                                                                      NOMINEES HAVE
                                                                                                      ENTREPRENEURIAL
                                                                                                      EXPERIENCE


Director Nominees profiles
The following section presents the profile of each our Director Nominees, including a description of his or her experience and
qualifications, principal occupation, participation on the Board (if applicable), number of Shares of the Corporation beneficially
owned, directly or indirectly, or over which control or direction is exercised, number of Deferred Share Units (“DSUs” or "DSU") of
the Corporation held, as well as other public company board memberships. Shares are valued at $69.41, the closing price of our
Shares on the TSX on July 9, 2025.
A more detailed description of each Director Nominee’s competencies is described in the skills matrix in the Corporate Governance
Practices section of this Circular.

    95.12%                                                                              100%                       56.25%
                                 62                       12 years
 Average 2024                                                                       Average Board               Independent
                             Average Age               Average tenure
  votes FOR                                                                          Attendance                   Directors




                                                                                                                             14

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                                    Alain Bouchard, O.C., O.Q.
                                    Founder and Executive Chairman, Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.
                                          •    Age: 76
                                          •    Not independent
                                          •    Director since: 1988
                                          •    2024 Voting Results: 94.33% in favour
                                          •    Fiscal 2025 meeting attendance: 100%

 Alain Bouchard has served as the Executive Chairman of Alimentation Couche-Tard since 2014, when he stepped down after 25 years as
 President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Bouchard opened his first convenience store in Québec in 1980 and founded the companies that
 grew into Alimentation Couche-Tard. He has over 50 years of experience in the retail industry and worked with his closest collaborators
 and all staff members to build Alimentation Couche-Tard into the business it is today. He has also been a member of the Board of
 Directors of Quebecor from 1997 and the Board of Directors of CGI Inc. from 2013 to 2023.
 Mr. Bouchard is a Member of the Order of Canada and an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec. He also has an honorary doctorate in
 Consumer Sciences from Université Laval in Québec City and an honorary doctorate in Laws from McGill University in Montréal. He has
 received many distinguished awards for business excellence and his outstanding professional achievements. He is a Companion of the
 Order of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame, a Member of the Cercle des Grands entrepreneurs du Québec, Grand bâtisseur de
 l’économie du Québec (Institute for governance). He was named Outstanding industry leader of the year (NACDA) in 2008, Canada’s
 Outstanding CEO of the year in 2013 and NACS Insight International Convenience Leader of the year in 2014. He has also received the
 T. Patrick Boyle Founder’s Award (Fraser Institute) in 2014.
 Mr. Bouchard has been involved in several fundraising campaigns and philanthropic activities. He and his wife established the Sandra and
 Alain Bouchard Foundation in 2012, which supports various causes associated with people living with intellectual disabilities as well as
 artistic and cultural projects. In 2015, Mr. Bouchard and his wife were named Exceptional philanthropist of the year by the Québec Chapter
 of the Association of Fundraising Professionals, and they both hold an honorary doctorate from Concordia University in Montréal for their
 leading role in philanthropy in Québec.
 Mr. Bouchard lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
 Committee memberships              Mr. Bouchard does not serve on any committees because he is a co-founder of the Corporation and
                                    Executive Chairman of the Board.
 Other public company boards None
 and committees
 Interlocking Relationships         None
                 (1)
 Securities held                       ▪ Shares: 123,380,609
                                       ▪ Deferred Share Units: 38,253
                                       ▪ Value of at risk holding: $8,937,993,986
                                    Mr. Bouchard meets his executive equity ownership requirement – see page 72 for details.
(1)
  As an executive, Mr. Bouchard also earns Share Units and stock Options – see page 62.




                                                                                                                                      15

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                               Louis Vachon, Lead Director
                               Operating Partner, J.C. Flowers & Co.
                                   •    Age: 62
                                   •    Independent
                                   •    Director since: 2021
                                   •    2024 Voting Results: 99.56% in favour
                                   •    Fiscal 2025 meeting attendance: 100%

Louis Vachon joined J.C. Flowers & Co. as Operating Partner in January 2022. From June 2007 to October 2021, Mr. Vachon was President
and Chief Executive Officer of National Bank. He was responsible for the strategies, orientations and development of the Bank and its
subsidiaries. At the time of his appointment, Mr. Vachon was Chief Operating Officer, a position he had held since 2006.
From 2005 to 2006, Mr. Vachon was Chairman of the Board of National Bank Financial, the Bank's leading subsidiary, and of Natcan
Investment Management. He had previously served as Chief Executive Officer of National Bank Financial.
Mr. Vachon began his career in 1985 at Citibank and joined Lévesque Beaubien Geoffrion in 1986. From 1990 to 1996, he worked for
Bankers Trust, where he was ultimately appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of the Canadian subsidiary, BT Bank of Canada.
Mr. Vachon rejoined the Bank in 1996 as President and Chief Executive Officer of Innocap Investment Management. A year later, he was
appointed Senior Vice-President – Treasury and Financial Markets.
Mr. Vachon serves on the Boards of Capital Funding Group, Groupe CH Inc., Alimentation Couche-Tard, and BCE. He is involved with
several social and cultural organizations.
Mr. Vachon holds a Master's degree in International Finance from Tufts’ Fletcher School and a BA in Economics from Bates College. He is
                                       ®
also a Chartered Financial Analyst, CFA .
Mr. Vachon is a Member of the Order of Canada, Officer of the National Order of Québec and Knight of the Order of Montréal as well as a
recipient of the Global Citizens Award from the United Nations Association in Canada. He has been awarded honorary doctorates by the
University of Ottawa, Bishop’s University, Ryerson University and Concordia University. Mr. Vachon has also been appointed Colonel (H) of
the Fusiliers Mont-Royal. In 2014, he was named CEO of the Year by Canadian Business magazine, as well as Financial Personality of the
Year by Quebec business publication Finance et Investissement, a title he also received in 2012. He was recognized by the Portage
Foundation as its Grand Philanthrope for 2014. Mr. Vachon was, moreover, one of Canada's Top 40 Under 40 in 2001.
Mr. Vachon lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          None
Other public company boards BCE/Bell (October 2022 - present) - member of the Compensation Committee and the Risk and Pension
and committees              Fund Committee
Interlocking Relationships     Mr. Vachon sits on the Board of directors of BCE Inc., alongside Ms. Leroux
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 10,000
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 12,551
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $1,633,143
                               Mr. Vachon meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                   16

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                               Jean Bernier
                               Corporate Director
                                    •    Age: 68
                                    •    Independent
                                    •    Director since: 2019
                                    •    2024 Voting Results: 98.54% in favour
                                    •    Fiscal 2025 meeting attendance: 100%
Jean Bernier is a corporate director and has over 30 years of experience in the fuel, convenience store and grocery store sectors of the
retail industry. He joined Alimentation Couche-Tard on July 30, 2012 as Group President, Fuel Americas and Operations North East, and
served as Group President, Global Fuels and North-East Operations from March 15, 2016. He retired from the Corporation effective
April 30, 2018.
Mr. Bernier previously spent 15 years at Valero Energy Corporation, an international manufacturer and marketer of transportation fuels
and petrochemical products. He was Executive Vice President of Valero Energy Corporation from 2011 to 2012, responsible for the overall
operations of Ultramar Ltd, the company’s Canadian subsidiary, all of the US and Canadian retail operations as well as the corporate
functions of communications, supply chain management and information services. From 1997 to 2011 he held a number of senior
management positions with Ultramar Ltd. and served as President from 1999 to 2011, responsible for its overall operations, and Vice-
President, Retail Operations from 1997 to 1999. Prior to joining Ultramar Ltd., Mr. Bernier was with Provigo Inc. for nine years and held a
number of senior roles including Vice-President, Human Resources, Vice-President, Maxi, Provigo Distribution, Inc. and Executive Vice-
President and Chief Operating Officer, C. Corp. Inc.
Mr. Bernier is currently a member of the boards of C&E Seafood Canada LP, since 2018 and TES Canada H2 Inc., since 2023, both private
companies. He was a member of the board of CrossAmerica Partners LP from 2017 to 2019, the Montréal Economic Institute from 2017 to
2022 and served on the board of the Canadian Fuels Association from 1999 to 2012, including the role of Chairman from 2007 to 2009.
Mr. Bernier has a Master’s degree in Industrial Relations from the University of Waterloo and a Bachelor’s degree from the Université de
Montréal.
Mr. Bernier lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     None
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 41,126
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 16,985
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $5,222,930
                               Mr. Bernier meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                     17

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                               Karinne Bouchard, CPA
                               Corporate Director
                                    •    Age: 46
                                    •    Not Independent
                                    •    Director since: 2021
                                    •    2024 Voting Results: 92.91% in favour
                                    •    Fiscal 2025 meeting attendance: 100%

Karinne Bouchard is a corporate director. She is a member of the board of directors of Stingray Group, Inc. since February 2021 where she
also is the Chair of the Audit Committee. She is also a member of the Board of the Sandra and Alain Bouchard Foundation, a foundation
dedicated to financially supporting organizations that work in the arts and culture sector, as well as organizations that provide support to
people living with intellectual disability to enable people to reach their full potential. Previously, Ms. Bouchard was the global head of
treasury and treasurer of Alimentation Couche-Tard from 2013 to 2021.
Ms. Bouchard is a graduate with distinction of McGill University and has a bachelor’s degree in finance. She also holds a master’s degree in
finance from the University of Sherbrooke, a Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) certification, and an administrator accreditation of
the Institute of Corporate Directors (ICD.D).
Ms. Bouchard lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          None
Other public company boards Stingray Group Inc. (February 2021 – present) – Chair of the Audit Committee
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     Ms. Bouchard sits on the Board of directors of Stingray Group Inc., alongside Mr. Boyko
Securities held                   ▪ Shares: 24,022
                                  ▪ Deferred Shares Units: 5,489
                                  ▪ Value of at risk holding: $2,137,187
                               Ms. Bouchard meets her equity ownership requirement – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                      18

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                               Eric Boyko, CPA
                               President, Chief Executive Officer and co-founder,
                               Stingray Group Inc.
                                   •    Age: 55
                                   •    Independent
                                   •    Director since: 2017
                                   •    2024 Voting Results: 94.09% in favour
                                   •    Fiscal 2025 meeting attendance: 100%
Eric Boyko is an entrepreneur with two decades of experience with start-ups and has extensive expertise in business innovations. He is
President, Co-founder, and CEO of Stingray Group Inc., an industry leader in music and video content distribution, business services, and
advertising solutions, reaching 540 million consumers in 160 countries. The company completed a successful IPO in June 2015 and is listed
on the Toronto Stock Exchange (RAY.A; RAY.B). Previously, Mr. Boyko founded and was President of eFundraising.com Corporation, which
became a leading player in the North American fundraising industry. In 2006, he was named one of Canada’s Top 40 Under 40. Mr. Boyko
also sits on the board of directors of Intelcom and Trans-Pro Logistics, both logistics companies headquartered in Montreal. Mr. Boyko is
proud to serve as a board member of the Montreal Canadiens Children’s Foundation and also sits on the board of the Orchestre
Symphonique de Montréal (OSM).
A graduate with great distinction of McGill University, he holds a Bachelor of Commerce with a concentration in accounting and
entrepreneurship. Mr. Boyko became a Certified General Accountant (CGA) in 1997.
Mr. Boyko lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          Audit Committee (chair)
Other public company boards Stingray Group Inc. (2007 – present)
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     Mr. Boyko sits on the Board of directors of Stingray Group Inc., alongside Ms. Bouchard
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 38,300
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 29,780
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $4,930,354
                               Mr. Boyko meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                   19

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                              Marie-Eve D'Amours
                              Treasurer, Fondation D'Amours
                                   •    Age: 44
                                   •    Not Independent
                                   •    Director since: 2023
                                   •    2024 Voting Results: 95.16% in favour
                                   •    Fiscal 2025 meeting attendance: 100%

Marie-Eve D’Amours is Treasurer of the Fondation D’Amours since 2018, a charitable trust helping several non-profit organizations with
intellectual disabilities and children in vulnerable situations, where she oversees the financial management and strategy for deploying
donations.
Ms. D’Amours has been developing her expertise in procurement, planning and management in various companies, (multinationals, large
and SMEs) as well as in entrepreneurship. For more than 10 years, Ms. D’Amours attended the Board of Directors of Alimentation Couche-
Tard, as an observer.
Ms. D’Amours has a bachelor’s degree in management from the Hautes Études Commerciales de Montréal. She has her Institute of
Corporate Directors (ICD.D) certificate and her Certification in Society Governance from the Université Laval.
Ms. D’Amours lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships         None
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships    None
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 364,966
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 2,088
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $26,582,051
                              Ms. D’Amours meets her equity ownership requirements – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                 20

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                                 Janice L. Fields
                                 Corporate Director
                                      •    Age: 69
                                      •    Independent
                                      •    Director since: 2020
                                      •    2024 Voting Results: 99.02% in favour
                                      •    Fiscal 2025 meeting attendance: 100%

Janice Fields has served as President of McDonald’s USA, LLC, a subsidiary of McDonald’s Corporation, a fast food chain operator and
franchiser, from 2010 until her retirement in 2012.
Ms. Fields has broad operational, financial and leadership experience from her long-standing career in the food industry, with particular
expertise related to marketing, strategic planning, risk management, production, and human resources. During her over 35-year career at
McDonald’s, she held numerous roles, from starting as a crew member to holding several executive positions within McDonald’s USA,
including as U.S. Division President for the Central Division from 2003 through 2006 and Executive Vice President and Chief Operating
Officer from 2006 through 2010, when she was named President.
Previously, Ms. Fields served on the boards of Chico’s FAS , where she was also Chair of its Corporate Governance and Nominating
Committee, Welbilt Inc., where she was also a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee,
Monsanto Corporation, Taubman Centers, Inc., and Buffalo Wild Wings. She was also a member of the global board of directors of the
Ronald McDonald House Charities Global Brand from 2012 to 2024.
Ms. Fields has been named to Forbes’ list of the World’s 100 Most Powerful Women and to Fortune’s 50 Most Powerful Women in Business
list.
Ms. Fields lives in Florida, United States and speaks English.
Committee memberships            Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
Other public company boards Chico’s FAS, Inc. (2013 – present) – Chair of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee
and committees
Interlocking Relationships       None
Securities held                    ▪ Shares: Nil
                                   ▪ Deferred Share Units: 15,415
                                   ▪ Value of at risk holding: $1,116,354
                                 Ms. Fields meets her equity ownership requirements – see page 35 for details




                                                                                                                                   21

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                                Eric Fortin
                                President of Kastellō Immobilier Inc.
                                     •    Age: 53
                                     •    Not Independent
                                     •    Director since: 2021
                                     •    2024 Voting Results: 92.51% in favour
                                     •    Fiscal 2025 meeting attendance: 100%

Eric Fortin is the President of Kastellō Immobilier Inc., an investment firm specializing in residential real estate in Québec, a role he has
held since 2018. With over 25 years of extensive business management experience, Mr. Fortin's journey began at Alimentation Couche-
Tard, where he commenced as a store manager from 1995 to 1997. Progressing through the ranks, he then served as Market Manager
from 1997 to 2000, followed by Director of Operations from 2000 to 2007, culminating in his tenure as Director of Merchandising from
2007 to 2008. Throughout his career, he has successfully owned and managed multiple businesses.
In addition to his professional endeavors, Mr. Fortin is deeply committed to philanthropy. He proudly serves as Treasurer for the
Fondation Lise et Richard Fortin, a foundation dedicated to supporting various causes, including aid for the elderly, itinerant individuals,
and services for children who are survivors of sexual assault. Moreover, as a dedicated member of the Board of Directors for La Fondation
de l’Hôpital Charles-Lemoyne, Mr. Fortin has been actively involved in numberous fundraising efforts since 2018, supporting patients,
professionals, and families of the hospital. In this capacity, he also serves as Co-President of La Cave à Vin des Philanthropes, an initiative
within the foundation that focuses on raising funds for youth mental health.
Previously, he dedicated his time and leadership as a Board member and Treasurer at Maison La Source Bleue between 2015 and 2022.
This non-profit organization provides compassionate end-of-life care to adults with cancer or terminal illness.
Mr. Fortin is an alumnus of McGill University, holding a Bachelor of Commerce degree in marketing.
Mr. Fortin lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships           None
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships      None
Securities held                    ▪ Shares: 243,966
                                   ▪ Deferred Share Units: 5,759
                                   ▪ Value of at risk holding: $18,085,085
                                Mr. Fortin meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 35 for details




                                                                                                                                         22

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                               Richard Fortin
                               Co-founder, Corporate Director
                                    •    Age: 76
                                    •    Not Independent
                                    •    Director since: 1988
                                    •    2024 Voting Results: 94.74% in favour
                                    •    Fiscal 2025 meeting attendance: 100%

Richard Fortin is a co-founder and served as Chairman of the Board from 2008 to 2011. He joined the Corporation in 1984 and retired as
Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer in 2008. Before joining Alimentation Couche-Tard, he spent 13 years at several major
financial institutions and was Vice-President of Québec for a Canadian bank wholly owned by Société Générale (France).
Mr. Fortin served on the board of Transcontinental Inc. from 2004 to 2018 and was Lead Director and Chairman of its Audit Committee,
and on National Bank of Canada’s board from 2013 to 2018 as Chairman of the Risk Management Committee and member of its Audit
Committee. Mr. Fortin also served on the board of Rona Inc. from 2009 to 2013, and on the board of National Bank Life Insurance
Company from 2005 to 2018 and was Chairman of its Audit Committee from 2013 to 2018.
Mr. Fortin has a Bachelor of Arts in management with a major in finance from Université Laval in Québec City.

Mr. Fortin lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          Mr. Fortin does not serve on a committee because he is a co-founder of the Corporation
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     None
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 31,490,149
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 65,087
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $2,285,230,191
                               Mr. Fortin meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                   23

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                               Rt. Hon. Stephen J. Harper
                               Chairman and CEO of Harper & Associates Consulting
                                    •    Age: 66
                                    •    Independent
                                    •    Director since: 2024
                                    •    2024Voting Results: 99.87% in favour
                                    •    Fiscal 2025 meeting attendance: 100%

Stephen J. Harper is Chairman and CEO of Harper & Associates Consulting, which acts as a strategic consultant to clients around the world,
providing advice on matters relating to market access, the management of global geopolitical and economic risk, and the maximization of
value in global markets.
Mr. Harper sits on the board of directors of Colliers International Group Inc., a Canada-based diversified professional services and
investment management company, where he also chairs the Governance Committee.
Mr. Harper is a founding partner and Chairman of Vision One Management, a fundamental value-oriented equity fund that applies a
private-equity investment approach to public markets.
Mr. Harper is Chairman of the Alberta Management Investment Corporation (AIMCo). Mr. Harper serves as the Chair of the International
                                                                                           nd
Democracy Union and international Friends of Israel Initiative. Mr. Harper served as the 22 Prime Minister of Canada from 2006 to 2015.
Mr. Harper has received a bachelor’s and master’s degree in economics from the University of Calgary, was awarded an honorary Doctor of
Philosophy from Tel Aviv University in 2014 and received an honorary degree from the Jerusalem College of Technology. In recognition of
his government service, Mr. Harper has been awarded the Ukrainian Order of Liberty, the Woodrow Wilson Award for Public Service, the
B’nai B’rith International Presidential Gold Medallion for Humanitarianism and was named as the World Statesman of the Year in 2012 by
the Appeal of Conscience Foundation.
Mr. Harper lives in Alberta, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          None
Other public company boards Colliers International Group Inc. (2016 – present) – Chair of the Governance Committee
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     None
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 80
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 1,515
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $115,510
                               Mr. Harper has until 2029 to meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                    24

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                                Mélanie Kau
                                Entrepreneur, Corporate Director
                                     •   Age: 63
                                     •   Independent
                                     •   Director since: 2006
                                     •   2024 Voting Results: 69.88% in favour
                                     •   Fiscal 2025 meeting attendance: 100%

Mélanie Kau is a seasoned retailer with more than 30 years’ experience in creating customer connections. As a retailer she led Naturiste, a
67-store chain of natural supplements and vitamins, to renewed profitability. As President of Mobilia, the largest independent furniture
retailer in Eastern Canada, she focused on building the brand and growing the retail network to its current size. Currently she leads K2 Real
Estate, a commercial developer of quality retail sites.
Ms. Kau’s career as a board member spans more than two decades. Currently, in addition to Alimentation Couche-Tard, she serves as a
board member at Gildan Activewear Inc., a leading manufacturer of everyday basic apparel, where she also chairs the Corporate
Governance & Social Responsibility Committee and is a member of the Compensation & Human Resources Committee.
Ms. Kau has received several accolades for her business acumen and entrepreneurship, including Canada’s Top 40 under 40 and the John
Molson School of Business Award of Distinction.
Ms. Kau has a Master of Business Administration from Concordia and a Master of Journalism from Northwestern University.
Ms. Kau lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French, English, German and Italian.
Committee memberships           Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee (chair)
Other public company boards Gildan Activewear Inc. (2024 – present) – Chair of the Corporate Governance & Social Responsibility
and committees              Committee, member of the Compensation & Human Resources Committee
Interlocking Relationships      None
Securities held                   ▪ Shares: Nil
                                  ▪ Deferred Share Units: 172,025
                                  ▪ Value of at risk holding: $12,458,051
                                Ms. Kau meets her equity ownership requirements – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                       25

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                               Marie-Josée Lamothe, GCB.D
                               President, Tandem International
                                    •    Age: 57
                                    •    Independent
                                    •    Director since: 2019
                                    •    2024 Voting Results: 99.70% in favour
                                    •    Fiscal 2025 meeting attendance: 100%

Marie-Josée Lamothe has over 25 years of experience in the competitive digital and consumer products world (Google, L’Oréal, Procter &
Gamble). She is best noted for her expertise in Digital Transformation and Global Branding. Since 2018, she has been the President of
Tandem International and works closely with VCs as an advisory partner to their portfolio of small and medium-sized enterprises. She
serves on the board of Group Dynamite and is a member of the Audit Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee. She also
serves on the Riocan Real Estate Investment Trust where she is a member of the Investment Committee and the Nominating,
Environmental, Social and Governance Committee.
Mrs. Lamothe is also a Professor of Practice at McGill University (Desautels Business Faculty) and administers McGill’s Dobson Center for
Entrepreneurship whose mission is to transform the university’s innovation into viable startups.
From 2014 to 2018, she acted as Managing Director at Google Canada, overseeing the go-to-market practices for 14 industries. She also
held several executive positions at L’Oréal between 2002 and 2014, from International Marketing Director in France to Chief Marketing
Officer and Chief Corporate Communications Officer in Canada.
In recent years, she has been appointed by the Treasury Board of Canada to the Audit Committee for Ministries such as Employment and
Social Development Canada (ESDC) and the Canadian Border Services Agency (CBSA), and nominated by the Commissioner of the
Canadian Revenue Agency (CRA) to its external advisory panel. Ms. Lamothe was also appointed to the 2017 Advisory Council on Economy
and Innovation for the Government of Québec. She was a Member of the Canada 150 Research Chairs Multidisciplinary Review Panel
which aims to award research chair positions to Canadian universities and enhance Canada’s reputation as a global center for science,
research, and innovation excellence.
Ms. Lamothe has recently earned the Triple E Award recognition for her excellence in entrepreneurship and engagement in higher
education. She has been awarded the Desautels Achievement Award by McGill University, which recognizes individuals who serve as role
models for students in their education, career, and philanthropic contributions. She received an Honoree Diploma from the Université de
Montréal for her contribution to the advancement of our society. The Boardlist named her among the Top 10 women in tech in Canada,
and InfoPresse nominated her as a Personality of the Year in Quebec. She was also recognized among Canada’s Top 100 Most Powerful
Women in the Financial Post and Canada’s Marketers of the Year by Strategy magazine. Forbes Magazine and Social Media Magazine (US)
recognized her among Top Marketing Minds To Follow on social media in North America, and Canadian Business Magazine nominated her
among Canada’s 40 Global Leaders.
Ms. Lamothe is a graduate of Mathematics & Economics with honors from the University of Montreal and INSEAD’s L’Oreal’s Executive
Management program, with program certifications from MIT Sloan & MIT CSAIL Artificial Intelligence: AI Implications for Business Strategy
(2020), from Said Business School Oxford University in Cybersecurity for Business Leaders (2021), and NASBA (National Association of State
Boards of Accountancy) in Assessing Cybersecurity Risks (2021). In 2023, she earned a Professional Designation in regulatory standards of
environmental, social, and governance (ESG): GCB.D.
Ms. Lamothe lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          Audit Committee
Other public company boards Group Dynamite (2023 - present) - member of the Audit Committee and Nominating and Governance
and committees              Committee
                            Riocan Real Estate Investment Trust (2022 - present) - member of the Investment Committee and the
                            Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
Interlocking Relationships  None
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 7,560
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 18,992
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $1,922,896
                               Ms. Lamothe meets her equity ownership requirements – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                    26

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                              Monique F. Leroux, C.M., O.Q., FCPA, FICD
                              Corporate Director
                                   •    Age: 70
                                   •    Independent
                                   •    Director since: 2015
                                   •    2024 Voting Results: 99.49% in favour
                                   •    Fiscal 2025 meeting attendance: 100%

Monique Leroux is a corporate director and has extensive business experience. Ms. Leroux is the former Chair of the board and Chief
Executive Officer of Desjardins Group. From 2016 to 2020, Ms. Leroux was the Chair of the board of Investissement Québec. She currently
serves as an independent director on the boards of BCE/Bell and Michelin Group and is a senior advisor at Teneo. In 2020, she was
appointed chair of the Industry Strategy Council of Canada and a member of the G7 Impact Task Force representing Canada.
Before joining Desjardins Group, Ms. Leroux held senior executive roles at RBC (Royal Bank of Canada) and Quebecor. She was also an
audit partner at EY (Ernst & Young). Ms. Leroux is a Companion of the Order of Canada, an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec, a
Chevalier of the Légion d’Honneur (France) and a Companion of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame, the Investment Industry Hall of Fame,
as well as the Canadian Accounting Hall of Fame. She has also received the Woodrow Wilson Award (United States), the Outstanding
Achievement Award from the Québec CPA Order and the Institute of Corporate Directors Fellowship Award.
Ms. Leroux gives her time and support to several not-for-profit organizations. She serves a Chair of the board of the Université de
Sherbrooke and as Vice Chair the Montréal Symphony Orchestra.
She has honorary doctorates from twelve Canadian universities.
Ms. Leroux lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships         Audit Committee
Other public company boards BCE/Bell (2016 - present) – Chair of the Governance Committee and member of the Audit Committee
and committees              Michelin Group (2015 - present) – Chair of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee and member of the
                            Audit Committee
Interlocking Relationships    Ms. Leroux sits on the Board of directors of BCE Inc., alongside Mr. Vachon
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 2,500
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 34,972
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $2,713,722
                              Ms. Leroux meets her equity ownership requirements – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                 27

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                                     Alex Miller
                                     Chief Operating Officer, Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.
                                           •    Age: 53
                                           •    Not Independent
                                           •    Director since: 2024
                                           •    2024 Voting Results: 98.74% in favour
                                           •    Fiscal 2025 meeting attendance: 100%

 Alex Miller was named President and CEO in September 2024, after serving as Chief Operating Officer since January 2023.
 Previously, Mr. Miller held the positions of Executive Vice-President, Operations, North America, and Global Optimization beginning in
 March 2021, Executive Vice President, Commercial Optimization since May 2019, Senior Vice-President, Operations and Global Fuels since
 December 2017, Senior Vice-President, Global Fuels since November 2016, and Vice-President, Fuels since October 2012. Mr. Miller joined
 Couche-Tard as Director of Fuels, Real Estate and Facilities in 2012.
 Prior to joining Couche-Tard, he was with BP Plc. for 16 years in a variety of operational, supply, business development, and strategy roles
 in the US and Europe with increasing levels of responsibility. This included eight years in retail across multiple channels in six different US
 markets across the Southeast, Midwest, and Mid-Atlantic geographies. He spent a further four years in London, working in Strategy &
 Planning at BP Plc’s head office, and a final four years in Chicago working within fuel supply value chain optimization and business
 development.
 Mr. Miller holds a BS in Business Management from Southern Illinois University.
 Mr. Miller lives in South Carolina, United States and speaks English.
 Committee memberships               None
 Other public company boards None
 and committees
 Interlocking Relationships          None
                  (1)
 Securities held                        ▪ Shares: 38,537
                                        ▪ Deferred Share Units: 70,035
                                        ▪ Value of at risk holding: $25,812,443
                                     Mr. Miller meets his executive equity ownership requirement – see page 72 for details.
(1)
  As an executive, Mr. Miller also earns Share Units and stock options – see page 62.




                                                                                                                                          28

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                               Réal Plourde
                               Co-founder, Corporate Director
                                   •    Age: 74
                                   •    Not Independent
                                   •    Director since: 1988
                                   •    2024 Voting Results: 94.69% in favour
                                   •    Fiscal 2025 meeting attendance: 100%

Réal Plourde was Chairman of the Board from 2011 to 2014. He joined the Corporation in 1984 and served in a variety of roles until his
retirement in 2011, including Executive Vice-President, Chief Operating Officer, Vice-President of Development, Sales and Operations, and
Manager of Technical Services. Mr. Plourde began his career working on various engineering projects in Canada and Africa.
Mr. Plourde and his wife, Ariane Riou, are recipients of the Lieutenant Governor’s Seniors Medal (February 2018), for their sustained
community-based volunteer work, especially at the Palliative Care Home in Laval.
Mr. Plourde has a Master of Business Administration from the École des Hautes Études Commerciales in Montréal, an engineering degree
in applied sciences from Université Laval in Québec City and is a member of the Ordre des Ingénieurs du Québec.

Mr. Plourde lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          Mr. Plourde does not serve on a committee because he is a co-founder of the Corporation
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     None
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 21,167,205
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 36,153
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $1,535,547,186
                               Mr. Plourde meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                   29

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                               Louis Têtu
                               Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Coveo Solutions Inc.
                                    •    Age: 61
                                    •    Independent
                                    •    Director since: 2019
                                    •    2024 Voting Results: 98.66% in favour
                                    •    Fiscal 2025 meeting attendance: 100%

Louis Têtu is an award-winning entrepreneur and business executive with 30 years of experience in international technology businesses.
Mr. Têtu is Executive Chairman and the former Chief Executive Officer of Coveo Solutions Inc., (TSX: CVO), a global provider of artificial
intelligence powered business solutions for ecommerce, customer service and workplace applications. Prior to Coveo, Mr. Têtu co-founded
Taleo Corporation, a leading international provider of cloud software for talent and human capital management, listed on NASDAQ in 2005
and subsequently acquired by Oracle for US$1.9 billion in 2012. Mr. Têtu was Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of
directors from the company’s inception in 1999 through 2007. Prior to Taleo, Mr. Têtu was President of Baan SCS, the supply-chain
management solutions group of Baan, a global enterprise software company. This followed Baan’s acquisition of Berclain Group inc., which
he co-founded in 1989 and where he served as President until 1996.
Mr. Têtu serves on the board of CAE, a Canadian public company providing simulation technologies, modeling, and integrated training
services for civil aviation and defense worldwide. He previously served on the board of Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services
inc., and of PetalMD, a leading cloud applications provider in the medical sector. Mr. Têtu is involved in private equity across multiple
business sectors.
In 1997 Mr. Têtu was honoured by Université Laval for his social contributions and business achievements. He has twice received the
Regional Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year award and was a National winner in 2021.
Mr. Têtu is an Engineering graduate from Université Laval in Québec City and a commercially licensed helicopter pilot.
Mr. Têtu lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
Other public company boards Coveo Solutions Inc. (2008 - present) - Executive Chairman
and committees              CAE (2025 - present)
Interlocking Relationships     None
Securities held                   ▪ Shares: 26,114
                                  ▪ Deferred Share Units: 18,701
                                  ▪ Value of at risk holding: $3,245,502
                               Mr. Têtu meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 35 for details




                                                                                                                                      30

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Attributes of our Directors

Meeting attendance
Board and Committee meetings are called and held as described in our by-laws. Directors are expected to attend all meetings. The
following table summarizes the attendance of the Directors and Committee members of the Board for the period from
April 29, 2024 to April 27, 2025:

                                                                                                  Committee meetings

                                                                                                 Human Resources and             Total 2025
                                                    Board meetings                  Audit        Corporate Governance           attendance
                Alain Bouchard                        5 of 5 (100%)                        –                          –                   100%
                Louis Vachon                          5 of 5 (100%)                        –                          –                   100%
                Jean Bernier                          5 of 5 (100%)                        –                          –                   100%
                Karinne Bouchard                      5 of 5 (100%)                        –                          –                   100%
                Eric Boyko                            5 of 5 (100%)         4 of 4 (100%)                             –                   100%
                Marie-Eve D’Amours                    5 of 5 (100%)                        –                          –                   100%
                Janice L. Fields                      5 of 5 (100%)                        –             4 of 4 (100%)                    100%
                Eric Fortin                           5 of 5 (100%)                        –                          –                   100%
                Richard Fortin                        5 of 5 (100%)                        –                          –                   100%
                                     (1)
                Brian Hannasch                        3 of 3 (100%)                        –                          –                   100%
                Stephen J. Harper                     5 of 5 (100%)                                                                       100%
                Mélanie Kau                           5 of 5 (100%)                        –             4 of 4 (100%)                    100%
                Marie-Josée Lamothe                   5 of 5 (100%)         4 of 4 (100%)                             –                   100%
                Monique F. Leroux                     5 of 5 (100%)         4 of 4 (100%)                             –                   100%
                              (2)
                Alex Miller                           2 of 2 (100%)                                                                       100%
                Réal Plourde                          5 of 5 (100%)                        –                          –                   100%
                Louis Têtu                            5 of 5 (100%)                        –             4 of 4 (100%)                    100%
                (1)
                      Brian Hannasch retired from the Board on September 5, 2024.
                (2)
                      Alex Miller joined the Board on September 6, 2024.

Building a balanced Board
We believe that a diverse mix of director profiles is critical to a well-functioning Board, and an important aspect of good corporate
governance. A wide variety of perspectives promotes active discussion and increases the likelihood that proposed solutions are
balanced and comprehensive and in the best interest of the Corporation and its stakeholders.
The graphs below are snapshots of the diversity of this year’s Director Nominees. You will find information about each Director
Nominee in their profiles in the previous section, and more about our corporate governance practices relating to our Board
composition, nomination and assessment starting on page 38.


                          INDEPENDENCE                                      GENDER                                    TENURE
                              independent (9)                                  men (10)                               0 to 5 years (5)
                              not independent (7)                              women (6)                              5 to 10 years (6)
                                                                                                                      10+ years (5)




                                                                      37%                                       31%               31%
                        44%

                                            56%
                                                                                           63%

                                                                                                                          38%




                                                                                                                                                 31

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Independence
The Board includes 56.25% independent directors. To ensure the Board functions independently, we have a Lead Director who
meets with the independent directors in camera at every Board meeting.
Three of the Director Nominees, including the Founder and Executive Chairman, are not independent because they are co-founders
of the Corporation. Mr. Miller is not independent because he is our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), Ms. Karinne Bouchard is not
independent because she is the daughter of Mr. Alain Bouchard, Mr. Eric Fortin is not independent because he is the son of Mr.
Richard Fortin and Ms. Marie-Eve D'Amours is not independent because she is the daughter of Mr. Jacques D'Amours.
The remaining nine Director Nominees are independent, within the meaning of the CSA Audit Committee Rules in that each of them
has no direct or indirect material relationship with the Corporation and, in the reasonable opinion of the Board, are independent
under the applicable laws, regulations and listing requirements to which the Corporation is subject.
The following table sets forth the relationship of the Director Nominees:
                                            Not
 Name                       Independent                     Reason for Non-Independence
                                            Independent
 Alain Bouchard
                                                  ü                                     Mr. Bouchard is one of the co-founders of the Corporation

 Mélanie Kau
                                  ü
 Jean Bernier
                                  ü
 Karinne Bouchard
                                                  ü                                           Ms. Bouchard is the daughter of Mr. Alain Bouchard

 Eric Boyko
                                  ü
 Marie-Eve D’Amours
                                                  ü         Ms. D’Amours is the daughter of Mr. Jacques D'Amours, a co-founder of the Corporation
 Janice L. Fields
                                  ü
 Eric Fortin
                                                  ü                                                      Mr. Fortin is the son of Mr. Richard Fortin

 Richard Fortin
                                                  ü                                         Mr. Fortin is one of the co-founders of the Corporation

 Stephen J. Harper
                                  ü
 Marie-Josée Lamothe
                                  ü
 Monique F. Leroux
                                  ü
 Alex Miller
                                                  ü                                                        Mr. Miller is the CEO of the Corporation

 Réal Plourde
                                                  ü                                       Mr. Plourde is one of the co-founders of the Corporation

 Louis Têtu
                                  ü
 Louis Vachon
                                  ü
Languages spoken by the Board
Fourteen of the sixteen Board Nominees have a professional proficiency in French (87.5%) while all Board Nominees speak
English (100%). In addition, one Board Nominee has a working proficiency in German and Italian.

Other information about the Director Nominees

To the knowledge of the directors of the Corporation and according to information provided to us, other than as disclosed below,
none of the Director Nominees, and regarding item (iii) below, a significant shareholder, are at the date of this Circular or have been,
within the last ten years, a director, chief executive officer or chief financial officer or, regarding item (iii) below, an executive officer
of a company which, while the person was acting in this capacity:
(i)            was the subject of a cease trade or similar order or an order that denied the relevant company access to any exemption
               under securities legislation, for a period of more than 30 consecutive days;
(ii)           was, after the director or executive officer ceased to be a director or executive officer, the subject of a cease trade or
               similar order or an order that denied the relevant company access to any exemption under securities legislation, for a




                                                                                                                                                   32

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
         period of more than 30 consecutive days as a result of an event which occurred while the director or executive officer was
         acting in this capacity; or
(iii)    within a year of that person ceasing to act in that capacity, became bankrupt, made a proposal under any legislation
         relating to bankruptcy or insolvency or was subject to or instituted any proceedings, arrangement or compromise with
         creditors or had a receiver, receiver manager or trustee appointed to hold its assets.

Mr. Richard Fortin and Mr. Eric Fortin were directors of Les Jardins Val-Mont Inc. ("Val-Mont") from 2009 until August 6, 2015. On
July 8, 2016, Val-Mont filed a proposal under the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act (Canada), which was approved by the Superior Court
of Quebec on September 8, 2016.

Mr. Boyko was a director of Bouclair Inc., from December 10, 2014 to June 1, 2020. On November 11, 2019, Bouclair Inc., and
Bouclair International Inc., (“Bouclair”) each filed a notice of intention to make a proposal to its creditors under the Bankruptcy and
Insolvency Act (Canada). On May 11, 2020, Bouclair filed a proposal to their creditors with the Office of the Superintendent of
Bankruptcy of Canada and on May 22, 2020, the Superior Court of Québec rendered an order granting a motion approving a
transaction between Bouclair as vendors, and Alston Investments Inc., as purchaser. On July 17, 2020, the Superior Court of Québec
rendered an order appointing Deloitte Restructuring Inc. Receiver under Section 243 of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act. On
August 12, 2020, the Superior Court of Québec sanctioned the amended proposal of Bouclair.

Ms. Lamothe was a director of Reitmans (Canada) Limited (“Reitmans”) until August 30, 2019 as well as a director of Aldo Group Inc.,
(“Aldo”) until December 31, 2019. In 2020, given the impact of Covid on the retail industry, Reitmans and Aldo sought protection
from their creditors under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (“CCAA”) on May 19, 2020 and May 6, 2020, respectively. On
January 4, 2022 Reitmans obtained a sanction order from the Superior Court of Québec for the distribution of a settlement amount
to Reitmans' creditors.

Ms. Kau was a director of Atis Group Inc. (“Atis”) from October 2017 to February 2021. On February 19, 2021 Atis sought the
protection of the Superior Court of Québec under the CCAA. The Superior Court of Quebec rendered an initial order under the CCAA
on February 24, 2021 authorizing the bankruptcy of Atis. In December 2021, substantially all of Atis' non-monetary assets were sold
and the entity was put into bankruptcy.

Loans to directors and officers
The Corporation can grant loans to its directors, officers and other employees in the regular course of business as long as the loans
comply with legal and regulatory requirements and are on market terms. As at July 9, 2025 there were no loans outstanding.




                                                                                                                                 33

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Director Compensation
The Corporation’s compensation program for directors who are not otherwise employed by the Corporation (the “Non-Executive
Directors”) is designed (i) to attract and retain the most qualified individuals to serve on the Board and its committees, (ii) to align
the interests of the directors with the long-term interests of the Corporation’s shareholders, (iii) to provide appropriate
compensation for the time, commitment and responsibilities related to being an effective director, and (iv) to remain competitive
with director compensation trends and practices.

Our Director Compensation Program

The compensation program of the Corporation for Non-Executive Directors for fiscal 2025 was structured as follows:
     ▪ Annual retainer fee to cover all responsibilities, attendance and work performed by Non-Executive Directors during the year of
       which at least 50% is paid in Deferred Share Units (“DSUs”);
     ▪ Option for Non-Executive Directors to elect to have up to 100% of their compensation paid in DSUs;
     ▪ Non-Executive Directors requirement to hold at least four times their annual retainer in shares or DSUs, and have five years
       from their election to the Board to meet this requirement;
     ▪ The Corporation does not grant stock options to Non-Executive Directors.
 a




EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS DO NOT RECEIVE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
Directors who are employed by the Corporation (the “Executive Directors”) do not receive director compensation or stock
options. As such, Alain Bouchard is compensated in his role as Founder and Executive Chairman and Alex Miller is compensated
for his role as President and Chief Executive Officer.

Oversight and Benchmarking
The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee (the “HRCG Committee”) is mandated by the Board to review the
Non-Executive Directors compensation and to make recommendations to the Board in order to ensure that such compensation is
established in an equitable and competitive manner taking into account the responsibilities and risks associated with the
performance of director duties. In connection with this review, the HRCG Committee regularly retains an outside compensation
consultant to benchmark the Corporation’s Non-Executive Directors’ compensation against the median of compensation from a
peer group of companies in the retail and food manufacturing industries. The companies in the peer group all have North American
operations, annual revenues from US$6 to US$138 billion, a market capitalization from US$8 to US$111 billion, and all are in similar
or related industries – food retail, general merchandising, oil and gas refining and marketing, or restaurants. You can read more
about our peer compensation group and how we benchmark executive compensation starting on page 71.
Based on the results of the benchmarking review, the HRCG Committee then recommends to the Board any adjustments to the
Non-Executive Directors’ compensation that may be necessary or appropriate to achieve the objectives of the Corporation’s director
compensation program.
In fiscal 2025, the Board of Directors approved the increase of the Lead Director retainer by an amount of $10,000. In fiscal 2025,
the Lead Director retainer fee therefore increased from $40,000 to $50,000.

Annual Retainers
The table below shows the annual retainer fees payable to the Corporation’s Non-
Executive Directors in fiscal 2025:
Fiscal 2025                                                               Board Retainer
Director Position                                                               $230,000
Lead Director Position                                                          $280,000
Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee Chair Retainer               $268,000
Audit Committee Chair Retainer                                                  $268,000
Committee Member Retainer                                                       $243,000




                                                                                                                                  34

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Non-Executive Directors minimum equity ownership requirements

The Corporation believes it is important that Non-Executive Directors demonstrate their commitment to the Corporation and its
shareholders through share ownership. To this effect, pursuant to the Corporation’s Shareholding Guidelines, directors are required
to acquire, over a period of five years, ownership of an amount of Shares and/or DSUs which is equivalent in value to four times the
annual Board retainer, and subsequently maintain such minimum ownership position for the duration of his or her tenure as a
director. In fiscal 2025, the total value of a Non-Executive Director's Shares and/or DSUs is at least $920,000. Any remuneration
increase provides the Non-Executive Director an additional four years to meet their ownership requirement.
The following table shows the total number of Shares, as well as DSUs owned by each Non-Executive Director as at April 27, 2025.
The total value held by each Non-Executive Director has been calculated using $72.42, the closing price on the TSX of the Shares on
April 25, 2025, the last trading day of fiscal 2025.
                                                                                                                                     Date by which the
                                                                   Total Value of               Total value of
                                                                                                                 Meets ownership        ownership
                                                                    Shares as at                   DSUs as
                                                       Shares                        DSUs
                                                                                         (1)                      requirement      requirement must be
                                                                   April 27, 2025              at April 27, 2025
                                                                                                                                           met
                              (2)
          Jean Bernier                                   41,126         $3,197,547    16,985        $1,320,584        yes           Requirement is met
          Karinne Bouchard                               24,022         $1,867,711     5,489          $426,770        yes           Requirement is met
                        (3)
          Eric Boyko                                     38,300         $2,977,825    29,780        $2,315,395        yes           Requirement is met
          Marie-Eve D'Amours                            364,966        $28,376,107     2,088          $162,342        yes           Requirement is met
          Janice Fields                                      —                  —     15,415        $1,198,516        yes           Requirement is met
          Eric Fortin                                   243,966        $18,968,357     5,759          $447,762        yes           Requirement is met
                                    (4)
          Richard Fortin                              31,490,149    $2,448,359,085    65,087        $5,060,514        yes           Requirement is met
                                          (5)
          Stephen J. Harper                                  80             $6,220     1,515          $117,791        no               March 2029
          Mélanie Kau                                        —                  —    172,025       $13,374,944        yes           Requirement is met
                                                (6)
          Marie-Josée Lamothe                             7,560           $587,790    18,992        $1,476,628        yes           Requirement is met
          Monique F. Leroux                               2,500           $194,375    34,972        $2,719,073        yes           Requirement is met
                              (7)
          Réal Plourde                                21,167,205    $1,645,750,189    36,153        $2,810,896        yes           Requirement is met
                        (8)
          Louis Têtu                                     26,114         $2,030,364    18,701        $1,454,003        yes           Requirement is met
          Louis Vachon                                   10,000           $777,500    12,551          $975,840        yes           Requirement is met
          (1)
              Includes dividend equivalents earned on DSUs.
          (2)
              Mr. Bernier holds 31,126 of his Shares through his holding company.
          (3)
              Mr. Boyko holds all of his Shares through his holding company.
          (4)
              Mr. Fortin holds 370,600 Shares through his foundation and holds 23,692,077 Shares through his holding company.
          (5)
              Mr. Harper has until March 2029 to meet his equity ownership requirement.
          (6)
              Ms. Lamothe holds 2,048 of her Shares through her holding company.
          (7)
              Mr. Plourde holds 290,000 Shares through his foundation and holds 9,208,476 Shares through his holding company.
          (8)
              Mr. Têtu holds 22,514 of his Shares through his holding company.

Directors may not purchase financial instruments to hedge or offset a decrease in the market value of Shares held for the purpose
of the Director Share Ownership Requirement. As Executive Chairman, Alain Bouchard and as the President and CEO, Alex Miller are
required to comply with the Executive Share Ownership Requirement (see section entitled Executive Share Ownership Requirement on
page 72 for additional details).

Deferred Share Unit Plan

The Corporation has adopted a DSU plan (the “DSUP”) which enables Non-Executive Directors, among others, to align their
economic interests with those of the Corporation’s shareholders and to assist them in meeting the requirements set forth in the
Corporation’s Shareholding Guidelines.
Unless otherwise determined, DSUs vest immediately upon being granted. However, no Director who is a holder of DSUs has any
right to receive any payment under the DSUP until he or she ceases to be an Eligible Director (and is not at that time an employee of
the Corporation) including by death, disability, retirement or resignation. Eligible Directors receive at least 50% of their
compensation in DSUs, the exact number of which is calculated using the Market Value of the Shares at the time of the grant. DSUs
can only be redeemed for cash and the dollar amount is calculated using the market value of the Shares on the payout date.
Detailed information on the DSU Plan is included in Appendix C of this Circular.




                                                                                                                                                         35

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Non-Executive Directors’ compensation table

The following table lists all compensation earned during fiscal 2025 by the Non-Executive Directors, as at April 27, 2025. We
calculated the number of DSUs awarded as payment of the Board retainer by dividing the dollar amount of the award by the
weighted average trading price of our Shares on the TSX over the five trading days immediately before the payment date.

                                                                                   All other        Total               How it was
                                                                                 compensation    compensation            allocated
                                          Lead                    Committee
                                       Director          Chair      Member                                              Cash         DSU
Jean Bernier             $230,000            —               —        $13,000                —            $243,000         —     $243,000
Karinne Bouchard         $230,000            —               —             —                 —            $230,000   $115,000    $115,000
Eric Boyko               $230,000            —          $25,000       $13,000                —            $268,000         —     $268,000
Marie-Eve D'Amours       $230,000            —               —             —                 —            $230,000   $115,000    $115,000
Janice Fields            $230,000            —               —        $13,000                —            $243,000         —     $243,000
Stephen J. Harper        $230,000            —               —             —                 —            $230,000   $115,000    $115,000
Eric Fortin              $230,000            —               —             —                 —         $230,000      $115,000    $115,000
Richard Fortin           $230,000            —               —             —                 —         $230,000            —     $230,000
Mélanie Kau              $230,000            —          $25,000       $13,000                —         $268,000            —     $268,000
Marie-Josée Lamothe      $230,000            —               —        $13,000                —         $243,000            —     $243,000
Monique F. Leroux        $230,000            —               —        $13,000                —         $243,000            —     $243,000
Réal Plourde             $230,000            —               —             —                 —         $230,000            —     $230,000
Louis Têtu               $230,000            —               —        $13,000                —         $243,000            —     $243,000
Louis Vachon             $230,000       $50,000              —             —                 —         $280,000            —     $280,000
Total                                                                                                 $3,411,000

Incentive plan awards – value vested or earned during fiscal 2025

The table below shows the aggregate dollar value that would have been realized if the DSUs issued in fiscal 2025 had been cashed
on the grant date.

                                                                                   Non-equity incentive
                               Option-based awards      Share-based awards –
                                                                                   plan compensation –
                               – value vested during      value vested during
                                                                                    value earned during
                                      the fiscal year          the fiscal year
                                                                                               the year
Jean Bernier                                      —                  $243,000                        —
Karinne Bouchard                                  —                  $115,000                        —
Eric Boyko                                        —                  $268,000                        —
Marie-Eve D’Amours                                —                  $115,000                        —
Janice Fields                                     —                  $243,000                        —
Stephen J. Harper                                 —                  $115,000                        —
Eric Fortin                                       —                  $115,000                        —
Richard Fortin                                    —                  $230,000                        —
Mélanie Kau                                       —                  $268,000                        —
Marie-Josée Lamothe                               —                  $243,000                        —
Monique F. Leroux                                 —                  $243,000                        —
Réal Plourde                                      —                  $230,000                        —
Louis Têtu                                        —                  $243,000                        —
Louis Vachon                                      —                  $280,000                        —


Upcoming changes to Non-Executive Director compensation in fiscal 2026

In fiscal 2025, the Board of Directors approved an increase of the Lead Director retainer by an amount of $10,000, therefore
increasing the Lead Director retainer from $40,000 to $50,000. Pursuant to the shareholding guidelines for Directors, the
requirement is to gain four times their annual retainer within five years from the date of appointment, and any increase would be
subject to the same requirement from the effective date of the increase.

There are currently no planned changes to the Non-Executive Directors compensation for fiscal 2026.




                                                                                                                                       36

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Our Corporate Governance Practices
The Board considers strong and transparent corporate governance practices to be
important factors in the overall success of our Corporation and we are committed to adopting
and adhering to the highest standards of corporate governance. We strive for continuous
improvement in our corporate governance practices to ensure effective oversight of                       A copy of the corporate
management and our affairs, and to make sure our governance framework not only meets                   Governance Guidelines and
regulatory requirements but also reflects evolving best practices. We comply with the guidelines        other governance related
adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators and with the standards of other regulatory            documents is available at
bodies. The Corporation has adopted certain policies and procedures to ensure that effective              https://corpo.couche-
corporate governance practices are followed. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and                   tard.com/en/our-company/
Delegation of Authority Policy provide a framework of authority and accountability to enable the         leadership-governance/
Board and management to make timely and effective decisions that promote shareholder value                    governance/
while complying with applicable laws and the Corporation’s commitment to ethical conduct,
integrity and transparency. The Board periodically reviews our governance practices for
opportunities to update them.

Composition of our Board
Our Board of Directors oversees the management of the Corporation with a view to increasing
shareholder value over time all the while maintaining other stakeholders’ interests. The Board
makes major policy decisions and reviews the performance and effectiveness of the
management team, which is responsible for our day-to-day operations.
                                                                                                         BOARD COMMITTEES
Board Size                                                                                             The Audit Committee and
Although the maximum number of directors permitted by the Corporation’s articles is 20, the              Human Resources and
Board has the ability to increase or decrease its size within the limits defined by the articles of      Corporate Governance
the Corporation and in accordance with applicable laws. The Board believes that a size of eight        Committee carry out many
(8) to twenty (20) directors is appropriate and allows for the efficient functioning of the Board      of these responsibilities on
as a decision-making body.                                                                                 behalf of the Board.
The HRCG Committee annually assesses the size and overall composition of the Board by                    You can learn more about
considering factors such as competencies, skills, qualities, diversity and gender balance and          the committees and read the
other attributes the Board believes it needs to possess, as a whole, to fulfill its responsibilities      2025 committee reports
and identifies new director candidates for the Board. Its goal is to build a diverse group of               starting on page 43.
directors who collectively have the relevant skills, experience and qualities necessary to
support our strategic direction, meet the challenges the Corporation faces and serve the long-
term interests of the Corporation and its shareholders.
We recognize the importance of maintaining an effective balance of director expertise and
independence. We have benefited greatly from the experience of the more senior members of
the Board over time, but have also refreshed the Board, by adding several new independent
directors over the last years. You can read about all the Director Nominees beginning on
page 15.
Board and Committee Organization
Two standing committees help the Board carry out its responsibilities: the Audit Committee and the HRCG Committee. Both
committees are made up entirely of independent directors.
The Board and Committee meetings are generally organized as follows:
    ▪   Five regularly scheduled Board meetings each year, including a meeting to consider and approve the Corporation’s budget,
        strategy and approach to compensation;
    ▪   Four regularly scheduled Audit Committee meetings per year and four regularly scheduled HRCG Committee meetings per
        year;
    ▪   Special Board or Committee meetings are held when deemed necessary;
    ▪   Members of management and certain other key employees are regularly called upon to give presentations at the Board
        and Committee meetings; and
    ▪   One annual continuous education session conducted jointly with the Executive Leadership Team.

                                                                                                                               37

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
To ensure the Board operates independently of management, it has a Lead Director who has been recommended by the HRCG
Committee and approved by the Board. The Lead Director is responsible for, among other things, providing leadership to the
independent directors and making sure directors and management understand the responsibilities of the Board, and that they
clearly understand and observe the boundaries between the responsibilities of each. The independent members of the Board meet
with the Lead Director – without management or the non-independent directors – after every quarterly and annual Board meeting
and every committee meeting.
Position Descriptions                                                                                  POSITION DESCRIPTIONS
The Board has developed written position descriptions for the Executive Chairman of the                 The Board has developed
Board, for the Lead Director, for the Committee chairs and for the CEO to complement the               position descriptions for the
Board’s charter. The complete text of the position descriptions can be found on the                       Founder and Executive
Corporation’s website at:                                                                              Chairman, the Lead Director,
                                                                                                         the chairs of each Board
https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/our-company/leadership-governance/governance/
                                                                                                           Committee, and the
These descriptions are reviewed annually by the HRCG Committee and are updated as
                                                                                                           President and Chief
required.
                                                                                                       Executive Officer. These are
Conflict of Interest                                                                                     available on our website
                                                                                                        (corpo.couche-tard.com).
In accordance with applicable law, each director is required to disclose to the Board any
potential conflict of interest he or she may have in a matter before the Board or a committee
thereof at the beginning of the Board or committee meeting. A director who is in a potential
conflict of interest must not attend any part of the meeting during which the matter is
discussed or participate in a vote on such matter.
Board Interlocks
To maintain director independence and to avoid potential conflicts of interest, the Board reviews the number of board interlocks
among its directors regularly. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, no more than two directors may serve together on the
board of another public company, and directors may not serve together on the boards of more than two other public companies.
As at July 9, 2025, two of the Board’s Directors Nominees, Ms. Bouchard and Mr. Boyko, sit together on the board of Stingray
Group Inc., where Ms. Bouchard is also Chair of the Audit Committee; and two of the Board's Directors Nominees, Ms. Leroux and
Mr. Vachon, sit together on the board of BCE Inc., where Mr. Vachon is also a member of the Compensation Committee and the
Risk and Pension Fund Committee and Ms. Leroux is Chair of the Governance Committee and a member of the Audit Committee.
Other Directorships
The Corporation values the experience and perspective that directors bring from their service on other boards, but also recognizes
that other board memberships and activities may also limit a director’s time and availability and may present conflicts of interest
or legal issues, including independence issues. As a general rule, directors should limit their service as directors on publicly-held
company and investment company boards to no more than five (including the Corporation’s Board). Service on the boards of
subsidiary companies with no publicly traded stock is not included in this calculation. Without specific approval from the Board,
the Corporation's CEO may serve on no more than two public company boards (including the Corporation's Board). Furthermore,
no director shall serve as a director, officer or employee of the Corporation’s competitor. A director wishing to join any other board
of directors, whether a private or public corporation, must first request permission of the Chairman of the Board so that the
appropriate review can be undertaken to ensure that there is no potential conflict or any other legal or business concerns.




                                                                                                                                38

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Director nomination process
The HRCG Committee is responsible for developing, reviewing, and monitoring criteria, as well
as establishing procedures for evaluating and recommending potential directors to the Board
                                                                                                      DIRECTOR NOMINATION
for approval. Its goal is to build a diverse group of directors who collectively have the relevant
skills, experience and qualities necessary to support the Corporation’s strategic direction, meet       1. IDENTIFY GAPS ON
the challenges the Corporation faces and serve the long-term interests of our shareholders.                  THE BOARD
In support of this goal, the HRCG Committee will, when identifying candidates to nominate for
election to the Board:                                                                                                +
          (a) consider individuals who are highly qualified, based on their talents, experience,          2. MEET WITH
              functional expertise and personal skills, character and qualities having regards        POTENTIAL CANDIDATES
              to the Corporation’s current and future plans and objectives, as well as
              anticipated regulatory and market developments;                                                         +
          (b) consider a variation of skills, experience and backgrounds of its members
              (including those with differences in age, disability, gender, sexual orientation,
              marital or Civil partnership status, race (including ethnic origin, nationality or
                                                                                                          3. RECOMMEND
              color), religious, political or other beliefs, regional and geographic background);
                                                                                                         NOMINEES TO THE
          (c)   consider the level of representation of women on the Board and in executive                    BOARD
                officer positions along with markers of diversity when making recommendations
                for nominees to the Board or for appointment as executive officers and in
                general with regard to succession planning for the Board and executive officers;
                and                                                                                                   +
          (d) as required, engage qualified independent external advisors to assist the Board             4. NOMINATE FOR
              in conducting its search for candidates that meet the Board’s criteria regarding               APPROVAL BY
              skills, gender balance, experience and diversity.                                            SHAREHOLDERS

To assist in this process, the HRCG Committee shall be mandated to consider as part of its policies and procedures:
          (a) the periodic evaluation and assessment of individual directors as well as Board committees and the Board as a whole
              to identify strengths and areas for improvement;
          (b) in consultation with the Board, the development and maintenance of a skills matrix that identifies the skills and
              expertise required for the Board along with potential areas for growth and improvement; and
          (c)   measures designed to ensure that the nominee recruitment and identification process are appropriate in terms of
                depth and scope to foster identification and progression of diverse candidates.
Please see page 15 for information about this year’s Director Nominees.
The Board is satisfied that this year’s group of Director Nominees meets our requirements for a healthy board culture that
promotes diverse perspectives and good governance.

Skills matrix
The HRCG Committee uses a skills matrix to help assess the overall skills of the Board and identify gaps. The skills matrix outlines
the desired qualifications, attributes, skill and experience that are important to and necessary for the proper functioning of the
Board and are reviewed annually. These areas of expertise are intended to complement the general qualifications and attributes
that are sought in all Board members, such as high ethics and integrity, senior executive leadership, strategic acumen, sound
business judgment, as well as willingness to devote the required amount of time to carry out the duties and responsibilities of
Board service. The skills matrix was last reviewed by the HRCG and approved by the Board in March 2025.




                                                                                                                              39

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
The following table outlines the skills of our Director Nominees:




                                                                                           Karinne Bouchard   Marie-Eve D’Amours                                                      Stephen J. Harper                 Marie-Josée Lamothe   Monique F. Leroux
                                              Alain Bouchard   Jean Bernier   Eric Boyko                                           Janice L. Fields                  Richard Fortin                       Mélanie Kau                                             Alex Miller   Réal Plourde   Louis Têtu   Louis Vachon
                                                                                                                                                      Eric Fortin
CHARACTERISTICS
Independence                                                    ü              ü                                                    ü                                                   ü                  ü              ü                     ü                                               ü            ü
Diversity                                                                                   ü                   ü                   ü                                                                      ü              ü                     ü
SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
Entrepreneurship                               ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                                      ü              ü                 ü                  ü              ü                     ü                  ü                   ü        ü            ü
Financial literacy                             ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                 ü                  ü              ü                     ü                  ü                   ü        ü            ü
Corporate governance                           ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                 ü                  ü              ü                     ü                  ü                   ü        ü            ü
Compensation, labour relations, human
resources                                      ü                ü              ü                                ü                   ü                  ü              ü                 ü                  ü              ü                     ü                  ü                   ü        ü            ü
Senior executive leadership                    ü                ü              ü                                                    ü                  ü              ü                 ü                                 ü                     ü                  ü                   ü        ü            ü
Environmental, Social and Governance           ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                 ü                  ü              ü                     ü                  ü                   ü        ü            ü
Marketing, communications                      ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                                    ü              ü                     ü                  ü                   ü        ü            ü
Digital economy                                ü                ü              ü                                ü                   ü                  ü              ü                                                   ü                     ü                  ü                   ü        ü            ü
Oil, Gas and Energy sector experience          ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                                      ü              ü                 ü                                                       ü                  ü                   ü                     ü
Information technology                         ü                ü              ü                                ü                                      ü              ü                 ü                                 ü                     ü                  ü                   ü        ü            ü
Risk Management/Compliance                     ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                                    ü              ü                     ü                  ü                   ü        ü            ü
International retail and consumer products     ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                                                   ü                     ü                  ü                   ü        ü            ü
Retail Industry knowledge                      ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                                    ü              ü                     ü                  ü                   ü        ü            ü
Real estate                                    ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                                    ü              ü                     ü                  ü                   ü                     ü
Food retail                                    ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                                                                         ü                  ü                   ü
Supply chain                                   ü                ü              ü                                ü                   ü                  ü              ü                                                                         ü                  ü                   ü        ü

SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE                                                                                                                                               DEFINITION
                                             Experience in developing new business opportunities, products, services, and processes within an existing
Entrepreneurship
                                             organization to create great value and generate growth.
                                             Experience and understanding of financial accounting and reporting, corporate finance, auditing and
Financial literacy
                                             internal controls.
                                             Experience and understanding the best practices and principles relating to corporate governance of a
Corporate governance
                                             public corporation and major organization.
                                             Experience and understanding the best practices and principles relating with compensation plans,
Compensation, labour relations, human
                                             leadership development, talent management, succession planning, human resources and human capital
resources
                                             management..
Senior executive leadership                  Experience as a CEO or any senior officer position of a public corporation or major organization.
                                             Experience with the policies, practices or management risk associated with environment, social and
Environmental, Social and Governance
                                             governance matters which are relevant to the organization.
Marketing, communications                    Experience in communications or marketing industry.
Digital economy                              Experience with e-commerce quick commerce, digital retailing, AI applications and social media.
                                             Experience in the oil, gas and energy industry to understand the commercial aspects of the business,
Oil, Gas and Energy sector experience
                                             market, operational challenges and other strategies.
                                             Experience and understanding of technology, digital platforms, new media, data security, IT security and
Information technology
                                             IT infrastructure.
Risk Management/Compliance                   Experience and skills in assessing and managing key enterprise risk exposures and compliance programs.
                                             Experience in the operations of retail and consumer products in multiple countries with an understanding
International retail and consumer products
                                             of the challenges and opportunities within the organization in those countries.
                                             Experience and understanding of multi-site retail, specifically the management of multiple retail or
Retail Industry knowledge
                                             distribution stores or sites.

                                             Experience in real estate, residential or commercial as well as real estate acquisitions and dispositions
Real estate
                                             and property management of real estate properties.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           40

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE                                                               DEFINITION
                                       Experience in food retail combined with the knowledge of the industry, markets, operational issues, and
Food retail
                                       regulatory concerns.

                                       Experience in supply chain combined with the knowledge of the industry, markets, operational issues,
Supply chain
                                       regulatory concerns as well as supply chain management.

Canadian Disclosure Requirements
In accordance with Canadian securities legislation, TSX-listed companies are required to disclose certain information in their
management information circulars relating to their gender diversity policies and practices. The Corporation recognizes and
embraces the benefits of having a balanced Board and executive team and sees this as a competitive advantage. Furthermore, the
Corporation recognizes that balance and diversity is essential to the Corporation being able to better understand and serve its very
diverse customer base. The Corporation is an equal opportunity company and supports the spirit and intent of applicable human
rights and anti-discrimination laws as further detailed in the Corporation’s Ethics Code of Conduct (the "Ethics Code"). Towards this
end, the Corporation has adopted a Policy Regarding Diversity on the Board of Directors and in Executive Officer Positions (the “Diversity
Policy”) which sets out the guidelines by which the Corporation undertakes to promote diversity for members of the Board of the
Corporation and its Executive Leadership Team. While all director appointments are based on merit, the Board expects that when
selecting candidates, a wide range of criteria are considered, to ensure that the Board, as a whole, reflects a range of viewpoints,
backgrounds, educational levels, skills, work experience and expertise. The Corporation aspires to maintain a highly qualified Board
in which women represent 30% of its members - and we are proud to say that we are already meeting such target.

To this end, the Corporation is committed to promote the balance and diversity of the Board by:
    ▪     using recruitment protocols that recognize the importance of diversity, beyond the mere notion of gender and that diverse
          candidates can be found in a broad array of organizations outside of the traditional candidate pool of corporate directors
          and officers;
    ▪     using to their fullest potential the current network of organizations that can help identify diverse candidates; and
    ▪     periodically reviewing board recruitment and selection protocols to make sure that diversity in its broadest sense remains
          a component of every search.

Orientation and continuing education
                                                                                                                            CONTINUING
The HRCG Committee is responsible for orientation and ongoing education of directors.
                                                                                                                             EDUCATION
Orientation
All new directors are given a director’s guide that contains information about the Corporation
                                                                                                                       REGULAR NEWSFEED
and our industry, Board and Committee mandates, the Ethics Code and other corporate
policies. The objective of our orientation process is that new Directors grasp the Corporation’s
areas of focus in order to start contributing to Board effectiveness as quickly as possible.
Directors attend orientation presentations by key executives, who provide in-depth                                                  +
information about the industry, our Corporation and our business operations, our strategy,
risks, culture and key issues. They also meet with our Executive Chairman or one of the other                               ONGOING
founders to better understand the Corporation’s business model and culture. New directors                                 PRESENTATIONS
are also given an overview of the role and functioning of the Board and its Committees and
what is expected of them in their role as director. Finally, new Directors are also provided with
the opportunity to participate in a site tour.                                                                                      +
Continuing education
The continuing education program for Directors is structured to broaden their knowledge of                              ANNUAL STRATEGIC
the Corporation and the industry and keep them up to date on company initiatives. These                                    MEETING
initiatives include the following:
Newsfeeds: Directors receive newsfeeds on a regular basis from the executive group that keeps
them current and gives them a window into our extensive network of stores.                                                          +




                                                                                                                                                 41

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Ongoing presentations: Directors attend regular presentations on the main areas of the
Corporation’s business, financial matters, operations and overall industry. These presentations
include highlighting market conditions and trends that may impact the Corporation’s business                                   COMMITTEE SPECIFIC
and influence its growth strategy and worldwide outlook, key risks and opportunities. These                                      PRESENTATIONS
presentations are generally held during Board meetings and give directors an opportunity to
talk to executives and senior management.
Annual strategic meeting: Directors also attend an annual strategic planning meeting, where
they have the opportunity to review and discuss with senior management the Corporation’s
                                                                                                                                             +
long-term strategic plan.                                                                                                       ANNUAL IN-DEPTH
                                                                                                                                   TRAINING
Committee specific presentations: at the committee level, continuing education topics are added
to committee agendas from time to time throughout the year. For example, invited outside
advisors or internal specialists to provide regular updates on developments in corporate
                                                                                                                                             +
governance, tax legislation or executive compensation practices.
Annual in-depth session: Once a year, directors attend an in-depth session designed to increase their
knowledge of the industry and our business activities globally. Consultants are often invited to
present, and sessions can include tours of international operations and discussions of future                                 OTHER SEMINARS AND
business trends and issues.                                                                                                       PROGRAMS
Other seminars and programs: Directors are encouraged to attend seminars and educational
programs offered by other organizations, to suggest ideas for future programs and to share best
practices they have observed at other boards.

Finally, Board members have full access to the Corporation’s executives and senior management, and the Board encourages
management to address the Board in those instances where a manager’s expertise and assistance can enhance the Board’s
understanding of a particular issue under its consideration.

In fiscal 2025, members of the Board participated in the following presentations and events:
Topic                                               Date                    Presenters                                                           Attendees
Presentation on enterprise risk management                 April 30, 2024              Marisa Iafigliola, Global Director, Internal Audit and    All Directors
                                                                                                                           Risk Management
Presentation on fiscal 2025 strategy                       April 30, 2024                                  Various Couche-Tard Executives        All Directors
Presentation on IT strategy and digital update             April 30, 2024       Ed Dzadovsky, Executive Vice President, Chief Technology         All Directors
                                                                                                                                  Officer
Presentation on key summer traffic initiatives             June 25, 2024         Louise Warner, Executive Vice President, North American         All Directors
                                                                                Operations and Global Commercial Optimization and Trey
                                                                                      Powell, Senior Vice President, Global Merchandising
Presentation on sustainability and regulatory              June 25, 2024         Ina Strand, Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer      All Directors
reporting requirements
Presentation on IT cyber security and risk           September 4, 2024 Brian Hannasch, Former President and CEO and Ed Dzadovsky,                All Directors
                                                                                   Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer
Presentation on food and thirst                      September 4, 2024            Mette Uglebjerg, Senior Vice President, Global Food and        All Directors
                                                                                 Marketing and Trey Powell , Senior Vice President, Global
                                                                                                                           Merchandising
Presentation on investor relations                  November 25, 2024       Filipe Da Silva, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer   All Directors
Board ongoing education program training            November 25, 2024                                      Various Couche-Tard Executives        All Directors
Presentation on fiscal 2025 strategy                November 25, 2024                                      Various Couche-Tard Executives        All Directors
Presentation on fiscal 2025 strategy                    March 18, 2025                                     Various Couche-Tard Executives        All Directors
Presentation on adjacent business retail strategy       March 18, 2025      Filipe Da Silva, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer   All Directors
                                                                                     and Niall Anderton Senior Vice President Strategy and
                                                                                                                             Transformation
Presentation on Corporate Governance Trends             March 18, 2025           Melanie Charbonneau, Chief Legal Affairs and Corporate              HRCG
                                                                                                                               Secretary          Committee
Presentation on cybersecurity incident management       March 18, 2025          Ed Dzadovsky, Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Audit Committee
governance                                                                                                                        Officer


Retirement and term limits
There is no retirement age, and there are no term limits for serving as a director of the Corporation. On an ongoing basis, a balance
must be struck between ensuring that there are fresh ideas and viewpoints available to the Board while not losing the insight,
experience and other benefits of continuity contributed by longer serving Directors. The Board continues to believe that the annual
assessment process is an efficient and transparent way to evaluate directors and determine improvements to Board composition.

                                                                                                                                                       42

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
The annual director assessment provides strong motivation for directors to make sure they are adding value and making a
significant contribution to the Board and the Corporation. The Board has demonstrated the effectiveness of its approach as a
mechanism for Board renewal as the composition of Board has most recently changed at the annual meeting of Shareholders held
in 2021, 2023 and 2024.

Primary employment status change                                                                       ANNUAL ASSESSMENTS
A director who makes a major change in his or her principal occupation shall inform the Board
for consideration if such director shall submit his or her resignation. It is not intended that the
                                                                                                       BOARD RESPONSIBILITY
directors who retire or whose professional positions change should necessarily leave the
Board; rather, the Board believes it is appropriate in such circumstances to conduct a review,
with the assistance of the HRCG Committee, of the continued appropriateness of Board
membership under such circumstances.                                                                               +
Board, committee and director assessments
The Board has a formal assessment process for determining how well the Board, Board
                                                                                                         BOARD OPERATIONS
committees and individual directors are functioning. The process is completed yearly,
alternating between a written questionnaire and one-on-one interviews with each director.
The questionnaire goes out to all members of the Board and is completed anonymously. It
includes four categories of questions:
                                                                                                                   +
  ▪ Board responsibility – do directors have the tools and the time necessary to gain a good
     understanding of the Corporation and its strategy, operations and risks?
  ▪ Board operations – does the Board have the right mix of directors, and are meetings                BOARD EFFECTIVENESS
     effective, mandates clear and reporting sufficient?
  ▪ Board effectiveness – do the directors communicate effectively with management and
     with each other?                                                                                              +
  ▪ committee assessment – are the committees appropriate, the directors who sit on them
     effective and the work they produce sufficient?
                                                                                                             COMMITTEE
The questionnaire also includes open-ended questions about areas the Board should be
                                                                                                             ASSESSMENT
focusing on, and where things should be improved. The Lead Director meets personally with a
Board member if there is a performance issue.
In alternate years, the Lead Director meets with each individual Board member in a one-on-one meeting and goes through the
questions personally. This approach gives rich feedback, which the Lead Director brings back to the HRCG Committee, and will bring
to the full Board if there are things that need to be addressed.

Role and duties of our Board and its Committees

The role of the Board of Directors
The Board’s mandate, which was reviewed and adopted on June 29, 2020 and last amended on April 30, 2024, sets out its
responsibilities in the following categories:
  ▪ strategy and budget;
  ▪ environmental, social and governance;
  ▪ talent and human resource management and compensation;
  ▪ risk management including cyber security risk, capital management and internal controls;
  ▪ communications; and
  ▪ financial reporting, auditors and transactions;
You will find the full text of the mandate in Appendix B.

1. Strategy and Budget
The Board is responsible for approving the Corporation’s strategic plan and priorities, as well as the Corporation’s annual operating
and capital budgets.
The President and CEO, working with the Executive Leadership Team, develops the Corporation’s strategy and corporate objectives
every year, and presents them to the Board at an annual budget and strategic planning session. The Board reviews the plans with
management, makes adjustments considering opportunities and risks and our financial strategy, and approves the annual business



                                                                                                                               43

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
plan and our strategic plan and priorities. The Board also evaluates our operating and financial performance against the strategic
plan and budgets.
2. Governance and nomination of the Board
The Board is responsible for overall governance of the Corporation. This includes developing the Corporation’s approach to, and
disclosure of, corporate governance practices and procedures, as well as the development of a set of corporate governance
guidelines and principles specifically applicable to the Corporation. The HRCG Committee approves and recommends the
nomination of directors to the Board, while ensuring a majority of directors have no direct or indirect material relationship with the
Corporation and appropriate qualifications and criteria for the selection of Board members. The HRCG ensures independent and
effective functioning of the Board and individual directors, and defining the roles of the Lead Director, the Chairman of the Board
and the committee chairs. The Board approves the disclosure of material information, and promotes communication with our
shareholders, the media and the general public.
3. Oversight of Sustainability and ESG
With respect to Corporation's goals, strategies and commitments related to sustainability and ESG, the Board through the HRCG
Committee, oversees the Corporation’s commitment to sustainability and ESG, including the oversight of monitoring climate risks
and opportunities, human rights and human capital management and social impact, and inclusive culture. Through the HRCG
Committee, the Board monitors the Corporation's management of its environmental impact, including the longer-term
development of sustainable business practices and ESG priorities with management to ensure tangible metrics are put in place to
reward management for executing on its ESG and sustainability program and strategy. The Board further oversees the development
of ESG priorities with management through the review of the Corporation’s health, safety and well-being policies and practices; the
Corporation’s inclusive culture policies and initiatives; and the Corporation’s sustainability policies and practices. The Board also
oversees the Corporation’s strategy and reporting of environmental and social matters.
4. Talent and Human Resource Management and Compensation
The Board is responsible for making sure the Corporation is effectively managed. This includes appointing the President and CEO
and Executive Leadership Team, evaluating their performance and approving their compensation. The Board, directly and through
its HRCG Committee, is responsible for overseeing the existence of appropriate mechanisms regarding succession planning for the
President, CEO and the senior management positions. It also includes making sure that a culture of integrity and inclusive culture is
built into every level of the organization – from the directors on our Board to the people working at our retail locations around the
world.
5. Risk Management, Capital Management and Internal Controls
The Board is responsible for identifying and assessing periodically the principal risks of the Corporation’s business, including cyber
security, and ensuring the implementation of appropriate systems to manage these risks. The Board is also responsible for,
ensuring the integrity of our internal controls and financial reporting systems, and overseeing how financial and other material
information is communicated to analysts and the public.
6. Communications
In conjunction with management, the Board is responsible for meeting with the Corporation’s shareholders at the annual meeting
and being available to respond to questions at that time. The Board also monitors investor relations programs and communications
with analysts, the media and the public; as well as reviews, approves and oversees the implementation of the Corporation’s
disclosure policy.
7. Financial Reporting, Auditors and Transactions
The Board is responsible for reviewing and approving, as required, the Corporation’s financial statements and related financial
information, appointing (including terms and review of engagement), subject to approval of shareholders, and removing the
Corporation's auditor, as well as reviewing and approving mergers and acquisition opportunities and financings.

Strategic planning and risk oversight
Two key matters for the Board are strategy and risk. In this regard, the Board oversees the planning, progress against, and
achievement of the Corporation’s strategic objectives, with time set aside at each quarterly meeting to discuss and monitor
progress. Each year, the Board holds a special meeting to review and discuss with management the Corporation’s annual and long-
term strategic plans. These discussions include reviewing and analyzing the main risks facing the business, overall industry trends
and developments, and important strategic opportunities.
In terms of risk, the Board is responsible for overseeing the material risks of our business, and for ensuring that management has
effective risk management processes and mitigation strategies in place.


                                                                                                                                44

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Management and the Board identify and prioritize risks in four categories using a systematic risk assessment process that considers
probability, impact and mitigation:
       •      strategic
       •      financial
       •      operational
       •      compliance
The top risks are identified and mitigating actions are developed for each. Main risks identified during fiscal 2025 fall into the
following areas: changes in customer behaviour, Information technology systems, legislative and regulatory requirements,
recruitment and retention of employees and economic conditions.
Our internal auditor presents the results of the assessment to the Audit Committee and the Board for review and approval once a
year and presents a quarterly update for discussion. The results guide management and the Board in the strategic planning and
budgeting process. The management team takes ownership of the risks specific to their area and are responsible for developing
and implementing the controls to manage and re-assess risk. Each major risk is also assessed at different times in the year in depth
at the Board or Board Committee level.

In Camera sessions of independent Directors
To maintain independence from management, our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that independent Board members
meet at each quarterly and special Board meeting, without the presence of management and under the chairmanship of the Lead
Director. Similarly, each committee of the Board holds separate sessions without management present under the chairmanship of
its committee Chair at each quarterly and special committee meeting.

About our Board Committees

The Board has two committees that help it carry out its responsibilities.
   Audit Committee
     100% independent                                  Members:                                      2025 meetings:
   100% financially literate                       Eric Boyko (chair)                         4 meetings – 100% attendance
                                                  Marie-Josée Lamothe
                                                   Monique F. Leroux
 The Audit Committee helps the Board oversee:
   ▪       the integrity of the Corporation’s financial reporting;
   ▪       the Corporation’s compliance with the requirements established by law and regulation;
   ▪       the independence, competence and appointment of the external auditors;
   ▪       the performance of internal and external auditors;
   ▪       management’s responsibilities with regard to internal controls;
   ▪       the risk management program, including cyber security risks; and
   ▪       oversight of environmental, social and governance financial reporting.
   In fiscal 2025, the Audit Committee, in accordance with its mandate and work plan, accomplished the following:
   Oversight of financial             ▪ recommended the annual and quarterly financial statements and related MD&A as well as
   reporting                            press releases to the Board for approval;
                                      ▪ conducted a review of disclosure controls and procedures including internal controls over
                                        financial reporting;
   Financial planning                 ▪   oversaw the Corporation’s insurance program;
                                      ▪   oversaw the Corporation’s strategic business plan;
                                      ▪   oversaw the Corporation's tax structure and strategy;
                                      ▪   oversaw investor relations activities;
                                      ▪   oversaw treasury activities, including the review of a Financial Risk and Treasury Policy;
                                      ▪   oversaw the Corporation's treasury capital allocation and capital structure strategy, and
                                          recommended to the Board the approval of an increase in the quarterly dividend, selective
                                          buy-back, US Commercial Paper Program upsize;
   Financial risk management          ▪ oversaw risk management activities and results, and conducted a review of the key risks
   and disclosure controls              facing the Corporation;

                                                                                                                               45

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
  Audit Committee
  Oversight of Internal Audit    ▪ conducted a review of the audit plan and monitored its quarterly and annual execution.
  and internal controls          ▪ conducted a semi-annual review of the enterprise risk management program;
  Oversight of external          ▪ conducted an evaluation of the performance of the external auditors and recommended their
  auditors                         reappointment;
                                 ▪ conducted a review of quarterly reports by the external auditors on the financial statements;
                                 ▪ conducted a review of the annual audit plan and the compensation of external auditors with
                                   respect to the annual audit;
  Risk management,               ▪ conducted a review of the Audit Committee work plan for fiscal 2025-2026;
  compliance, and cyber          ▪ received quarterly reports on the Corporation's material litigation;
  security                       ▪ conducted a review of the Corporation's 2024 Annual Report;
                                 ▪ conducted a review of the Corporation's 2024 Annual Information Form;
                                 ▪ oversaw cyber security protocols, quarterly reporting of significant cyber risk and mitigation
                                   strategies implemented by management;
                                 ▪ conducted a review of the Corporation's Cybersecurity Incident Management Policy;
                                 ▪ received quarterly fuel sourcing reports;
  Fraud oversight                ▪ received quarterly financial whistleblowing reports;
  Oversight of                   ▪ assessed and oversaw the enhancement of environmental, social and governance reporting
  environmental, social and        practices along well-recognized standard frameworks, in particular by considering the scope
  governance reporting             of, and review of disclosures based on recommendations from the IFRS Foundation as it
                                   relates to climate-reporting, governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets;
                                 ▪ participated in a joint discussion with the HRCG Committee to review regulatory reporting and
                                   future regulatory requirements.




                                                                                                                            46

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
  Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
     100% independent                            Members:                                       2025 meetings:
                                             Mélanie Kau (chair)                         4 meetings – 100% attendance
                                                Jean Bernier
                                              Janice L. Fields
                                                 Louis Têtu
 The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee helps the Board fulfill its responsibilities related to:
  ▪ human resources;
  ▪ appointing directors and senior management;
  ▪ succession planning;
  ▪ sustainability strategy;
  ▪ compensation;
  ▪ safety and environmental processes and systems;
  ▪ environmental, social and corporate governance; and
  ▪ ethics.
  In fiscal 2025, the HRCG Committee, in accordance with its mandate and work plan, accomplished the following:
  Oversight of Human             ▪ conducted a review of the HRCG Committee work plan for fiscal 2025-2026;
  Resources and Corporate        ▪ conducted a review of the mandates of the Board and the Committees;
  Governance controls
  Human Resources matters        ▪ conducted a review of the fiscal 2025 performance measures and weightings for the
                                   incentive plans;
                                 ▪ conducted a review of the Executive compensation program;
                                 ▪ approved the annual incentive bonus payout;
                                 ▪ approved the TotalEnergies/mid-Europe integration incentive bonus;
                                 ▪ reviewed the Corporation’s retirement plans;
                                 ▪ conducted a review of the Employee Share Purchase Plan;
                                 ▪ conducted a review of the Deferred Share Unit Plan;
                                 ▪ conducted a review of shareholding guidelines compliance;
                                 ▪ oversaw health and safety policies and practices;
  Organizational and             ▪ conducted a review of Executive Leadership Team talent strategy and succession planning;
  succession planning            ▪ considered and approved the appointment of Alex Miller to President and Chief Executive
                                   Officer;
                                 ▪ received quarterly reports from the Chief People Officer on organizational matters, employee
                                   engagement and employee turnover;
  Composition and                ▪ conducted a review of the competencies, skills and personal qualities required for Board
  performance of the Board         members;
  and Committees                 ▪ conducted a review of and recommended for approval to the Board of the director
                                   compensation for Board and committee services;
                                 ▪ conducted a Board and committee assessment;
                                 ▪ considered and recommended for approval Board nominations for fiscal 2025;
  Director recruitment           ▪ continued to enhance the director education program by identifying education opportunities
  onboarding and education         at or in between scheduled Board and committee meetings that provide in-depth reviews of
                                   strategic/operational risks and activities;
                                 ▪ conducted a review of Board and Committee succession plan;
                                 ▪ conducted a review of the Directors orientation plan and development program;
  Regulatory and                 ▪ conducted a review of the annual Management Information Circular;
  compliance                     ▪ received regular reports with respect to directors’ share ownership guidelines;
                                 ▪ conducted a review of Canada's requirements under Fighting Against Forced Labour and Child
                                   Labour in the Supply Chains Act;




                                                                                                                           47

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
   Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
   Corporate governance            ▪   conducted a review of the Delegation of Authority Policy;
   matters                         ▪   conducted a review of the Ethics Code of Conduct;
                                   ▪   conducted a review of corporate governance trends;
                                   ▪   conducted a review of the Board of Directors Charter;
   Environmental and social        ▪   oversaw the Corporation’s sustainability strategy, including sustainability workstreams;
   responsibility matters and      ▪   received reports with respect to measurable objectives on sustainability initiatives;
   disclosures                     ▪   reviewed and assessed certain social responsibility objectives and initiatives of the
                                       Corporation with respect to inclusive culture, including a review of the Policy regarding
                                       Diversity on the Board of Directors and in executive officer positions;
                                   ▪   reviewed and provided input to the Board on the management of current and emerging
                                       sustainability matters affecting the Corporation;
                                   ▪   conducted a review and provided input to the annual Sustainability Report;
                                   ▪   Participated in a joint discussion with the Audit Committee to review regulatory reporting
                                       and future regulatory requirements;
   Ethics and Compliance           ▪   reviewed quarterly whistleblowing reports.


Ethical business behaviour and Ethics Code of Conduct

Respect is at the heart of all that we do – our culture of honesty and openness drives our success. We believe in doing what we say
we will do, listening to others, and operating in a way that sustains the trust of our suppliers, partners, and customers. It has been a
key factor in how we have been able to acquire so many companies, and welcome many of their people into the Alimentation
Couche-Tard family. For us, honesty and trust are a common language that transcends our culture.
Respect for human rights is just as important to us. We show respect for all individuals and our workplaces are characterized by
equality and inclusive culture, consistent with the relevant regulations where we do business. We do not accept any form of
discrimination of our employees, customers or anyone involved in our activities, and expect our suppliers and partners to act
according to ethical standards that are consistent with our values.




Ethics code of conduct
The Ethics Code reinforces the Corporation's commitment to maintaining high ethical standards in all of its operations and business
practices worldwide. The Ethics Code covers important topics such as integrity, confidentiality, protecting our property and assets,
conflicts of interest, fair treatment of clients, suppliers, competitors and employees, insider information and insider trading. It is
truly meant to be a guide that help us all make the right decisions. It is available in a user-friendly and multilingual document. A
copy of our Ethics Code is available on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com) and on SEDAR+ (sedarplus.ca).
In fiscal 2024, the Corporation conducted a Company-wide training program on the Ethics Code that reached over
100,000 employees, provided either in-person or through an online interactive platform. This is a mandatory training program that
is provided every other year and was enhanced by several other training modules (either in-person or online) on specific topics such
as principals of competition law, anti-harassment and privacy, among others.
The Ethics Code applies to everyone at the Corporation and its subsidiaries, and we expect required consultants, intermediaries,
lobbyists and anyone who works on our behalf to comply with the Ethics Code. We ensure that everyone adheres to the Ethics Code
by:

  ▪ giving a copy of the Ethics Code (electronic or paper) to all employees when they are hired, and requiring their signature,
    including onboarding training;
  ▪ annual certification of the Ethics Code, for our non-store employees;
  ▪ requiring our store employees to review and acknowledge the Ethics Code every other year;
  ▪ providing training for our employees every other year;
  ▪ keeping copies of the acknowledgments in each person's employment file.


                                                                                                                                  48

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Everyone is responsible for raising known or suspected breaches of the Ethics Code immediately to the employee’s supervisor, local
Human Resources Department or local Legal Department. All reports are treated impartially and confidentially, to the extent
possible and consistent with applicable federal and/or local law and the need to conduct a thorough investigation, and there will be
no retaliation against anyone who makes a report in good faith.
The HRCG Committee not only reviews the Ethics Code regularly to ensure its relevance with the most current ethical concerns, but
it also monitors compliance with the Ethics Code. It receives quarterly reports from the Chief of Legal Affairs and Corporate
Secretary on complaints made through the ACT Hotline, including the number of complaints, their nature, and any sanctions
imposed. For certain specific breaches, it also receives the results of investigations and the corrective actions taken.

Supplier code of conduct
In fiscal 2024, the Corporation launched the Supplier Code of Conduct allowing us to leverage existing practices across our multiple
geographies by consolidating regional supplier-oriented requirements into a global document and aligning our expectations and
requirements with all our suppliers, brokers and services providers contributing to our global and regional supply chains. The
Supplier Code of Conduct was adopted by the Corporation's Board of Directors on November 28, 2023 and applies to all suppliers,
vendors, service providers, agents, brokers and manufacturers who i) manufacture, supply and/or package goods and services for
resale and/or goods and services not for resale; or ii) maintain a business relationship with the Corporation.

The Supplier Code of Conduct is derived from our determination to conduct business with honestly and integrity. As a result, we
center our business relationships with those suppliers who share a commitment to the following fundamental principals:

  ▪ compliance with applicable laws and legal requirements;
  ▪ ethical business practices;
  ▪ ethical employment standards; and
  ▪ environment and sustainability.
Our Suppliers are encouraged to speak up and report any actual or suspected suspicious, unlawful or unethical behaviour,
including any non-compliance or suspected non-compliance with applicable laws or industry standards, by phone or online
through the ACT Hotline.

The HRCG Committee assists the Board in carrying out its responsibilities by dealing with matters relating to ESG, including
oversight of any matters covered by the Supplier Code of Conduct. The HRCG Committee is briefed on ESG-related matters on a
quarterly basis. A copy of our Supplier Code of Conduct is available on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com).
ACT Hotline                                                                                         REPORTING A BREACH
The ACT Hotline is a worldwide communication platform, fostering transparency and                   Suspected breaches of the
accountability and is available online at all times and in a multitude of linguistic options to     policy can be reported to an
employees and customers everywhere the Corporation operates. The ACT Hotline offers an              employee’s supervisor, local
anonymous reporting option where it is legal to do so, and provides tools ensuring                  Human Resources
transparency and timeliness in the treatment of submitted concerns.                                 Departments or local Legal
You can find out more about our Ethics Code and the ACT Hotline at:                                 Departments or through the
https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/our-company/leadership-governance/ethics-and-                      ACT Hotline at
compliance/.                                                                                        couchetard.ethicspoint.com

Whistleblower policy
In addition to monitoring compliance with the Ethics Code, the Board has adopted various policies and procedures which are
updated on a regular basis to reflect recent development and best practices. The Whistleblower Policy and Procedures which covers
accounting and auditing matters, corporate fraud, and internal accounting controls. This policy provides Couche-Tard’s employees
and external stakeholders with communications channels that will allow them to raise concerns in confidence, and anonymously if
desired, without fear of reprisals or retaliation of any kind. All directors, officers and employees are required to understand this
policy and comply with its terms.
The Audit Committee monitors compliance with the Whistleblower Policy. It receives quarterly reports from the Chief Financial
Officer (the “CFO”) on complaints made through the ACT Hotline, including the number of complaints, their nature, and any
sanctions imposed. For certain specific breaches, it also receives the results of investigations and the corrective actions taken.




                                                                                                                              49

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Insider trading policy
In addition to its strict disclosure practices, the Corporation has adopted an Insider Trading Policy which is designed to prevent
improper trading in the Corporation’s securities and the improper communication of privileged or material information with respect
to the Corporation that has not been generally disclosed, including compliance with insider trading and tipping rules. Under the
policy, which was last amended in fiscal 2023, those who normally have access to material information that has not been generally
disclosed may only trade in the Corporation’s securities within prescribed periods. The policy also provides processes for the pre-
clearance of trades in the Corporation’s securities and for reporting by the reporting insiders of the Corporation.

Anti-hedging policy
The Board believes that it is inappropriate for directors and executive officers to hedge or monetize transactions to lock in the value
of holdings in the securities of the Corporation (be it shares, DSUs or other forms of securities granted by the Corporation to
Directors or executive officers). Such transactions, while allowing the holder to own the Corporation’s securities without the full risks
and rewards of ownership, potentially separate the holder’s interests from those of other stakeholders and, particularly from the
Corporation’s shareholders.
In the Corporation’s Corporate Governance Guidelines the Board adopted an anti-hedging policy in fiscal 2021. As such, unless
otherwise previously expressly approved by the Board, no director or executive officer may, at any time, purchase financial
instruments, including prepaid variable forward contracts, instruments for the short sale or purchase or sale of call or put options,
equity swaps, collars, or units of exchangeable funds that are based on fluctuations of the Corporation’s securities and that are
designed to or that may reasonably be expected to have the effect of hedging or offsetting a decrease in the market value of any
securities of the Corporation.

Shareholder engagement and transparency
Continuous disclosure and disclosure practices
                                                                                                        DISCLOSURE PRACTICES
The Corporation is committed to providing material information to shareholders and the
                                                                                                        We expect all employees,
public in a timely, accurate and balanced way. The Corporation believes that through its annual
                                                                                                        including all executive
and ad hoc disclosure documents, including, among others, this Circular, the Corporation’s
                                                                                                        officers, to exercise the
financial statements and accompanying management’s discussion and analysis, annual
                                                                                                        highest standard of care in
information form, annual report, quarterly interim reports and conference calls, periodic press
                                                                                                        preparing business and
releases, as well as the Corporation’s website and sustainability report, it effectively
                                                                                                        financial information,
communicates its commitment to not only meet but exceed governance standards, be they
                                                                                                        whether for internal or
imposed by legislation or encouraged as best practices. The Corporation is committed to
                                                                                                        external use.
providing timely, accurate, and balanced disclosure of material information consistent with
legal and regulatory requirements.
Besides the affirmation of this commitment in our Ethics Code, which also contains a no comment policy, the Corporation has
adopted a Public Disclosure Policy to provide guidelines with respect to the dissemination and disclosure of information to the
investment community and Shareholders. The objectives of the Public Disclosure Policy seek to ensure that communications are
timely, accurate and broadly disseminated in accordance with applicable legislation, and sound disclosure practices which maintain
the confidence of the investment community, including investors, in the integrity of the Corporation’s information.
Furthermore, the Corporation has mandated a Disclosure Committee with the responsibility to set out procedures and controls for
making sure our disclosure is accurate, complete and in accordance with all applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. The
Disclosure Committee is composed of the CEO, the CFO, the General Counsel, the Controller and the Vice-President of Investor
Relations. Dissemination to the public of material information, both financial and non-financial, which was previously undisclosed,
must be reviewed and approved in advance by the Disclosure Committee.




                                                                                                                                   50

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Communications and engagement with shareholders
                                                                                                        HOW TO CONTACT THE
Reaching out to stakeholders and listening to their opinion is an important value of the                BOARD
Corporation and is crucial in understanding our investors’ concerns and sentiment. The
                                                                                                        You can communicate
Corporation engages with shareholders through a variety of channels, including the
                                                                                                        directly with the Board by
Corporation’s website at https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/investors/, quarterly conference
                                                                                                        writing to:
calls and periodic investor day meetings or similar events.
                                                                                                        Alimentation Couche-Tard
The Corporation holds investor days or similar events (breakfasts, site visits, virtual conferences,
                                                                                                        Inc. c/o Executive Chairman
presentations by the Corporation’s senior officers, quarterly earnings and acquisition-specific
                                                                                                        4204 Industriel Blvd.
calls and other meetings, etc.) on a periodic basis at which management can exchange with
                                                                                                        Laval, Québec H7L 0E3
analysts, shareholders and other stakeholders of the Corporation. During these meetings,
management provides an update to analysts, shareholders and other stakeholders on the                   Please mark your envelope
Corporation’s operations, performance and outlook while making sure to respect its disclosure           private and confidential.
obligations and avoid any selective disclosure. These meetings also provide analysts,
shareholders and stakeholders with the opportunity to raise questions and concerns to
Management regarding the Corporation’s business and affairs. In fiscal 2025, we met one-on-
one with several of our major shareholders, which allowed us to provide context about the
Corporation, how we’re governed, and the decisions the Board and management make.
Feedback from shareholders comes from one-on-one or group meetings, in addition to regular
interactions on specific questions between the Corporation’s investor relations department
and shareholders. Investor relations conferences, and results conference calls are broadcasted
live through the website of the Corporation and materials from results, conference calls as well
as a transcript of the call are archived and available on the website of the Corporation at
https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/investors/.

Say on Pay
The Corporation has adopted a Say on Pay policy, the purpose of which is to provide appropriate Director accountability to the
shareholders for the Board’s compensation decisions, by giving shareholders a formal opportunity on an annual basis to provide
their views on the disclosed objectives of the executive compensation plans of the Corporation and on the plans themselves. The
HRCG Committee carefully considers shareholder feedback on the Corporation’s executive compensation programs, and works to
continue the design and implementation of compensation programs that promote the creation of shareholder value and further
our executive compensation philosophy in a challenging economic environment.
As this is an advisory vote, the results are not binding upon the Board; however, the Board will take the results of the vote into
account, as appropriate, when considering future compensation policies, procedures, and decisions and in determining whether
there is a need to significantly increase their engagement with shareholders on compensation and related matters. The Corporation
discloses the results of the shareholder non-binding advisory vote as part of its report on voting results and related press release to
be posted on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca. The Board discloses to shareholders, no later than in the management information
circular for its next annual meeting, the changes to the compensation plans made or to be made (or why no such changes were
made) by the Board as a result of its engagement with shareholders. In the event that a significant number of shareholders oppose
the resolution, the Board will consult with its shareholders, particularly those who are known to have voted against it, in order to
understand their concerns and will review the Corporation’s approach to compensation in the context of those concerns.
Shareholders who have voted against the resolution will be encouraged to contact the Board to discuss their specific concerns.
At the 2024 annual meeting of shareholders held on September 5, 2024, the non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation
received shareholder support with 92.16% of affirmative votes. The Board and the HRCG Committee greatly value the shareholder
feedback on executive compensation and, work to continue the design and implementation of compensation programs that
promote the creation of shareholder value and align the interests of executive officers with those of shareholders.




                                                                                                                                 51

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Human capital management

Oversight of human capital management
The HRCG Committee has oversight responsibility to review the Corporation’s health, safety and well-being, development, inclusive
culture practices and initiatives and to review the succession plans relating to the positions of CEO and some other executive
offices. To this end, the HRCG Committee receives regular reports from the Chief People Officer (“CPO”) on topics such as
development, inclusive culture programs and initiatives, talent management and succession planning process, health and safety
and well-being programs, as well as any employee engagement activities.

As a testament to this commitment, the Corporation received the 2025 Gallup Exceptional Workplace Award, which recognizes the
world’s most engaged workplace cultures. It is the fourth year in a row that the Corporation has received this award.

Leadership development and succession
We encourage growth at all levels of our organization – from our convenience store team members to the Board – and believe that
being able to draw on a wide range of viewpoints, backgrounds, skills and experience is critical to our success, particularly in an
increasingly complex global marketplace.

Having an employee base that reflects the communities we serve is also a competitive advantage, because it helps us understand
and serve our customer base more effectively. Inclusion is also an important part of good governance and key to a well-functioning
Board and an effective executive management team. Women in Governance Canada has once again awarded us Silver level
certification for our efforts in gender equality, marking our second consecutive year at this ranking.

Our employee-led Business Resource Groups ("BRGs") that are open to all team members play an important role in making our
workplace feel safe, welcoming, and connected. By bringing people together through events, networking opportunities, and the
celebration of both individual and collective contributions, BRGs create meaningful connections and help foster a culture rooted in
mutual respect and continuous learning. Members of the leadership team serve as Executive Sponsors, offering strategic guidance,
thought leadership, and support.

An Inclusive Workplace                                                                                AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
The Corporation recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a balanced Board and                   EMPLOYER
executive team and sees this as a competitive advantage. To the effect, the Corporation has           We support the spirit and
adopted a a diversity policy for the Executive Leadership Team setting forth guidelines for           intent of human rights and
promoting balance and inclusion throughout the organization. While all director and executive         anti-discrimination laws, and
appointments are based on merit, the Board expects that when selecting candidates, a wide             promote a culture of
range of criteria are considered, to ensure that these bodies, as a whole, have a variation of        acceptance and respect,
skills, experience and backgrounds of its members (including those with differences in age,           regardless of race, color,
disability, gender, sexual orientation, marital or Civil partnership status, race (including ethnic   gender, sexual orientation,
origin, nationality or color), religious, political or other beliefs, regional and geographic         marital status, religion,
background). You can read more specifically about Board diversity on page 42.                         political affiliation,
We have a large global workforce that spans many cultures, backgrounds and languages. We              nationality, ethnic
have several initiatives and policies that promote an inclusive and respectful workforce,             background, social origin,
including:                                                                                            age or disability or any other
  ▪   cross-cultural training;                                                                        legally protected
  ▪   accommodating religious attire according to local practice;                                     characteristic.
  ▪   improving our compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act standards;                    You can read more in our
  ▪   an ageless workplace strategy that is relevant to at least four generations.                    Ethics Code, which you can
                                                                                                      find on our website.

We are committed to developing our people, so our leadership team is a clearer reflection of our customer and employee base.
We try to promote from within and recognize that we can only reach our leadership goals if we are committed to development and
broad candidate pools in the merit-based hiring process at all levels of the organization.

We recognize autonomy, acknowledge empowerment and emphasize leadership and the opportunities to grow with the
Corporation. We strongly encourage our teams to stand out and become leaders, because we believe that our strength lies in the
growth and development of our employees.


                                                                                                                                 52

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Women in leadership
In fiscal 2025, six of the eighteen 18 people (33%) on our executive leadership team were           WOMEN IN EXECUTIVE AND
women. Today we have a total workforce of 56% women which gives us a healthy pipeline to            MANAGERIAL ROLES
develop women in leadership roles. Female representation of directors and up increased to           (as of April 27, 2025)
34.6%. We are focused on providing equal opportunities for all by investing in internal talent                               Women
development. We continue to collaborate with our human resources leaders globally to                Executives               33%
strengthen our talent pipeline. We will continue to monitor our progress and uphold our             Vice Presidents          28%
ambition to rank among the top 10% employers for providing equal opportunities by the               Heads of/Directors       36%
Gallup benchmark data.                                                                              Regional Director of     32%
                                                                                                    Operations
In fiscal 2025, we won the corporate empowerment award by Convenience Store News at the
                                                                                                    Sr. Managers/Managers    44%
Top Women in Convenience gala and we continue to celebrate our many Top Women in
                                                                                                    Market managers          48%
Convenience through the Couche-Tard’s Women’s Council.
                                                                                                    Store managers           71%

The Women’s Council is part of Couche-Tard’s Board's commitment to provide a fair workplace to all employees and to take
measurable actions promoting a workplace where a broad spectrum of perspectives and experiences are welcomed and
respected. The Women’s Council’s work includes supporting the creation of a mentoring program for all non-store employees and
creating career development workshops in the Corporation’s global offices and stores.

Succession planning
The Board recognizes that effective succession planning for the President and CEO and executive management ensures continuity
of executive management. The HRCG Committee is responsible for making sure we have executive succession planning and
performance evaluation programs and processes (including development and career planning), and that these are operating
effectively. The HRCG Committee also oversees planning when a change to the organization’s structure has an impact on executive
roles. Working with the President and CEO as well as the CPO, the HRCG Committee reviews our company-wide succession planning
process once a year. The talent and succession process starts at the business unit level with local vice-presidents and local human
resources directors’ review of talent and succession candidates, including nominating candidates for vice-president and functional
leadership roles. After rounds of regional coordination, the executive leadership team performs a company-wide review led by the
CPO. The results from the Corporation wide review, the President and CEO and CPO’s considerations for senior executive
succession are presented to the HRCG Committee annually. The HRCG Committee is responsible for the President and CEO
succession review, and choice of President and CEO succession candidates. The development of the President and CEO succession
candidates occurs in collaboration with the CPO and the HRCG Committee reviews such process on a semi-annual basis.
The HRCG Committee has a contingency plan to ensure an orderly process in the event something unexpected happens to a
member of the executive management team.

Health, safety and well-being
Our worldwide community of people are at the heart of our business. It is their commitment, safety, motivation and talent that have
made us a successful convenience store operator. We care about our people and take their safety and well-being very seriously. We
continuously work to improve our policies, programs and tools to ensure all our employees and customers feel safe, secure,
included, engaged and respected. As part of our sustainability journey, workplace safety is foundational to our commercial strategy.
We work to equip ourselves with better tools to reduce workplace safety incidents. Across our organization, we’ve also strengthened
many of our training programs so that employees are better able to recognize and prevent safety risks.




                                                                                                                                   53

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) focus, oversight and reporting
                                                                                                         OUR SUSTAINABILITY
Since 2019, we have been on a sustainability journey towards providing greater transparency
                                                                                                         REPORT
and engagement on our efforts and our desire to contribute to a cleaner and safer future while
                                                                                                         You can read more about
creating value for all our stakeholders. In 2020, we created a more defined framework and
                                                                                                         our key areas of focus, why
strengthened how we incorporate sustainability in our way of thinking and decision-making,
                                                                                                         they’re important, and our
making it now a lens to our business and pushing forward our commitment to actionable
                                                                                                         progress this year in our
results based on stakeholder perspectives, conversations with investors and interviews with
                                                                                                         2025 Sustainability Report,
business leaders. In fiscal 2021, we launched our new Sustainability Framework, guided by the
                                                                                                         which is available on our
three core pillars of “Planet”, “People” and "Prosperity", which puts even greater focus on
                                                                                                         website.
including our stakeholders. Our identified stakeholders are customers, employees, suppliers,
NGOs, communities and governments, as well as investors. As a convenience and mobility
retailer, we acknowledge our role and the opportunity to contribute to a more sustainable
future.
Last year, as part of our sustainability journey, we revised our goals to align with a clear ambition to reduce our own emissions as
well as to support our customers in moving toward a lower carbon emissions environment.

In 2025, we are proud to be recognized for the third time with an AA rating by MSCI ESG, a company leading its industry in managing
the most significant environmental, social and corporate governance ("ESG") risks and opportunities.




Board oversight of ESG
Our sustainability work is headed by our Board, which oversees goals, programs, risks, performance, and reporting. Our CPO and
leader of the Corporation's sustainability efforts, is responsible for the sustainability strategy, initiatives and assessing performance
and works with the Sustainability Core team to implement the sustainability strategy. The Board Charter confirms its oversight of
ESG, specifically to: review, approve and monitor the Corporation's goals, strategies and commitments related to sustainability and
ESG, including climate risks and opportunities, human rights and human capital management, community and social impact,
inclusion.

ESG Reporting
The Corporation uses recognized frameworks to communicate ESG performance to stakeholders. These frameworks also support
the Corporation’s constant efforts to evaluate, monitor and improve its ESG strategies. For example, the Corporation prepares its
annual Sustainability Report in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative ("GRI") Sustainability Standards and the Sustainability
Accounting Standards Board ("SASB"). An index of our alignment with the GRI and SASB Standards is available at: corpo.couche-
tard.com/en/sustainability.

                                                                                                                                   54

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
Letter from the Chair of the Human Resources and
Corporate Governance Committee
Dear shareholders,

On behalf of the HRCG Committee and the Board, we are pleased to share with you
Alimentation Couche-Tard’s fiscal 2025 Compensation Discussion and Analysis. We
remain dedicated to transparent and well-structured practices for executive
compensation, as this aligns with the expectations of our stakeholders, shareholders
and employees. Our thoughtful approach to compensation always aims to attract,
motivate, and retain the highest caliber of talent in order to drive sustainable growth
and enhance shareholder value.

This is my last year as Chair of the HRCG Committee. I leave this role knowing that the
Corporation will continue to transform itself as constant improvement is one of the
impressive hallmarks of Alimentation Couche-Tard’s business approach. It has been
my privilege to be a part of this incredible story and to serve the shareholders of this
inspiring company.

Alimentation Couche-Tard’s performance in fiscal 2025
This fiscal year marked the 45th anniversary of the opening of the Corporation's first store. Few companies, large or small, achieve
such longevity and success. We attribute this to our culture of prioritizing both employees and customers – a practice initiated by
Alain Bouchard with the opening of the Corporation's first store in Laval, Canada, and one that continues to guide the Corporation
across its global network today.
In a year marked by global and economic uncertainty, we achieved notable milestones: enhanced beverage selection, improved
Fresh food, fast program, strong fuel business performance in both volumes and margins, solid B2B results in Europe, and growth in
the United States. We lead e-mobility in Europe with new sustainable EV-charging stations. Strategically, we've expanded Circle K in
mid-European countries and expanded our U.S. network with the acquisition of GetGo. Our organic growth is on track with the goal
of opening 500 new stores in five years. While the retail sector remains challenged by cautious consumer spending, the Corporation
remains focused on winning customers by offering value, ease, and fast, friendly service.

Impact of performance on fiscal 2025 pay outcomes
In fiscal 2025, the NEO’s short-term incentives were, as in previous years, 75% based upon the achievement of a company-wide
financial target (net income), and 25% based upon the achievement of individual KRAs. Net earnings of US $2.6 billion resulted in
the achievement of 85.59% of the company-wide financial target. Since our short-term incentive program provides a sliding scale
for our company-wide financial target from zero to 250%, less than 90% achievement translated to no payout of the company-wide
financial component.

With respect to the individual component, the NEOs were each assigned four key result areas. The attainment of the individual
component averaged 67.33% for the NEOs. This achievement level was lower than historical performance consistent with the overall
financial achievement of the company and reflective of the company’s performance based compensation model. Several of our
executives have KRAs that include elements relating to our ESG ambitions.

CEO Transition
This year is the first in which Alex Miller has served as our President and CEO, and the transition has been smooth. Mr. Miller has
gathered a group of executive leaders who are prepared to address the challenges of the current economic landscape. The
executive team is providing strategic direction and leadership to implement our 10 For the Win strategy while maintaining our
values and culture. As evidence of this, we have been recognized as a Gallup Exceptional Workplace for the fourth consecutive time.
We are one of a few companies of our size to receive this award, reflecting the capabilities of our leadership and the engagement of
our team members.

Building on the year-over-year success of the annual Gallup employee engagement survey (myVOICE), we are proud to report that
our engagement remains strong in the myVOICE employee engagement, remaining at 4.3 in 2025 on a 5-point scale. This brings the
Corporation to the 92nd percentile in Gallup’s very competitive company database, where the Corporation enjoys a top quartile
position for employee engagement.

                                                                                                                              55

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
The Corporation's continuous efforts to cultivate a company culture that favors this engagement was rewarded once again this year
with the 2024 Gallup Exceptional Workplace Award, another recognition of the sustained efforts being made.
As the Corporation continues this next leg of its strategic journey, we believe our executive compensation programs continue to
strike the right balance between rewarding short-term and long-term performance appropriately, while ensuring competitive
compensation in relation to outside benchmarks and shareholder interests and expectations.

We encourage our shareholders to review the information provided with regards to compensation program, including the
components of executive pay and the individual awards for each executive officer described in the following sections of this Circular.

We respectfully ask you to cast your vote in favor of our annual Say-on-Pay proposal in the hope that you agree that our
compensation proposals link executive pay to corporate performance and align these programs with the interests of our
shareholders.

Sincerely,
(s) Mélanie Kau
Mélanie Kau
Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee




                                                                                                                                56

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
2025 Performance

Despite numerous challenges in the latter half of fiscal 2025, including persistent economic conditions challenges, the Corporation
demonstrated resilient operational and financial performance. Management maintained a strong focus on cost discipline and
continued to execute on the various organic and inorganic initiatives of its multi-year strategic plan. This included the strategic
acquisition of GetGo, which will add approximately 270 stores to our U.S. network this calendar year.

Net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Corporation stood at US $2.6 billion for fiscal 2025, compared with US $2.7 billion
for fiscal 2024, a decrease of US $149.3 million, driven by the impact of our strategic investments on operating expenses and
depreciation, by softness in traffic and fuel demand, as well as by the impact of the higher debt level to finance our recent
                                                                           1
acquisitions, partly offset by higher road transportation fuel gross margin and the contribution from acquisitions. Diluted net
earnings per share stood at US $2.71, compared with US $2.82 for the previous year.

                      (52-week period)                                                           2025                   2024

                      Net earnings attributable to shareholders of the                       $2,580.4                $2,729.7
                      Corporation ($US millions)
                      Merchandise and service revenues growth                                   +4.7%                  +1.5%
                                                                     (1)
                      Merchandise and service gross profit growth                               +4.7%                  +2.8%
                      Road transportation     fuel       revenues   growth                      +5.6%                  (4.5)%
                      (decline)
                      Road transportation fuel gross profit growth                            +10.3%                   (2.3)%
                               (1)
                      (decline)
                                                 (1,2)
                      Return on capital employed                                                12.2%                  13.2%
                      (1)
                         For additional information on the performance measures not defined by IFRS® Accounting
                      Standards, please refer to Appendix E - Non-IFRS Accounting Standards Measures.
                      (2)
                        The information as at April 28, 2024 has been adjusted based on our final estimates of the fair value
                      of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for the acquisition of convenience retail and fuel sites
                      operating under the MAPCO brand, and for the acquisition of certain European retail assets from
                      TotalEnergies SE.


For more information about Couche-Tard’s performance, we invite you to review the Corporation’s annual audited consolidated
financial statements and MD&A for the year ended April 27, 2025 and which are available on the Corporation’s website at
www.corpo.couche-tard.com and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.




                                                                                                                                57

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Our 2025 Named Executive Officers

Below is a description of each of the individuals who form our current named executive officer team, which includes our Founder and
Executive Chairman, our President and Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer, our Executive Vice President, North
American Operations and Global Commercial Optimization, and our Chief Technology Officer (the “Named Executive Officers” or
"NEOs"). Detailed information regarding the compensation awarded to our Named Executive Officers is found in the section titled Key
Compensation Tables in the summary compensation table.

                                Alain Bouchard, O.C., O.Q.
                                Founder and Executive Chairman
                                Meets equity ownership requirement




 Alain Bouchard has served as the Executive Chairman of Alimentation Couche-Tard since 2014, when he stepped down after 25 years as
 President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Bouchard opened his first convenience store in Québec in 1980 and founded the companies that
 grew into Alimentation Couche-Tard. He has over 50 years of experience in the retail industry and worked with his closest collaborators
 and all staff members to build Alimentation Couche-Tard into the business it is today. He has also been a member of the Board of
 Directors of Quebecor from 1997 and the Board of Directors of CGI Inc. from 2013 to 2023.
 Mr. Bouchard is a Member of the Order of Canada and an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec. He also has an honorary doctorate in
 Consumer Sciences from Université Laval in Québec City and an honorary doctorate in Laws from McGill University in Montréal. He has
 received many distinguished awards for business excellence and his outstanding professional achievements. He is a Companion of the
 Order of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame, a Member of the Cercle des Grands entrepreneurs du Québec, Grand bâtisseur de
 l’économie du Québec (Institute for governance). He was named Outstanding industry leader of the year (NACDA) in 2008, Canada’s
 Outstanding CEO of the year in 2013 and NACS Insight International Convenience Leader of the year in 2014. He has also received the
 T. Patrick Boyle Founder’s Award (Fraser Institute) in 2014.
 Mr. Bouchard has been involved in several fundraising campaigns and philanthropic activities. He and his wife established the Sandra and
 Alain Bouchard Foundation in 2012, which supports various causes associated with people living with intellectual disabilities as well as
 artistic and cultural projects. In 2015, Mr. Bouchard and his wife were named Exceptional philanthropist of the year by the Québec Chapter
 of the Association of Fundraising Professionals, and they both hold an honorary doctorate from Concordia University in Montréal for their
 leading role in philanthropy in Québec.
 Mr. Bouchard lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.




                                                                                                                                      58

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                                        Alex Miller
                                        President and Chief Executive Officer
                                        Meets equity ownership requirement




 Alex Miller was named President and CEO in September 2024, after serving as Chief Operating Officer since January 2023.
 Previously, Mr. Miller held the positions of Executive Vice-President, Operations, North America, and Global Optimization beginning in
 March 2021, Executive Vice President, Commercial Optimization since May 2019, Senior Vice-President, Operations and Global Fuels since
 December 2017, Senior Vice-President, Global Fuels since November 2016, and Vice-President, Fuels since October 2012. Mr. Miller joined
 Couche-Tard as Director of Fuels, Real Estate and Facilities in 2012.
 Prior to joining Couche-Tard, he was with BP Plc. for 16 years in a variety of operational, supply, business development, and strategy roles
 in the US and Europe with increasing levels of responsibility. This included eight years in retail across multiple channels in six different US
 markets across the Southeast, Midwest, and Mid-Atlantic geographies. He spent a further four years in London, working in Strategy &
 Planning at BP Plc’s head office, and a final four years in Chicago working within fuel supply value chain optimization and business
 development.
 Mr. Miller holds a BS in Business Management from Southern Illinois University.
 Mr. Miller lives in South Carolina, United States and speaks English.



                                        Filipe Da Silva
                                        Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                            (1)
                                        Does not meet equity ownership requirement




 Filipe Da Silva joined Alimentation Couche-Tard as Senior Vice President, Finance in March 2023, and was appointed Chief Financial Officer
 on July 1, 2023. Prior to joining Couche-Tard, Mr. Da Silva held the position of Chief Financial Officer and Head of Real Estate at Walmart
 Canada, from April 2020 to March 2023 and CFO of Central America from April 2016 to January 2021.

 Previously, Mr. Da Silva held various management positions within TotalEnergies, a French energy conglomerate, in Argentina, followed by
 Carrefour, a French multinational retail and wholesaling corporation, working out of Buenos Aires, Colombia, India and Indonesia. He
 later joined Groupe Exito, one of South America’s largest retailers before joining Walmart in 2016 as CFO for Central America operations.

 Mr. Da Silva is Chairman of the Circle K AS Board of Directors, the European division operating Statoil Fuel & Retail ASA, the retail gasoline
 filling stations.

 Mr. Da Silva holds a Masters in Strategy and Finance from ESCP Business School.
 Mr. Da Silva lives in Ontario, Canada and speaks French, English, Spanish and Portuguese.
(1)
      Mr. Da Silva has until July 2028 to meet his equity ownership requirement.




                                                                                                                                           59

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                               Louise Warner
                               Executive Vice President, North American Operations and Global
                               Commercial Optimization
                               Meets equity ownership requirement




Louise Warner was named Executive Vice President, North American Operations and Global Commercial Optimization in September 2024
after serving as Senior Vice President, Global Fuels since joining Alimentation Couche-Tard in January 2021. Prior to Couche-Tard,
Ms. Warner was a member of the Caltex Australia (now Ampol) Executive team from 2016 to 2020 and held the positions of Chief
Commercial Officer, and previously Executive General Manager of Fuels & Infrastructure. In her 21- year tenure with Caltex Australia, she
held a variety of operational, project and commercial roles, and was responsible for Australian and international operations in Singapore,
New Zealand and the Philippines.
Ms. Warner holds a Bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of New South Wales in Sydney, Australia.
Ms. Warner lives in North Carolina, United States and speaks English.


                               Ed Dzadovsky
                               Chief Technology Officer
                               Meets equity ownership requirement




Ed Dzadovsky was appointed Chief Technology Officer in April 2022. Previously, Mr. Dzadovsky served as Vice President of North America
IT since January 2018. He has close to 20 years of experience in information technology. Mr. Dzadovsky began his career with McDonald’s
Pittsburgh region in 2000 as a crew member. After working 10 years in store operations, he moved to McDonald’s Chicago headquarters
in 2011 as the Operations Restaurant Technology Senior Director. With a passion for people, he quickly became known for developing
high performing teams of operations and technology experts. Mr. Dzadovsky held various leadership positions in the Information
Technology organization, including Senior Director IT Delivery Global Digital Products, where he led McDonald’s digital transformation
through innovative technology features.

Mr. Dzadovsky is an alum of the University of Pittsburgh where he earned a degree in Computer Science.
Mr. Dzadovsky lives in Arizona, United States and speaks English.




                                                                                                                                      60

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Executive 2025 Compensation at a Glance and Performance

Our compensation program is designed to drive short and long-term business performance and appreciation in our share price,
which creates value for our shareholders. The compensation policies for executives are intended to adequately compensate their
services while establishing a correlation between their compensation and the Corporation’s financial performance.




The table below is a summary of total direct compensation (base salary, short-term incentive and long-term incentives) granted to
our NEOs for 2025 performance. You can read about each compensation component in more detail beginning on page 64.

                                                                                         Long-term incentives
                                                                                                                       Fiscal 2025
                                                                      Annual           Share              Stock        total direct   % at risk for    % at risk for
                                                             (1)                       (2),(3),(4)            (5)                                (6)              (7)
                                                       Salary       incentive     units               options       compensation      fiscal 2025      fiscal 2024
 Alain Bouchard                                    $1,470,060        165,382      $2,814,600         $3,101,820        $7,551,862              67%              68%
 Founder and Executive Chairman
                                             (8)
 Alex Miller                                       $1,436,310       $222,935      $6,163,555         $1,555,813        $9,378,613              62%              56%
 President and Chief Executive Officer
                                             (9)
 Brian Hannasch                                      $929,321       $135,089      $8,471,992         $2,589,018       $12,125,420              68%              64%
 Former President and Chief Executive
 Officer
 Filipe Da Silva                                     $741,347        115,372      $1,587,095          $412,486         $2,856,300              55%              75%
 Chief Financial Officer
 Louise Warner                                       $733,641          63,277     $1,186,047          $203,892         $2,186,857              47%              —
 EVP North America Operations & Global
 Commercial Optimization
 Ed Dzadovsky                                        $681,339          94,536       $687,767          $170,773         $1,634,415              44%              —
 Chief Technology Officer
(1)
      Messrs. Miller, Hannasch, Dzadovsky and Ms. Warner are paid in U.S. dollars. Their compensation has been converted into Canadian dollars using the
      annual average exchange rate of 1.3937 for fiscal 2025.
(2)
      Amounts include the fair value of the Matching DSUs on the grant date, calculated using the weighted average price of the Shares on the TSX for the five
      days prior to the grant. Mr. Miller elected to receive a portion of his fiscal 2025 bonus in DSUs with the Corporation matching up to 25%.
(3)
      Share units are composed at 65% of PSUs and at 35% of either RSUs or DSUs at the election of each NEO. PSUs are performance based (see page 65 for
      details about the NEOs’ long-term incentives).
(4)
      Share units are awarded based on the weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five days immediately preceding the grant date.
(5)
      Amounts represent the fair value of the stock option awards on the grant date, calculated using the Black-Scholes model.
(6)
      The at-risk compensation is composed of the annual incentive, stock options, PSUs, RSUs and Matching DSUs (as such terms are defined at page 67).
(7)
      In fiscal 2024, Mr. Da Silva received a grant of 11,723 stock options on September 18, 2023, which was inadvertently omitted from the 2023 Management
      Information Circular. We have recalculated the % at risk for fiscal 2024 to include the value of this grant.
(8)
      Mr. Miller was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer on September 6, 2024.
(9)
      Mr. Hannasch stepped down as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation effective September 6, 2024. He stayed on as an employee with
      the Corporation and will continue as such until October 3, 2026.




                                                                                                                                                              61

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Share performance and executive pay
Our shares have performed well over the past several years, outperforming the market and delivering strong returns to
shareholders. The graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return of $100 invested in our Common Shares, formerly
Class A Shares and Class B Shares (that ceased trading on December 7, 2021) since fiscal 2020, with the cumulative total
shareholder return of the S&P/TSX Composite Index over the same period and assumes reinvestment of dividends.


                                                                    Comparison of the Corporation Total Return with S&P Indices
                                                               Common Shares                 Multiple Voting Shares                Subordinate Voting Shares
                                                               S&P/TSX Composite Index

                                              $280.00
                                              $260.00
                                              $240.00
                                              $220.00
                                              $200.00
                                              $180.00
                                              $160.00
                                              $140.00
                                              $120.00
                                              $100.00
                                               $80.00
                                                            April 2020        April 2021     April 2022          April 2023          April 2024          April 2025



                                                                             April 2020      April 2021               April 2022         April 2023            April 2024                  April 2025
                                    (1)
 Common Shares                                                                           —                —             $140.20            $167.33               $192.53                              $179.71
                                              (1)
 Multiple Voting Shares                                                         $100.00         $103.52                 $140.20                    —                   —                                    —
                                                    (2)
 Subordinate Voting Shares                                                      $100.00         $104.11                       —                    —                   —                                    —
 S&P/TSX Composite Index                                                        $100.00         $132.47                 $146.92            $143.11               $152.35                              $171.36
(1)
     Multiple Voting Shares ceased to trade on the TSX effective September 1, 2022 and Common Shares commenced trading on the TSX effective
September 1, 2022 as part of the Conversion Event.
(2)
    Subordinate Voting Shares ceased to trade on the TSX effective December 7, 2021.

Cost of management
                                                                                                                                                                            1
The graph below shows Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and impairment ("EBITDA") and total direct
                                                                                                                                     1
compensation granted to our NEOs over the past five years as a percentage of EBITDA to show the cost of management over the
                                                                                                                       1
same period. Our cost of management has averaged less than 1% of EBITDA over the five-year period.


                                                                                 COST OF MANAGEMENT
                                   6000                                                                                                                                 5%



                                                                                                                                                                                Total direct compensation



          EBITDA (USD$ millions)
                                   5000                                                                                                                                 4%
                                   4000
                                                                                                                                                                        3%
                                   3000


                                                                                                                                                                                    as a % of EBITDA
                                                                                                                                                                        2%
                                   2000
                                   1000                                                                                                                                 1%

                                          0                                                                                                                             0%
                                                      Fiscal 2021         Fiscal 2022        Fiscal 2023                   Fiscal 2024            Fiscal 2025

                                                            EBITDA (USD$ millions)             Total NEO direct compensation as a % of EBITDA




                                                                                                                                                                                                            62

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                                                                   Fiscal 2021            Fiscal 2022          Fiscal 2023       Fiscal 2024                               Fiscal 2025
        (1)
 EBITDA       (USD$ millions)                                             $5,061              $5,244               $5,762            $5,596                                    $5,940
                                                                                   (2)                                                                                                   (3)
 Total direct compensation granted to NEOs                         $18,641,935            $19,688,683          $29,850,576       $22,878,456                               $17,212,131
 (in USD)
                                                          (3)
 Total direct compensation as a % of EBITDA                                0.4%                  0.4%                0.5%                0.4%                                    0.3%
(1)
    For additional information on performance measures not defined by IFRS Accounting Standards, please refer to Appendix E - Non-IFRS Accounting Standards
Measures.
(2)
    For the fiscal year ended April 25, 2021, this amount represents actual compensation paid to the NEOs after COVID-19 related reductions.
(3)
    Fiscal 2025 includes CEO salary pro-rated for the portion of the year Messrs. Miller and Hannasch occupied this position, respectively.

Total direct compensation includes base salary, the short-term incentive, any special bonus awarded during the fiscal year, and
long-term incentives (see page 65 for details about the NEOs’ long-term incentives). As our financial results are reported in USD, the
above values are all expressed in USD. Compensation granted to Messrs. Bouchard and Da Silva has been converted into USD using
the average exchange rates for each fiscal year: 0.7175 (2025), 0.7406 (2024), 0.7526 (2023), 0.7978 (2022), 0.7630 (2021).

Trend in Compensation
The following graph illustrates the relationship between the aggregate total direct compensation paid to all NEOs relative to the
Corporation’s cumulative total shareholder return of $100 invested in our Common Shares, formerly Class A Shares and Class B
Shares (that ceased trading on December 7, 2021) since fiscal 2020. It should be noted that this graph does not illustrate the
compensation earned by our current NEOs between years 2020 and 2025, but rather the compensation awarded to the named
executive officers mentioned in each of the Corporation’s management proxy circulars of years 2020 to 2025. Additionally, in
fiscal 2025, total direct compensation reflects CEO salary pro-rated for the portion of the year Messrs. Miller and Hannasch occupied
this position, respectively. All other elements of compensation reflects only that of Mr. Miller.


                                                   280                                                                       45,000,000




                                                                                                                                           Total NEO direct compensation
                                                   260
                                                                                                                             40,000,000
                                                   240
                                                   220                                                                       35,000,000




                                Investment value
                                                   200
                                                   180                                                                       30,000,000
                                                   160                                                                       25,000,000
                                                   140
                                                   120                                                                       20,000,000
                                                   100                                                                       15,000,000
                                                    80
                                                    60                                                                       10,000,000
                                                    40
                                                                                                                             5,000,000
                                                    20
                                                     0                                                                       —
                                                         2020      2021          2022     2023          2024      2025

                                                          Total NEO direct compensation           Common Shares
                                                          Multiple Voting Shares                  Subordinate Voting Shares


                           Multiple Voting Shares ceased to trade on the TSX effective September 1, 2022, Common Shares commenced
                           trading on the TSX effective September 1, 2022 as part of the Conversion Event, and Subordinate Voting Shares
                           ceased to trade on the TSX effective December 7, 2021.

The trend demonstrates a notable increase in total shareholder return, with a compound annual growth rate of over 10% in the
value of our Shares since 2020. Fiscal 2023 marks the achievement of the Double Again strategic plan and subsequent payment of a
special bonus to the Fiscal 2023 NEOs Messrs Hannasch, Tessier, Miller and Lewis. As a consequence of the Corporation’s evolution
and continuous growth, we continue to annually review and update the compensation plans offered to NEOs in order to continue
supporting a pay-for-performance philosophy and increasing alignment of executive compensation with shareholder interests.




                                                                                                                                                                                         63

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Executive Compensation Program
Philosophy
The Corporation’s compensation program is designed to attract, retain and incentivize executives to achieve performance objectives
aligned with the Corporation’s vision, entrepreneurial culture and strategic orientation consistent with shareholders’ value creation.
It also allows the Corporation to reward those executives that deliver superior financial performance.
We remain a growth-oriented company and our compensation programs are designed to reward achievement of such growth.

Four elements of our compensation strategy                                                             Our compensation
Be competitive                                                                                         strategy
We have designed our compensation program to recruit, develop and retain talented
executives. We have a formal, independent review process every two years to ensure executive           BE COMPETITIVE
compensation is benchmarked consistently and adjustments may be made at the conclusion                 We have designed our
of the benchmarking process.                                                                           compensation program to
                                                                                                       recruit, develop and retain
Pay for performance
                                                                                                       talented executives
A significant proportion of our executive compensation is tied to variable, performance-based
programs. We set challenging targets and objectives that drive our annual business plan and            PAY FOR PERFORMANCE
our strategy. These targets and objectives motivate the executives to work hard and foster             We reward executives for
teamwork to deliver strong results and be rewarded accordingly. We assess corporate and                exceptional performance in
individual performance in our compensation decision-making. We include at-risk pay to                  achieving pre–determined
motivate the executive team to execute the business plan, in line with our strategy and values,        and quantifiable objectives
and to create value for our shareholders over time without taking excessive risk.
                                                                                                       ALIGN WITH
Align with shareholder interests                                                                       SHAREHOLDER INTERESTS
Our philosophy and approach to executive compensation is structured to align the focus and             Our compensation program
strategic managerial decisions of our executive teams with the interests of shareholders. We           emphasizes value creation,
see Alimentation Couche-Tard as a long-term growth investment and link a material portion of           establishing a direct link
our executive compensation directly to the performance of our shares. We also consider the             between executive and
realizable value of stock option grants the NEOs have received in prior years as part of our           shareholder interests
formal review of salaries and target variable compensation every year. This approach has
delivered positive outcomes when viewed over a multiple year time horizon. We further                  LINK TO STRATEGY
reinforce our alignment with shareholder interests by enabling our executive leadership team           Compensation supports the
and VPs to elect to receive a portion up to 50% of their short-term incentive in DSUs (instead of      achievement of our
cash).                                                                                                 corporate strategy

Link to strategy
A key variable in our ability to deliver results rests in our expertise and strength in integrating acquisitions. The number and scope
of our acquisitions provide us with a unique opportunity to tie additional variable performance-based compensation elements to
successfully execute acquisition plans. The Company also recognizes that profitability growth must also come from improvement in
our existing store network and not be solely reliant on acquisitions. Consequently, part of our executive compensation strategy
includes variable compensation elements that are specifically tied to profitability independent from acquisition activity.
Fiscal 2025 tied executive compensation to a new set of key result areas ("KRAs") stemming from our new consumer centric
strategic plan, which will aim to deliver exceptional value across our cost base as we strive to be the most trusted brand in
convenience and mobility.

Compensation positioning
To accomplish its goals of attracting, retaining and incentivizing executives to achieve performance objectives aligned with the
Corporation’s vision and strategic orientation, we use a compensation peer group made up of companies we compete with for
executive talent and position our total target compensation for executives. Please refer to the section entitled Benchmarking on
page 70 for a description of the peer group. More specifically:
  ▪ base salary is generally thoroughly reviewed on a periodic basis and is typically set within a competitive range of the median of
    the peer group, reflecting experience, individual contribution and performance, scope of the role and responsibilities, the need



                                                                                                                                64

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
      to attract new executives and other specific circumstances. The base salary may also be reviewed annually and aligned with the
      relevant regional salary increases;
  ▪   while short-term incentive plan targets are aligned with the median of the peer group, actual payment may exceed market
      median when results surpass objectives or may fall below median (possibly zero) when results are below expectations;
  ▪   grants of share units and stock options promote retention and are aligned with long-term performance objectives;
  ▪   grants of DSUs ensure good long-term alignment with shareholders; and
  ▪   savings plans, benefits and other perquisites are aligned with regional practices in the countries where the Corporation
      operates.

General description of the 2025 compensation elements
Executive compensation includes direct compensation (base salary, short-term incentive and long-term incentives), and indirect
compensation (pension retirement plans and other benefits).
Direct compensation
Salary
Base salaries are fixed pay and based on the individual’s competencies, experience and performance as well as internal
compensation guidelines. Base salaries are reviewed annually and usually adjusted in July. Changes are made to adjust for inflation
or to adjust positioning of salaries in relation to the median of the market and remain competitive.
Short-term incentive
The short-term incentive is an annual cash bonus based on the achievement of several factors, including corporate performance
using a key financial measure as a common global KRA measure, and individual performance based on the achievement of
individual KRAs that are approved by the HRCG Committee. KRAs are predetermined and set annually and are tied to strategic
objectives that are connected to the execution of our business plan.
Corporate performance – key financial measure:
We use net earnings as a key financial measure to align the executive team, create accountability and assess corporate
performance. Net earnings are quantifiable, easy to measure and understand, and motivate the executive team to achieve their
challenging targets. We must achieve at least 90% of the objective for our key financial measure to achieve threshold performance,
otherwise the payout on the financial component is zero. We use a sliding scale that caps the maximum payout for the corporate
financial component at 250%.

                    Financial component                          Focuses on budgeted net earnings, a key financial objective tied
                    (75%)                                        to our annual business plan
                    If we achieve net earnings:                  Then the financial component is:
                       ▪   less than 90% of budget                  ▪   zero
                       ▪   at 90% of budget                         ▪   10%
                       ▪   100% of budget (at target)               ▪   100%
                       ▪   above 100% and up to 130% of budget      ▪   scaled up to a maximum of 250%



Individual performance – individual KRAs:
We assess individual performance in several key result areas – operational, functional, talent
management and development, and strategic planning – to drive strong leadership. Individual
objectives vary by executive role and responsibilities. The Corporation sets aggressive goals for
the NEOs and scores each KRA using both quantitative and qualitative criteria. The factors and
                                                                                                                   Our 2025 key result
their respective weightings used for the determination of the short-term incentive are: 75%
                                                                                                                   areas:
corporate financial performance and 25% individual KRAs.
Long-term incentives                                                                                               ▪   Customer experience
Long-term incentives include stock options, as well as share units composed at 65% of PSUs                         ▪   Customer offer
and at 35% of either RSUs or DSUs at the election of each NEO. The PSUs, RSUs and DSUs are                         ▪   Cost optimization
collectively referred to herein as “Share Units”. The long-term incentives are awarded to                          ▪   Sustainability
motivate the executive team to achieve strong future performance for the Corporation and its
shareholders, to retain the executive team and to align executive interests with those of
shareholders. The DSUP, Share Unit Plan as well as the Stock Incentive Plan were all amended
in fiscal 2021 in order to ensure their relevancy for this incentivizing.




                                                                                                                                             65

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
 The following table explains the type of grants made to NEOs under our various equity compensation plans, and their respective
 vesting and payout conditions:

                 Description and Vesting Matrix                                       Payment Characteristic and Valuation
Options          Options vest 20% each year beginning on the grant date, unless Exercise price is determined by the weighted average reported closing
                 determined otherwise by the Board at the time of grant. Options price for a board lot of the Shares on the TSX for the five days
                 usually expire after 10 years.                                  immediately before the grant date.
                                                                                 Value derived from in-the-money vested Options is equal to the
                                                                                 number of vested Options exercised multiplied by the difference (in $)
                                                                                 between the Shares price on the day Options are exercised and the
                                                                                 exercise price.
                                                                                 Options provide value only if the Shares price increases above the
                                                                                 exercise price (Options are in-the-money).
                                                                                 The plan allows a cashless exercise if the holder has an agreement
                                                                                 with his or her broker.

PSUs             PSUs vest at the end of the three year period commencing at the      PSUs are subject to a performance multiplier, expressed as a
                 beginning of the fiscal year in which the PSUs are granted, based    percentage.
                 on corporate performance.                                            Corporate performance objectives for the three-year period relate
                 Since fiscal 2021, all PSUs outstanding benefit from Dividend        to our operating performance and are set by the HRCG Committee
                 Equivalents.                                                         at the time of grant.
                                                                                      Value of PSUs equals the number of vested PSUs (including
                                                                                      Dividend Equivalents and taking into account any applicable
                                                                                      performance multiplier) multiplied by the weighted average trading
                                                                                      price of the Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately
                                                                                      before the valuation date.



RSUs             RSUs vest at the end of the three year period commencing at the      Value of RSUs equals the number of vested RSUs (including Dividend
                 beginning of the fiscal year in which the RSUs are granted, based    Equivalents) multiplied by the weighted average trading price of the
                 on continued employment.                                             Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately before
                 Effective as of fiscal 2021, all RSUs outstanding benefit from the   valuation date.
                 accrual of Dividend Equivalents.
                 In order to increase the alignment of executives’ and
                 shareholders’ interests, executives, who are subject to the share
                 ownership requirement, can voluntarily elect to receive DSUs
                 instead of RSUs.
DSUs             DSUs (subject to the exception of Matching DSUs) vest                Value of DSUs equals the number of vested DSUs (including Dividend
                 immediately but may not be exercised until the executives’           Equivalents) multiplied by the weighted average trading price of the
                 employment with the company ceases.                                  Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately before the
                 DSUs benefit from the accrual of Dividend Equivalents.               payout date.
                 In order to increase the alignment of executives’ and
                 shareholders’ interests, executives, who are subject to the share
                 ownership requirement, can voluntarily elect to receive DSUs
                 instead of RSUs.
                 In addition, all executives of the Corporation’s global leadership
                 team can elect to defer up to 50% of their short-term incentive
                 payout into a grant of DSUs, with the Corporation matching 25%
                 of the first 50% deferrable portion of the short-term incentive
                 into additional DSUs, as described below.
Matching DSUs Matching DSUs correspond to a match at a rate of 25% of any             Same as DSUs above.
              short-term incentive award amount paid out that an eligible
              participant elects to defer and receive in the form of DSUs. This
              25%-match is applicable on up to 50% of the total deferrable
              short-term incentive amount that any eligible participant is
              entitled to.
              Subject to limited exceptions, the Matching DSUs vest over three
              years at a rate of 1/3 per anniversary year, but their settlement is
              deferred.

Further information on the Corporation’s long-term incentive plans is included in Appendix C of this Circular.
Indirect compensation
Executives receive retirement and other benefits as part of a competitive total compensation package.
Retirement benefits include a defined contribution plan for executives in Canada and Europe, and non-qualified defined
contribution plan in the U.S., as well as a supplemental retirement benefit (see page 75 to read more about retirement benefits).
Other benefits include a company vehicle, a health cost reimbursement program (disability, group life, accident, health and travel
insurance) and financial planning as part of a competitive package to attract and retain high-performing executives.

                                                                                                                                                       66

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Executives and other regular full-time employees can also participate in our Employee Share Purchase Plan (“ESPP”). Since fiscal
2021, executives can contribute up to 10% of their annual base salary to purchase Shares and, unlike other employees, are not
required to wait one year of continuous service prior to doing so. Contributions are made by payroll deduction and the Corporation
makes matching contributions of 25% of each participant’s contribution up to a maximum of $1,250 per year. Participants receive
dividends paid on our Shares. Contributions can be made to a registered retirement savings plan ("RRSP"), a non-registered account
or a tax-free savings account ("TFSA").

Compensation Mix
We emphasize at-risk pay to motivate the executive team to execute the business plan, in line with our strategy and values, and to
create value for our shareholders over time. Total pay at risk of not being paid includes the short-term incentive as well as the long-
term incentives, namely PSUs representing 65% of awarded share units, RSUs representing 35% of awarded share units, Matching
DSUs, and 100% of awarded stock options.


                                        CEO                                        NEOs other than CEO




                               Salary (15%)                                             Salary (25%)
                               Annual short-term incentive (2%)                         Annual short-term incentive (3%)
                               Share units, excluding DSUs (45%)                        Share units, excluding DSUs (30%)
                               DSUs (22%)                                               DSUs (15%)
                               Stock options (16%)                                      Stock options (27%)




Annual Compensation Review Process on Management of Risk

Role of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
The Board has given the HRCG Committee the mandate, among other things, to review and recommend senior executive
compensation components and policies, to ensure that they are consistent with best practices while also considering new
compensation trends. The HRCG Committee oversees our executive compensation program, leadership succession plans and Board
succession. It also helps the Board fulfill its responsibilities relating to human resources, director compensation and corporate
governance.
The HRCG Committee is made up of four independent directors: Mélanie Kau (committee chair), Jean Bernier, Janice L. Fields, and
Louis Têtu. Each of them is qualified and experienced.

                                                               Skills and experience

                                     Compensation/       Senior
                                     labour relations/   executive         Corporate         Industry
                                     human resources     leadership        governance        experience
Mélanie Kau, Committee chair                 ü                     ü              ü                 ü
Jean Bernier                                 ü                     ü              ü                 ü
Janice L. Fields                             ü                     ü              ü                 ü
Louis Têtu                                   ü                     ü              ü                 ü
None of the members of the HRCG Committee is or has been indebted towards the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or has had
an interest in any material transaction involving the Corporation during the course of fiscal 2025.
The HRCG Committee reviews our corporate performance and relative shareholder return and evaluates individual performance
when making its decisions about executive pay for the year. It also reviews the compensation packages for the Founder and




                                                                                                                                 67

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Executive Chairman, President and CEO, and the other Executive Officers including the NEOs for the previous year and assesses
overall market competitiveness.
The HRCG Committee makes recommendations to the Board for its review and approval, including target compensation and actual
awards and any changes to our human resources and compensation policies and programs.
Our decision-making process
We have a thorough and disciplined process for making decisions about executive compensation.



 1                          2                          3                         4                          5
 Review                     Set performance            Conduct an                Assess                     Award
 compensation               targets and                ongoing                   corporate and              compensation
 program                    objectives                 review of the             individual
                                                       market and                performance
                                                       performance

1.   Review compensation program
The HRCG Committee reviews the plan design and target compensation, consulting with its independent advisor, as needed, to
benchmark target compensation for market competitiveness and internal equity. At the same time, the HRCG Committee reviews
the compensation peer group to make sure the companies in the group are relevant and makes any necessary changes.
The HRCG Committee carries out a formal compensation review every two years and makes any recommendations about changes
to compensation policy, individual plans and the overall program to the Board for its review and approval. A formal compensation
benchmark and review was conducted in April 2024. The next formal benchmark will occur in April 2026.

2. Set performance targets and objectives for executive compensation
Based on our strategic plan and annual business plan, management sets and the HRCG Committee approves financial objectives
and performance criteria for annual and long-term incentives. The HRCG Committee also approves KRA and individual objectives for
the President and CEO and each of the other NEOs, including other senior officers based on input from the President and CEO.

3. Conduct an ongoing review of the market and performance
The Board receives regular updates from management at each regular meeting, including a discussion of risks and opportunities.

4. Assess corporate and individual performance
The Board assesses corporate performance under the annual incentive plan to determine the financial component. The HRCG
Committee assesses individual performance of the NEOs against their key result areas and approves an overall individual score for
each that is reflected in the NEOs’ annual performance bonus payout.

5. Award compensation
The HRCG Committee determines annual incentive awards and grants of long-term incentive awards. It reviews the performance
vesting conditions of the performance-based share units awards and determines the payout. It also reviews salaries and approves
any adjustments for the upcoming year within defined parameters approved by the Board.
The Board reviews the HRCG Committee’s analysis and recommendations for incentive awards and approves the awards.
The Board can use its discretion to adjust the recommended awards based on extenuating circumstances.

Role of the Compensation Consultant
The HRCG Committee has retained Willis Towers Watson since 2012 as an independent compensation consultant.
Willis Towers Watson advises the HRCG Committee on the competitiveness of our executive compensation program and reviews the
compensation components and incentive plan design and metrics to make sure they continue to be appropriate. Pension, other
benefits and provisions regarding employment and change of control are not part of this review. Decisions related to executive




                                                                                                                           68

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
compensation remain the responsibility of the HRCG Committee and the Board, who, in determining executive compensation for
fiscal 2025, considered the advice of Willis Towers Watson provided in April 2024 on executive compensation.
The table below shows the fees paid to the independent consultant in the last two fiscal years.

                                                                   2025                      2024
Executive compensation-related fees                               $7,157                  $116,593
All other fees                                                        —                         —
Total                                                             $7,157                  $116,593

The external consultant conducts this review every two years and completed its last review in April 2024. Their review addressed
base salary, short-term and long-term-incentives, and the results were used to assess any potential gap between the market median
and internal compensation levels.
Based on recommendation contained in the external benchmarking report delivered by Willis Towers Watson in April 2024, the
HRCG Committee recommended, and the Board approved, changes to the compensation levels for some Executive Leadership
Team positions, however, no structural changes to the NEOs compensation policies were required, other than the following changes
taking effect at the start of fiscal 2026:

        ▪   changes to NEOs salary ranges based on inflation and market conditions; and
        ▪   value of the vehicle allowance were increased based on market factors.

Managing compensation related risk
We recognize that some level of risk-taking is needed to drive the entrepreneurial spirit, stay competitive and achieve the growth
our shareholders expect.
The HRCG Committee is committed to ensuring our compensation program supports our long-term growth and does not encourage
excessive risk-taking. It regularly reviews the design of our incentive plans and also makes sure we have appropriate policies in
place to encourage proper conduct and sound decision-making.
The Corporation uses, among other things, the following practices to discourage or mitigate inappropriate risk taking:
  ▪ the majority of executive compensation is variable (at-risk) and based on performance (see page 61);
  ▪ the Board approves the Corporation’s strategic plan, annual budgets, and financial and other targets, which are considered in
    the context of assessing performance and awarding incentives;
  ▪ there is an appropriate mix of pay, including fixed and performance-based compensation with short and longer-term
    performance conditions and vesting periods;
  ▪ base salaries are established to provide regular income, regardless of share price;
  ▪ annual short-term incentive awards are capped and based on the achievement of a number of financial and strategic
    performance objectives;
  ▪ long-term equity-based incentive grants, if and when granted, are approved by the Board;
  ▪ when considering the approval of bonus payout and long-term incentive grants, if any, the Board considers whether the
    anticipated costs are reasonable relative to the Corporation’s projected and actual income, and amounts are not paid under the
    Corporation’s annual incentive plans until achievement of the relevant financial results have been confirmed by audited
    financial statements of the Corporation;
  ▪ the Corporation’s performance-based long-term incentives are comprised of PSUs which fully vest after only three years, and
    which pay out based on the achievement of performance criteria, ensuring that executives remain exposed to the risks of their
    decisions and vesting periods align with risk realization periods. RSUs fully vest after three years of their issuance and their
    intrinsic value lies in the long term performance of the share price, thereby aligning interests of the executives with those of the
    shareholders;
  ▪ the Corporation has implemented an Executive Share Ownership Requirement for the NEOs and other key executive officers of
    the Corporation;
  ▪ the executives may not purchase financial instruments to hedge a decrease in the market value of the Shares held for the
    purpose of the share ownership requirement;
  ▪ the Corporation has adopted an executive compensation clawback policy (the “Clawback Policy”) which allows it to require
    repayment of incentive compensation under certain circumstances (see below for additional details on this policy);



                                                                                                                                  69

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
  ▪ the HRCG Committee maintains overall discretion to adjust annual incentive payouts to take into account both unexpected and
    extraordinary events;
  ▪ employees, officers and directors and others associated with our Corporation must abide by our Ethics Code of Conduct and
    make sure to always protect Alimentation Couche-Tard’s property and assets, exercise good judgment, treat everyone with
    respect, and act ethically and responsibly in everything they do; and
  ▪ the Corporation has adopted an Insider Trading Policy, pursuant to which insiders may not trade our securities on information
    that has not yet been publicly released, or tip information to anyone outside the Corporation, consistent with securities
    legislation.

The Board and the HRCG Committee believe the Corporation’s compensation plans are designed and administered with the
appropriate balance of risk and reward, do not encourage excessive risk-taking behaviour and are not likely to have a material
adverse effect on the Corporation.

Clawback
The Clawback Policy allows the Board to require the reimbursement of short-term and long-term compensation received by certain
officers and other senior management employees, if such compensation was paid in whole or in part as a result of gross negligence,
intentional misconduct, fraud, embezzlement or other serious misconduct, or in the event of a restatement of the Corporation's
financial statements resulting from material non-compliance with any applicable requirements pursuant to applicable laws, and in
circumstances where the Board determines, in its sole discretion, that such individual would not have been entitled to such
compensation had a restatement of financial statements not been required. The Clawback Policy was last amended in June 2023.
Recovery under the Clawback Policy is limited to compensation paid, granted, awarded to, or earned by, or vested in favour of any
covered officer or senior management employee in the then current fiscal year and in the immediately preceding three financial
years and may be implemented through various forms, including reimbursement, deduction from salary or future payments, grants
or awards of incentive compensation, or cancellation or forfeiture of vested or unvested grants held by the covered individual.

Benchmarking
We consider each executive role to maintain internal equity. We also benchmark our compensation against other companies to
make sure we are competitive with the market.
We use a compensation peer group made up of companies we compete with for executive talent and position our total target
compensation for executives around the median of the peer group. Actual awards can be higher or lower depending on
performance.
Willis Towers Watson assists the HRCG Committee by reviewing the compensation peer group to make sure it stays relevant. It
conducts research and analysis, using four criteria to select appropriate companies for the peer group:
  ▪ public companies operating in North America;
  ▪ companies in similar industries: food retail, drug retail, apparel retail, customer staples merchandise retail, computer and
    electronics retail and restaurants;
  ▪ companies with annual revenue ranging from USD$15 billion to USD$242 billion;
  ▪ companies with similar profitability ratios.
Our compensation peer group was last reviewed in fiscal 2024 and is composed of the following 13 Canadian and U.S. companies:

Compensation peer group
Canada                                         United States
  ▪ Loblaw Companies Limited                     • Costco Wholesale Corporation          ▪   Best Buy Co., Inc.
  ▪ Empire Company Limited                       • The Kroger Co.                        ▪   Dollar General Corporation
  ▪ Metro Inc.                                   • Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.        ▪   Starbucks Corporation
                                                 • Target Corp.                          ▪   Dollar Tree, Inc.
                                                 • The TJX Companies, Inc.               ▪   Casey's General Stores, Inc




                                                                                                                            70

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
The table below shows our ranking compared to the median of Canadian companies, U.S. companies and the peer group overall.

                                                  Median statistics in relation to Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.

                                                                                                 Market
                                                     Revenue           Net income      capitalization as
                                              last fiscal year      last fiscal year   at April 25, 2025      Number of
                                               (US$ millions)        (US$ millions)       (US$ millions)      employees
 Compensation peer group                             $43,452                 $1,661             $20,578          220,000
 Canadian companies only                             $22,764                   $690             $16,336          128,000
 U.S. companies only                                 $48,835                 $3,601             $32,289          322,500
 Alimentation Couche-Tard                            $69,264                 $2,732             $49,527          146,000
 Percentile ranking                                         69                   54                  77                  31


Executive Share Ownership Requirement
 Our equity ownership requirements ensure that our executives have a stake in our future
 success and that their interests are aligned with those of our shareholders. Requirements vary                                         EXECUTIVES AS OWNERS
 by level and executives must meet their ownership requirement within five years of assuming                                            We believe our executives
 a position subject to such requirement. NEOs can count the Shares and DSUs they hold directly                                          should feel like owners and
 and indirectly toward meeting the requirement but cannot include performance share units or                                            should have a significant
 restricted share units. We use the acquisition price or the market value of the holdings at the                                        stake in the Corporation.
 time we assess their equity ownership, whichever is higher, to value their ownership.

 In order to increase the alignment of executives’ and shareholders’ interests, executives can voluntarily elect to receive DSUs
 instead of RSUs. In addition, following amendments to our DSUP, NEOs and other executives are able to participate in our DSUP
 by electing to receive up to 50% of their short-term incentive award payout in DSUs instead of cash, (the “DSU Voluntary
 Election”), and the Corporation incentivizes this voluntary election by granting additional DSUs equal to 25% of the number of
 DSUs credited to the account of such executive pursuant to their DSU Voluntary Election (the “DSU Match”). The DSU Match vests
 over a period of three years (one third (1/3) per year) from the date of grant of such DSU Match. This election is designed to enable
 our executives to attain their respective shareholding levels as required under the Corporation’s Shareholding Guidelines. For
 more information about our DSUP please go to page 95 of this Circular.

The table below shows each NEO’s equity ownership as at April 27, 2025. We used the closing price on the TSX on April 25, 2025, the
last trading day of fiscal 2025, to calculate the value of the Shares ($72.42).

                                                                                                                                                           Meets share
                                                                                                       Shares and Awards owned                             ownership
                                                                                                       as at April 27, 2025                                requirements
                                                                             Equity ownership                                                              or date by
                                                                                  requirement                                     (2)             Total    which it
                                                                                                                          DSUs
                                                           2025 base salary (multiple of salary)       Common Shares                       market value    should be met
 Alain Bouchard                                                  $1,470,060            5x                  123,380,609        36,753      $8,937,885,356   yes
 Founder and Executive Chairman
                                                     (1)
 Alex Miller                                                     $1,436,310            5x                      38,537         69,390         $7,816,073    yes
 President and Chief Executive Officer
 Filipe Da Silva                                                   $741,347            3x                          550         7,777           $603,041    July 2028
 Chief Financial Officer
 Louise Warner                                                     $733,641            1.5x                         —         20,593         $1,491,345    yes
 EVP North America Operations & Global
 Commercial Optimization
 Ed Dzadovsky                                                      $681,339            1.5x                      1,673        14,644         $1,181,677    yes
 Chief Technology Officer
(1)
      Mr. Miller was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer on September 6, 2024.
(2)
      This amount includes vested DSUs only.




                                                                                                                                                                   71

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Description of Compensation paid to Named Executive Officers in 2025
Base salary
Messrs. Miller, Hannasch, Dzadovsky and Ms. Warner are paid in U.S. dollars and their amounts have been converted to Canadian
dollars using the annual average exchange rates for each fiscal year, 1.3937 for fiscal 2025 and 1.3502 for fiscal 2024.

                                                                              2025               2024
 Alain Bouchard
                                                                        $1,470,060          $1,470,060
 Founder and Executive Chairman
 Alex Miller                                            (1)
                                                                        $1,436,310          $1,080,160
 President and Chief Executive Officer
 Brian Hannasch                                         (2)
                                                                          $929,321          $2,118,741
 Former President and Chief Executive Officer
 Filipe Da Silva                                        (3)
                                                                          $741,347           $691,621
 Chief Financial Officer
 Louise Warner
 EVP North America Operations & Global                                    $733,641                  —
 Commercial Optimization
 Ed Dzadovsky
                                                                          $681,339                  —
 Chief Technology Officer
(1)
    Mr. Miller was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer on September 6, 2024. His base salary increased from $1,157,304 to $1,602,720 following this
nomination.
(2)
    Mr. Hannasch stepped down as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation effective September 6, 2024. He stayed on as an employee with the
Corporation and will continue as such until October 3, 2026. His base salary decreased from $2,200,722 to $222,987 following this change in position.
(3)
      In fiscal 2024, Mr. Da Silva was appointed Chief Financial Officer on July 1, 2023.

Annual short-term incentive plan
NEOs are entitled to receive short-term incentive awards for achieving or exceeding pre-determined goals derived from the annual
business plan. The HRCG Committee aligns the Corporation’s short-term incentive metrics with the Corporation’s strategic plan and
selects financial performance indicators that are part of the Corporation’s annual business plan and long-term strategic plan and
are highly correlated with value creation for Shareholders. The HRCG Committee reviewed the Corporation’s results and assessed
the President and CEO’s performance against his goals and also analyzed and discussed with the President and CEO the
performance of the other NEOs and executives of the Corporation in order to recommend their respective short-term incentive
award payments to the Board for approval.
For fiscal 2025, the NEOs’ short-term incentive was dependent at 75% upon the achievement of a company-wide financial target (net
earnings), and the remaining 25% upon the achievement of individual KRAs.
Net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Corporation of USD $2.6 billion resulted in an achievement of 85.59% of the
company-wide financial target. Since our short-term incentive program provides a sliding scale for performance achievement of our
company-wide financial target from zero to 250%, less than 90% achievement translated in no payout.
Regarding the individual component, the NEOs were each assigned four key result areas. We do not disclose specific individual
objectives for competitive reasons. Individual objectives are quantitative and qualitative and some objectives stem from our
strategic planning process and extend beyond a fiscal year. Disclosing them would expose the Corporation to serious prejudice and
weaken our competitive advantage. The attainment of the individual component averaged 67.33% for the NEOs. This achievement
level was lower than historical performance consistent with the overall financial achievement of the company and reflective of the
company’s performance based compensation model. Messrs. Bouchard, Miller and Hannasch have individual KRAs that contained
ESG elements.




                                                                                                                                                          72

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
The following table shows their respective overall achievement of these key result areas combined:
                                                          2025 overall
                                                          individual
 Individual component                                     component
 (25%)                                                    achievement
 Alain Bouchard
                                                               90.0%
 Founder and Executive Chairman
 Alex Miller
                                                               56.0%
 President and Chief Executive Officer
 Brian Hannasch                                     (1)
                                                               55.0%
 Former President and Chief Executive Officer
 Filipe Da Silva
                                                               83.0%
 Chief Financial Officer
 Louise Warner
 EVP North America Operations & Global                         46.0%
 Commercial Optimization
 Ed Dzadovsky
                                                               74.0%
 Chief Technology Officer
(1)
  Mr. Hannasch stepped down as President and Chief Executive Officer
of the Corporation effective September 6, 2024. He stayed on as an
employee with the Corporation and will continue as such until
October 3, 2026.

The short-term incentive award target, consolidated performance metrics, weighting and actual results and payout for fiscal 2025
are set out in the following table:

                                                                        Corporate
                                                                         financial                                                                     2025
                                                                       component             Individual                                                Actual
                                                  Target                   (net                                    Actual                            Payout
                                                                                                                                                           (2)(3)
                                                                                            component                                      (1)
                                                incentive      x [       earnings)      +                 ] =     Payout        x   Salary       =
                                                                                            (% achieved                                                 ($ or
                                               (% of salary)           (20% x 75%)                              (% of salary)
                                                                                              x 25%)                                                 Matching
                                                                       (sliding scale                                                                  DSUs)
                                                                       up to 250%)
 Alain Bouchard
 Founder and Executive Chairman
                                                   50%         x            —%          +     22.50%      =        11.25%       x   $1,470,060   =    $165,382

 Alex Miller
 President and Chief Executive Officer   (4)       125%        x            —%          +     14.00%      =        17.50%       x   $1,030,320   =    $180,306
 Former Chief Operating Officer                    75%         x            —%          +     14.00%      =        10.50%       x   $405,990     =     $42,629
 Brian Hannasch
 Former President and Chief
                                         (5)
                                                   125%        x            —%          +     13.75%      =        17.19%       x   $929,321     =    $135,089
 Executive Officer
 Filipe Da Silva
 Chief Financial Officer
                                                   75%         x            —%          +     20.75%      =        15.56%       x   $741,347     =    $115,372

 Louise Warner
 EVP North America Operations &                    75%         x            —%          +     11.50%      =        8.63%        x   $733,641     =     $63,277
 Global Commercial Optimization
 Ed Dzadovsky
 Chief Technology Officer
                                                   75%         x            —%          +     18.50%      =        13.88%       x   $681,339     =     $94,536

 (1)
     Messrs. Miller, Hannasch, Dzadovsky and Ms. Warner are paid in U.S. dollars. Their amounts have been converted to Canadian dollars using the annual
     average exchange rate for the year of 1.3937.
 (2)
     Mr. Miller elected to receive a portion of his short-term incentive in Matching DSUs instead of cash.
 (3)
     The percentages used in this table have been rounded.
 (4)
     Mr. Miller's bonus was prorated based on the time he occupied his role as Chief Operating Officer until September 6, 2024, and based on his nomination as
     President and Chief Executive Officer effective September 6, 2024.
 (5)
     Mr. Hannasch stepped down as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation effective September 6, 2024. He stayed on as an employee with the
     Corporation and will continue as such until October 3, 2026. He is no longer eligible for the annual performance bonus payout. His salary above represents
     the salary Mr. Hannasch earned in his role as President and Chief Executive Officer and his actual bonus calculation was subject to a pro-rata based on time
     he occupied this role.




                                                                                                                                                           73

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Long-term incentive plan
Payout of the 2022 long-term incentive awards

 The share units awards granted in fiscal 2022 vested on April 28, 2024 and were paid out in
 late July 2024, with a performance factor of 65% based on our achievement of four equally
 weighted measures and a time-based component weighted at 35%. NEOs may elect to receive
 the time-based components in either DSUs or RSUs.                                                                      PAY FOR PERFORMANCE

 The overall achievement of the four performance criteria is 82.5% based on achieving some                              PSU payout is based on the
 level of payout based on the sliding scale for three out of the four performance criteria and                          achievement of performance
 only one which the minimum was not achieved. These criteria were determined at the time of                             objectives that are
 the grant and included same-store convenience gross profit dollars, same-store road                                    established at the time of
 transportation fuel gross profit dollars, return on capital employed (“ROCE”), and, as in the                          the award.
 previous years, an ESG metric was also part of the performance measures, namely employee                               The actual value of the
 engagement.                                                                                                            units that vest is based on
 The price of our Shares increased from $45.60 at the time of grant to $77.93 when the Share                            the market value of our
 were paid out, representing a 41.49% increase over the three-year period.                                              shares at the end of the
                                                                                                                        three-year period.




                                                 Corporate
                                                 performance     Time vested
                                                                                                       Number
                                                                 employment                                           Market
                                                 factor                              Share Unit        of                                           Realize
                                                                 service                                              price
                                            [    achievement   + factor          ] = vesting         x Share        x of our      = Payout(3)       d value
                                                                                                                                                    as a %
                                                 (0 to 100%)                         factor            Units
                                                                 x                                                    Shares                        of
                                    Grant        x                                                     granted                                      grant
                                                                 35%
                                    date         65%                                                                                                value
 Alain Bouchard
 Founder and Executive              2021/07/09      53.63%     +      35%         =       88.63%     x    55,683     x $77.93      =   $3,845,749   151%
 Chairman
 Alex Miller
 President and Chief                2021/07/09      53.63%     +      35%         =       88.63%     x     7,436     x $77.93      =    $513,605    151%
 Executive Officer
 Brian Hannasch
                              (2)
 Former President and Chief         2021/07/09      53.63%     +      35%         =       88.63%     x    105,608    x $77.93      =   $7,293,851   151%
 Executive Officer
 Filipe Da Silva              (1)
 Chief Financial Officer
 Louise Warner
 EVP North America
                                    2021/07/09      53.63%     +      35%         =       88.63%     x     4,802     x $77.93      =    $331,653    151%
 Operations & Global
 Commercial Optimization
 Ed Dzadovsky
                                    2021/07/09      53.63%     +      35%         =       88.63%     x     1,963     x $77.93      =    $135,591    151%
 Chief Technology Officer
(1)
    Mr. Da Silva was not employed by the Corporation on the grant date.
(2)
    Mr. Hannasch stepped down as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation effective September 6, 2024. He stayed on as an employee with the
Corporation and will continue as such until October 3, 2026.
(3)
    For those NEOs who elected to have share units awarded in DSU rather than RSUs, the amount presented includes the value of those DSUs which will be paid
upon termination of employment.

About the 2025 long-term incentive awards
On July 8, 2024, NEOs were awarded long-term incentive awards composed of Share Units of which 65% are PSUs, and 35% are
either RSUs or DSUs at the election of each NEO. These 2025 Share Units will vest on April 25, 2027 and their valuation date will be
July 5, 2027.
The 2025 PSUs are subject to the achievement of four performance measures, each weighted 25%, specifically same-store
convenience gross profit dollars, same-store road transportation fuel gross profit dollars, ROCE, and employee engagement. The


                                                                                                                                                     74

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
overall score for the four measures will determine the number of 2025 PSUs that vest. We do not disclose the details of the results
compared to measures for competitive reasons.
The 2025 DSUs that some executives elected to receive instead of their RSUs vested immediately as per the DSUP but will only
become payable to the NEOs upon them ceasing to be an employee of the Corporation.
To determine the appropriate value of long-term incentive grants provided to the NEOs, the HRCG Committee considers the
practices of our peer group and external market data, as well as internal factors including executive retention, dilutive impact and
long-term value creation.
On May 1, 2024, stock options were awarded to NEOs, the executive team and certain key employees as part of the Corporation's
long-term incentive plan based on the applicable percentage of the base salary of the covered employee using the Black Scholes
valuation methodology.
The table below shows the 2025 long-term incentives awarded to the NEOs and the weighting allocation between share units and
stock options.
                                      2025 target long-
                                      term incentive
                                      awards (as a %       Options/PSU/RSU/DSU Options award        PSU award      RSU award       DSU award     Total award
                                      of base salary)                 Target Mix        value            value          value           value           value
Alain Bouchard                                            52% Options + 31% PSUs    $3,101,820       $1,829,439             —        $985,161     $5,916,420
Founder and Executive                       402%           + 0% RSUs + 17% DSUs
Chairman
Alex Miller                                               20% Options + 52% PSUs    $1,555,813       $4,006,327             —       $2,157,228    $7,719,368
                                (1)
President and Chief Executive               537%           + 0% RSUs + 28% DSUs
Officer
Brian Hannasch                                            23% Options + 50% PSUs    $2,589,018       $5,506,771             —        2,965,221   $11,061,010
                                (2)
Former President and Chief                 1190%           + 0% RSUs + 27% DSUs
Executive Officer
Filipe Da Silva                                           20% Options + 52% PSUs      $412,486       $1,031,572             —        $555,522     $1,999,580
                                            270%
Chief Financial Officer                                    + 0% RSUs + 28% DSUs
Louise Warner                                             15% Options + 55% PSUs      $203,892        $770,897              —        $415,150     $1,389,939
EVP North America               (3)                        + 0% RSUs + 30% DSUs
                                            189%
Operations & Global
Commercial Optimization
Ed Dzadovsky                                              20% Options + 52% PSUs      $170,773        $446,994              —        $240,773       $858,540
                                            126%
Chief Technology Officer                                   + 0% RSUs + 28% DSUs
(1)
    Mr. Miller was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer on September 6, 2024. The values presented reflect the pro-rated amounts for the period of
time he acted in his current and previous role.
(2)
    Mr. Hannasch stepped down as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation effective September 6, 2024. He stayed on as an employee with the
Corporation and will continue as such until October 3, 2026. The values presented reflect the pro-rated amounts for the period of time he acted as President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation.
(3)
    Ms. Warner changed role during the year. The values presented reflect the pro-rated amounts for the period of time she acted in each of those roles.
Value
The valuation method used to establish stock option grants was the Black-Scholes model, using the assumptions on page 81.
Currency exchange rate
The currency exchange rate used for purposes of establishing share awards on July 8, 2024 for Messrs. Miller, Hannasch, Dzadovsky and Ms. Warner in
equivalent U.S. dollars at the date of award was 1.3633 and the currency exchange rate used for purposes of establishing stock options awards on May 1, 2024
for Messrs. Miller, Hannasch, Dzadovsky and Ms. Warner in equivalent to U.S. dollars at the date of the award was 1.3642. There was another grant awarded
on March 28, 2025, the currency exchange rate used for purposes of establishing share awards and stock option awards for Mr. Miller and Ms. Warner in
equivalent U.S. dollars on this date was 1.4302.

Retirement benefits
We offer a registered pension plan for Canadian executives, non-qualified deferred compensation plans for U.S. executives and
supplemental retirement plans for Canadian and U.S. executives.
Canada
NEOs in Canada participate in the following plans:
Registered pension plan (funded according to applicable legislation in Canada)
  ▪ Canadian registered pension plan (RPP)
Supplemental retirement plans (unfunded plans)
  ▪ Canadian supplemental retirement program (basic DB SERP)
  ▪ Canadian enhanced supplemental retirement program (enhanced DB SERP)
  ▪ Defined contribution supplemental executive retirement program (DC SERP)

                                                                                                                                                       75

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
RPP DB component, basic DB SERP and enhanced DB SERP
The RPP comprises a defined benefit (DB) component and a defined contribution (DC) component. At the end of fiscal 2016, we
modified our defined benefit plans for executives in Canada to freeze accruals and replaced them with defined contribution
benefits.
The DB component of the RPP, in conjunction with the basic DB SERP or the enhanced DB SERP, as applicable, provide an annual
retirement income equal to 2% per year of credited service, multiplied by the final average salary of the executive’s three best years
(and 50% of the annual incentive, the incentive being limited to 100% of base salary, for credited service in the enhanced DB SERP),
with no offset for any payment from the Canada and Québec pension plans. The normal retirement age is 65, however participants
can retire early with an un-reduced pension from age 62 (age 60 for credited service in the enhanced DB SERP) and with a reduced
pension from age 55. The normal form of pension under the RPP is a 67% joint and survivor annuity with a five-year guarantee.
The normal form of pension under the basic DB SERP is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for five years.
The normal form of pension under the enhanced DB SERP is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for the first five years and a 50% joint
and survivor annuity for the following five years; there is no death benefit after 10 years.
RPP DC component and DC SERP
The Corporation contributes an amount equal to 12% of the executive’s base salary to the DC component of the RPP up to the limit
imposed by legislation, and the excess amount on a notional basis to the DC SERP.
Benefits under the DC component of the RPP are payable as a tax-sheltered transfer to an eligible retirement vehicle. Benefits
under the DC SERP are paid as a lump sum or in annual installments of up to five years.
Who participates
Mr. Bouchard participates in the DB component of the RPP and the enhanced DB SERP. He commenced receipt of his monthly
benefits in fiscal 2021 under both plans, per the statutory requirements.
Mr. Da Silva participates in the DC component of the RPP and the DC SERP.
United States
NEOs in the U.S. can participate in the following plans:
  ▪ U.S. supplemental defined benefit retirement program (U.S. DB SERP)
  ▪ Non-qualified deferred compensation plan (non-qualified plan)
  ▪ Non-qualified deferred compensation plan that was established in fiscal 2017 (new non-qualified plan)
  ▪ 401(k) plan (historical contributions only as it pertains to Mr. Hannasch)
At the end of fiscal 2016 we froze accruals under the U.S. DB SERP and participation in the non-qualified plan for executives other
than Top Level Participants and replaced them with the new non-qualified plan.
U.S. DB SERP
The U.S. DB SERP is an unfunded, non-qualified defined benefit plan that provides an annual retirement income equal to 2% per
year of credited service, multiplied by the final average base salary of the executive’s three best years (and 50% of the annual
incentive, the incentive being limited to 100% of base salary, for Top-Level Participants), offset by the value of company matching
contributions made to the non-qualified plan and to the 401(k) plan during the same period of credited service, and with no offset
for social security benefits. The normal retirement age is 65, however executives can retire early with an unreduced pension from
age 62 (age 60 for credited service as a Top-Level Participant) and with a reduced pension from age 55. Upon termination of
employment before age 55, the vested accrued pension is payable from age 65.
The normal form of pension under the U.S. DB SERP is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for five years. For benefits in respect of
credited service as a Top-Level Participant, it is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for the first five years and a 50% joint and survivor
annuity for the following five years; there is no death benefit after 10 years.
Non-qualified plan and new non-qualified plan
Under the non-qualified plan and the new non-qualified plan, participants can defer up to 25% of their base salary and up to 100%
of their pre-tax annual incentive. The Corporation makes a matching contribution to the non-qualified plan equal to 100% of
employee deferrals to this plan, up to 7% of their base salary.
Under the new non-qualified plan, contributions of 8% of base salary are made by the Corporation as of the date the participant
was appointed to an executive position. Executives other than Top-Level Participants who were participating in the U.S. DB SERP and
in the non-qualified plan at the time these plans were frozen receive a contribution that is greater than 8% and that varies by
individual. Mr. Miller is one of such individuals, and his annual contribution rate from the Corporation is 20.8%.
Participants choose to have their contributions deposited in a retirement account or an in-service account or allocated between the
two. Company contributions are deposited in retirement accounts.
Participants choose to notionally invest their contributions and those of the Corporation from a range of options provided under
the plans. The investment funds provided under the plans are selected by the Corporation, and the Corporation may elect to


                                                                                                                                76

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
change them from time to time, at the discretion of the plan administrator. Participants may alter their investment fund choices up
to six times per year.
Retirement accounts allow income to be paid as a lump sum or in annual installments for up to ten years when the participant
retires, and as a lump sum when employment is terminated before retirement. In-service accounts also have these features, and
also allow participants to access the income five years after deferral.
The plans are not funded; however, the Corporation sets aside assets in a rabbi trust and attempts to mirror the participants’
hypothetical earnings in these plans.
401(k) plan
The 401(k) plan is a tax-qualified plan that is funded in accordance with applicable laws. Participation in the 401(k) plan generally
ceases when participants join the non-qualified plan or the new non-qualified plan.
Who participates
Mr. Hannasch is accruing benefits in the U.S. DB SERP (since 2008 as a Top-Level Participant) and the non-qualified plan. He also
accrued benefits under the 401(k) plan prior to joining the non-qualified plan. Mr. Miller, Mr. Dzadovsky, and Ms. Warner participate
in the new non-qualified plan and Mr. Miller also accrued benefits in the U.S. DB SERP and the non-qualified plan up to the date that
these plans were frozen for participants other than Top-Level Participants.
Pension benefits table – defined benefit plans
The table below sets out the pension benefits earned by each NEO as at the end of fiscal 2025 under the Corporation’s defined
benefit pension plans. The present values of defined benefit obligations at the beginning and end of the fiscal year are based on the
same actuarial assumptions and methods used in our audited financial statements to determine our obligations under the DB
retirement plans at these dates.
                                                                                                    Opening
                                                                                                     present
                                                                       Annual benefits payable       value of                                   Closing present
                          Number of years
                           credited service              At year end                 At age 65       defined                              Non- value of defined
                                                                                                      benefit    Compensatory      compensatory          benefit
                            RPP       SERP         RPP          SERP           RPP       SERP      obligation         change            change        obligation
Alain Bouchard
Founder and
                           14.17      35.00    $66,507    $1,439,588     $66,507     $1,439,588   $24,592,485                 —         $830,192        $25,422,677
Executive Chairman
of the Board
Alex Miller
President and Chief           —        3.50          —       $61,178            —      $61,178       $579,171          $184,369            $8,842          $772,382
Executive Officer
Brian Hannasch
Former President
                              —       23.92          —    $1,019,797            —    $1,408,023   $13,477,164       ($3,213,778)       $5,378,374       $15,641,760
and Chief Executive
Officer

Annual benefits payable                                                                first 5 years, a 50% joint and survivor annuity for the following 5 years and
                                                                                       there is no death benefit after 10 years. Furthermore, payments are
The annual benefit is the lifetime pension payable at the normal                       indexed annually to inflation, subject to a limit of 2% per annum. The
retirement age of 65 based on the final average base salary of the                     normal form of pension for Mr. Hannasch’s period of service other than as
executive’s three best years as at April 27, 2025 (increased for service in            a Top-Level Participant and for Mr. Miller is an annuity guaranteed for 5
the enhanced SERP by the lesser of 50% of the actual bonus paid and 50%                years.
of the base salary) and based on years of credited service at year end or as
                                                                                       Compensatory change
of age 65. Mr. Bouchard began receiving his monthly benefits under the
RPP and enhanced DB SERP effective October 1, 2020; the amounts shown                  The compensatory change is the value of the projected benefit earned for
are those actually in payment as of April 27, 2025.                                    fiscal 2025, including the impact on the obligation of the difference
                                                                                       between actual earnings and those estimated, as well as the impact of any
The annual benefits shown for Messrs. Hannasch and Miller are net of the
                                                                                       plan changes.
equivalent pension provided from company matching contributions to the
non-qualified deferred compensation plan and the 401(k) plan that were                 Non-compensatory change
made after the SERP entry date.
                                                                                       The non-compensatory change is the value of items other than
Mr. Bouchard’s payments under the RPP and enhanced DB SERP include a                   compensatory, such as interest on the accrued obligation at the start of
66% joint and survivor benefit with a 5-year guarantee. The payments are               the fiscal year, changes in assumptions, change in exchange rates and
indexed annually to inflation (limited to 2% per annum in the case of the              other experience gains and losses for fiscal 2025. In the case of Mr.
enhanced DB SERP).                                                                     Bouchard, it also reflects the reduction in value corresponding to the
                                                                                       benefits paid to him in the fiscal year
The normal form of pension for Mr. Hannasch’s period of service as a Top-
Level Participant in the U.S. DB SERP is an annuity guaranteed during the

Pension benefits table – defined contribution plan and deferred compensation plans
The following table shows the benefits earned by each NEO as at the end of fiscal 2025 under the Corporation’s defined contribution
pension plans and its U.S. deferred compensation plans.
Amounts for Mr. Da Silva relate to his participation in the DC component of the RPP and the DC SERP.

                                                                                                                                                             77

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Amounts for Mr. Hannasch, Mr. Miller, Mr. Dzadovsky, and Ms. Warner relate to their participation in the U.S. non-qualified deferred
compensation plans and, in the case of Mr. Hannasch, in the 401(k) plan.
                                                         Accumulated value at                                              Non-compensatory      Accumulated value at year
                                                                                          Compensatory change
                                                            start of fiscal year                                                    change                            end
 Alex Miller
                                                                    $4,105,708                         $326,532                     $1,049,506                   $5,481,746
 President and Chief Executive Officer
 Brian Hannasch
                                            (1)
 Former President and Chief Executive                               $8,840,158                          $78,956                     $1,461,982                  $10,381,096
 Officer
 Filipe Da Silva
                                                                      $101,073                          $88,846                       $14,344                     $204,263
 Chief Financial Officer
 Louise Warner
 EVP North America Operations & Global                                $183,401                          $58,476                        $4,654                     $246,531
 Commercial Optimization
 Ed Dzadovsky
                                                                      $987,253                          $54,359                      $152,316                    $1,193,928
 Chief Technology Officer
(1)
  Mr. Hannasch stepped down as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation effective September 6, 2024. He stayed on as an employee with
the Corporation and will continue as such until October 3, 2026.

Compensatory change                                                                              Non-compensatory change
The compensatory change is the value of company contributions made                               Non-compensatory amounts include employee contributions, where
in fiscal 2025.                                                                                  applicable, and investment returns, net of distributions, as well as the
                                                                                                 effect of changes in exchange rates.

Termination and Change of Control Benefit

With the exception of Mr. Hannasch, we do not have employment agreements with our NEOs. The terms of employment and
any entitlements are set out in the offer of employment each executive received at the time of hire or promotion. The offer
letter includes a description of the role, salary, benefits and vacation, as well as the terms of participating in our incentive plans.
If an NEO’s employment is terminated, his or her entitlements are according to the laws of the jurisdiction where they reside,
and the terms of the incentive plan documents. Upon his appointment to President and Chief Executive Officer on
September 6, 2024, Mr. Miller signed a restrictive covenant agreement, which included a non-compete provision.
Each NEO is subject to non-solicitation and confidentiality provisions to protect the interests of Alimentation Couche-Tard.
The following table shows how each compensation component is treated if employment is terminated.

                                                                                   Termination                 Termination
                  Resignation                     Retirement                       with cause                  without cause               Change in control
 Salary           None                            None                             None                        As required by law          As required by law
 (severance)
 Annual           Forfeited                       Pro-rated for the time           Forfeited                   Forfeited                   Pro-rated for the time
 incentive                                        worked in the fiscal year                                                                worked in the fiscal year
                                                  to the retirement date.                                                                  to the termination date.

 PSUs             Forfeited and cancelled         PSUs remain in effect and All PSUs are                       PSUs remain in effect and   Outstanding PSUs vest
                                                  are payable at the        cancelled.                         are payable at the          immediately and paid out
                                                  end of the three-year                                        end of the three-year       within 5 days following
                                                  term if performance                                          term if performance         termination due to a
                                                                                                                                           change of control.
                                                  conditions are                                               conditions are
                                                  met, pro-rated                                               met, prorated
                                                                                                                                           Outstanding PSUs shall
                                                  to the amount                                                to the amount
                                                                                                                                           be paid and valued as at
                                                  of time actively                                             of time actively
                                                                                                                                           the change of control
                                                  employed during the                                          employed during the         date and the vesting
                                                  Performance Period.                                          Performance Period.         percentage shall in no
                                                                                                                                           case be less than 100%.
 RSUs             Forfeited and cancelled         Outstanding RSUs vest     All RSUs are                       Outstanding RSUs vest       Outstanding RSUs vest
                                                  early and are pro-rated   cancelled.                         early and are pro-rated     immediately and are paid
                                                  and paid within 30 days                                      and paid within 30 days     out within 5 days
                                                  from the retirement date.                                    from the termination        following the termination
                                                                                                               date.                       due to a change of
                                                                                                                                           control.




                                                                                                                                                                       78

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                                                                         Termination                  Termination
              Resignation                  Retirement                    with cause                   without cause                 Change in control
DSUs          Vested DSUs become           Vested DSUs become        All DSUs are                     Vested DSUs become            The Board has discretion
              payable upon the earlier     payable upon the earlier cancelled.                        payable upon the earlier      to make such provision
              of a delivery by the         of a delivery by the                                       of a delivery by the          for the protection of the
              Participant of a             Participant of a                                           Participant of a              rights of the participants
              redemption notice or         redemption notice or                                       redemption notice or          as it considers
              December 1 of the first      December 1 of the first                                    December 1 of the first       appropriate in the
              calendar year following      calendar year following                                    calendar year following       circumstances.
              the termination date and     the termination date and                                   the termination date and
              in the case of a U.S.        in the case of a U.S.                                      in the case of a U.S.
              Participant, on the          Participant, on the                                        Participant, on the
              Distribution Date,           Distribution Date,                                         Distribution Date,
              meaning the earlier of       meaning the earlier of                                     meaning the earlier of
              the date that is six         the date that is six                                       the date that is six
              months and one day           months and one day                                         months and one day
              following the Termination    following the Termination                                  following the Termination
              Date, and the 30th day       Date, and the 30th day                                     Date, and the 30th day
              following the date of        following the date of                                      following the date of
              death of a Participant.      death of a Participant.                                    death of a Participant.
Matching      Unvested                     Unvested Matching DSUs        All Matching DSUs are        Unvested Matching DSUs        The Board has discretion
DSUs          Matching DSUs                will be forfeited and         cancelled.                   will be forfeited and         to make such provision
              are forfeited and            cancelled at the time of                                   cancelled at the time of      for the protection of the
              cancelled.                   the Redemption Date for                                    the Redemption Date for       rights of the participants
              Vested Matching              any U.S. Eligible                                          any U.S. Eligible             as it considers
                                           Employee, or at the time                                   Employee, or at the time      appropriate in the
              DSUs are payable
                                           of the filing of his or her                                of the filing of his or her   circumstances.
              as DSUs (see
                                           final Redemption Notice                                    final Redemption Notice
              above).                      for any other Eligible                                     for any other Eligible
                                           Employee.                                                  Employee.
Options       Vested Options               Options must be               All Options are              Vested Options must           The Board has discretion
              must be exercised            exercised before the          cancelled.                   be exercised within           to make such provision
              within 90 days.              earlier of (i) expiry of                                   90 days.                      for the protection of the
              Unvested Options             the Options, or (ii) the                                   Unvested Options are          rights of the participants
                                                                                                                                    as it considers
              are cancelled.               fourth anniversary of                                      Cancelled.
                                                                                                                                    appropriate in the
                                           the retirement date.
                                                                                                                                    circumstances.
                                           Unvested Options shall
                                           continue to vest during
                                           two years after the
                                           retirement date.
Pension       No additional value          No additional value           No additional value          No additional value           No additional value
ESPP Shares   Shares can be sold or        Shares can be sold or         Shares can be sold or        Shares can be sold or         Shares can be sold or
              transferred to a             transferred to a              transferred to a             transferred to a              transferred to a
              brokerage account            brokerage account nt          brokerage account            brokerage account             brokerage account
              (including an RRSP or        (including an RRSP or         (including an RRSP or        (including an RRSP or         (including an RRSP or
              TFSA) or a share             TFSA) or a share              TFSA) or a share             TFSA) or a share              TFSA) or a share
              certificate will be issued   certificate will be issued    certificate will be issued   certificate will be issued    certificate will be issued
              up until six months after    up until six months after     up until six months after    up until six months after     up until six months after
              the resignation date.        the retirement date.          the termination date.        the termination date.         the termination date.
Benefits      End on resignation           Continue as specified in     End on termination            End on termination            End on termination
                                           the executive’s offer letter

Employment Agreement with Brian Hannasch after stepping down
Mr. Hannasch stepped down as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation effective September 6, 2024. He stayed on
as an employee with the Corporation as a Special Advisor and will continue as such until his retirement on October 3, 2026. The
Corporation’s employment agreement with Mr. Hannasch does not contemplate any payments for termination or change in control
as described above. Under the terms of his employment agreement, Mr. Hannasch as Special Advisor to the Corporation, is subject
to customary non-competition and non-solicitation provisions to protect the interests of the Corporation.




                                                                                                                                                                 79

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
The following table summarizes the incremental payments which would be owed to each NEO in the event of a voluntary
resignation, retirement, termination with cause, termination without cause or following a change of control of the
Corporation, assuming a termination date of April 27, 2025.
                                                                                                    Termination              Termination
                                                              (1)                       (2)                                            (3)                      (4)
                                                  Resignation              Retirement                with cause           without cause        Change of control
Alain Bouchard
Founder and Executive Chairman
Cash severance                                               —                        —                       —                        —                        —
                                     (5)
Annual incentive                                             —                  165,382                       —                        —                  165,382
Share Units                                         $2,662,464               $3,886,778                       —               $3,886,778              $11,198,566
Stock options                                      $26,668,615              $26,668,615                       —              $26,668,615              $26,668,615
TOTAL                                              $29,331,080              $30,720,776                       —              $30,555,394              $38,032,564
Alex Miller
President and Chief Executive
Officer
Cash severance                                               —                        —                       —                        —                        —
                                     (5)
Annual incentive                                             —                 $222,935                       —                        —                 $222,935
Share Units                                         $5,026,222               $5,026,222                       —               $5,026,222              $12,262,789
Stock options                                       $1,236,591               $1,236,591                       —               $1,236,591               $1,236,591
TOTAL                                               $6,262,813               $6,485,748                       —               $6,262,813              $13,722,315
Brian Hannasch
Former President and Chief
Executive Officer
Cash severance                                               —                        —                       —                        —                        —
                                     (5)
Annual incentive                                             —                 $135,089                       —                        —                 $135,089
Share Units                                        $12,064,175              $12,064,175                       —              $12,064,175              $29,636,968
Stock options                                       $6,769,630               $6,769,630                       —               $6,769,630               $6,769,630
TOTAL                                              $18,833,805              $18,968,894                       —              $18,833,805              $36,541,687
Filipe Da Silva
Chief Financial Officer
Cash severance                                               —                        —                       —                        —                        —
                                     (5)
Annual incentive                                             —                  115,372                       —                        —                  115,372
Share Units                                           $563,242               $1,119,672                       —               $1,119,672               $4,219,116
Stock options                                                —                        —                       —                        —                        —
TOTAL                                                 $563,242               $1,235,044                       —               $1,119,672               $4,334,488
Louise Warner
EVP North America Operations &
Global Commercial Optimization
Cash severance                                               —                        —                       —                        —                        —
                                     (5)
Annual incentive                                             —                   63,277                       —                        —                   63,277
Share Units                                         $1,491,612               $1,491,612                       —               $1,491,612               $3,181,098
Stock options                                         $309,612                 $309,612                       —                 $309,612                 $309,612
TOTAL                                               $1,801,223               $1,864,500                       —               $1,801,223               $3,553,987
Ed Dzadovsky
Chief Technology Officer
Cash severance                                               —                        —                       —                        —                        —
                                     (5)
Annual incentive                                             —                   94,536                       —                        —                   94,536
Share Units                                         $1,061,028               $1,061,028                       —               $1,061,028               $2,377,360
Stock options                                          $98,622                  $98,622                       —                  $98,622                  $98,622
TOTAL                                               $1,159,650               $1,254,186                       —               $1,159,650               $2,570,518
 (1)
       Assumes payment of all vested DSUs and stock options valued as of April 27, 2025. All other Share Units are forfeited and cancelled. The vested stock
       options do not represent an incremental grant.
 (2)
       Assumes payment of all vested DSUs, vested stock options, and all vested RSUs pro-rated to the lifespan of each respective award valued as of
       April 27, 2025. The stock options continue to vest for a period of two years following the date of retirement. The vested stock options do not represent an
       incremental grant. PSUs remain in effect and are payable at the end of the three-year term if performance conditions are met, pro-rated to the amount of
       time actively employed during the Performance Period.
 (3)
       Assumes payment of all vested DSUs, vested stock options, and all vested RSUs pro-rated to the lifespan of each respective award valued as of
       April 27, 2025. The vested stock options do not represent an incremental grant. PSUs remain in effect and are payable at the end of the three-year term if
       performance conditions are met, pro-rated to the amount of time actively employed during the Performance Period.
 (4)
       Assumes the immediate vesting and payment of all DSUs, PSUs and RSUs. PSUs are valued at 100%. Also assumes that the Board uses its discretion and
       determines that all vested stock options shall be paid immediately as of April 27, 2025. The vested stock options do not represent an incremental grant.
 (5)
       Subject to applicable law.

                                                                                                                                                           80

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Key Compensation Tables
Summary compensation table
The table below shows the total compensation awarded to each NEO for the fiscal years ended April 27, 2025, April 28, 2024, and
April 30, 2023.

                                                                                   Non-equity incentive plan
                                                                                                           (5)
                                                                                            compensation
                                                                                       Annual        Long-term
                             Fiscal                  Share-based Option-based        incentive        incentive     Pension      All other              Total
                                               (2)             (3)          (4)                                                         (6)
                              year       Salary         awards       awards              plan              plan       value compensation         compensation
 Alain Bouchard              2025     $1,470,060      $2,814,600     $3,101,820        165,382               —           —                   —          $7,551,862
 Founder and Executive       2024     $1,470,060      $2,827,547     $3,101,825      $275,636                —           —                   —          $7,675,068
 Chairman                    2023     $1,470,059      $2,793,061     $3,101,825      $909,599                —           —                   —          $8,274,544
 Alex Miller
             (1)             2025     $1,436,310      $6,163,555     $1,555,813      $222,935                —           —            $120,991          $9,499,604
 President and Chief         2024     $1,080,160      $2,268,274       $598,643      $291,238                —     $293,472           $112,563          $4,644,350
 Executive Officer           2023      $965,564       $1,978,645       $500,683      $927,716        $1,254,293    $299,808           $103,791          $6,030,500
 Brian Hannasch
                   (1)       2025      $929,321       $8,471,992     $2,589,018      $135,089                —           —            $126,038         $12,251,458
 Former President and        2024     $2,118,741      $8,305,256     $2,578,111      $990,512                —     $785,902           $119,199         $14,897,721
 Chief Executive Officer     2023     $2,022,293      $7,767,838     $2,309,222    $3,444,421        $2,475,792    $382,031            $51,971         $18,453,568
                             2025      $741,347       $1,587,095       $412,486        115,372               —           —                   —          $2,856,300
 Filipe Da Silva
                             2024      $691,621       $1,482,484       $436,943      $201,002                —      $82,246                  —          $2,894,296
 Chief Financial Officer
                             2023             —               —                —                —            —           —                   —                   —
 Louise Warner               2025      $733,641       $1,186,047       $203,892             63,277           —           —                   —          $2,186,857
 EVP North America
                             2024             —               —                —                —            —           —                   —                   —
 Operations & Global
 Commercial Optimization     2023             —               —                —                —            —           —                   —                   —
                             2025      $681,339         $687,767       $170,773             94,536           —           —             $86,823          $1,721,238
 Ed Dzadovsky
                             2024             —               —                —                —            —           —                   —                   —
 Chief Technology Officer
                             2023             —               —                —                —            —           —                   —                   —
(1)
  Mr. Hannasch stepped down as President and Chief Executive Officer of                Date of grant              Expected    Expected     Risk-free     Expected
the Corporation effective September 6, 2024 and Mr. Miller was appointed                                          dividend    volatility   interest      life
President and Chief Executive Officer on September 6, 2024 to succeed
                                                                                                                  per share                rate          (years)
him.
(2)
   Salary                                                                              March 28, 2025               $0.78       25.25%       2.96%           8
Salaries for Messrs. Miller, Hannasch, Dzadovsky and Ms. Warner are paid               May 1, 2024                  $0.70       24.82%       3.83%           8
in U.S. dollars. Amounts were converted to Canadian dollars for reporting              September 18, 2023           $0.56       25.19%       3.85%           8
purposes using the following annual average exchange rates for each
                                                                                       May 1, 2023                  $0.56       25.51%       2.84%           8
fiscal year: 1.3937 for fiscal 2025, 1.3502 for fiscal 2024, and 1.3287 for
fiscal 2023.                                                                           April 27, 2022               $0.44       26.48%       3.07%           8
(3)
   Share-based awards                                                                 In fiscal 2024, Mr. Da Silva received a grant of 11,723 stock options on
Amounts are the fair value of the long-term incentive awards on the grant             September 18, 2023, which was inadvertently omitted from the 2024
date, calculated using the weighted average price of the Shares on the TSX            Management Information Circular. We have restated the 2024 option-
for the five days prior to the grant. The number of Share Units awarded as            based award amount to include the value of this grant.
                                                                                      (5)
well as the share price for each grant are expressed on a post-Share Split              Non-equity incentive plan compensation
basis.                                                                                Short-term incentive
Amounts include the fair value of the Matching DSUs on the grant date,                Messrs. Miller, Hannasch, Dzadovsky and Ms. Warner receive their
calculated using the weighted average price of the Shares on the TSX for              annual incentive in U.S. dollars. Amounts were converted to Canadian
the five days prior to the grant. The amount the executive actually receives          dollars using the following annual average exchange rates for each fiscal
may be different. See Appendix C to read about vesting and other details              year: 1.3937 for fiscal 2025, 1.3502 for fiscal 2024, and 1.3287 for fiscal
about our Share Unit Plan. Mr. Miller elected to receive a portion of his             2023.
fiscal 2025 bonus in DSUs with the Corporation matching up to 25%.
(4)
                                                                                      Long-term incentive
  Option-based awards
Amounts are the fair value of the stock option awards on the grant date,              In fiscal 2023, Messrs. Miller and Hannasch received a special bonus tied
calculated using the Black-Scholes model and the weighted average                     to the completion of the five-year Double Again strategic plan. Mr.
assumptions in the table below. The benefit the executive actually earned             Bouchard was not eligible to receive this special bonus.
                                                                                      (6)
may be different and could even be zero. See page 83 to read about                       All other compensation
vesting and other details of our Stock Incentive Plan.                                All other compensation represents perquisites and other personal
                                                                                      benefits which in the aggregate amount to $50,000 or more or are
                                                                                      equivalent to 10% or more of a NEO’s total salary for the applicable fiscal
                                                                                      year. In the current year, perquisites that exceed 25% for the total value
                                                                                      of perquisites include for Mr. Miller, a vehicle allowance of $68,713 and
                                                                                      financial services of $27,101; Mr. Hannasch, a vehicle allowance of
                                                                                      $88,435 and financial services of $26,556; and Mr. Dzadovsky, a vehicle
                                                                                      allowance of $65,430.

                                                                                                                                                              81

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Outstanding share-based awards and option-based awards
The table below includes details about the share units and stock option awards held by each NEO as of April 27, 2025.
                                                                   (1)                                                            (2)
                                                 Option-based awards                                          Share-based awards

                                                                                                                Number of         Market or     Market or
                                                                                                                               payout value   payout value
                                                                                                                  Shares or
                                                   Number of                                      Value of                        of share-      of vested
                                                    securities                                 unexercised          units of         based    share-based
                                                   underlying      Option           Option          in-the-     Shares that     awards that    awards not
                                                  unexercised     exercise       expiration         money          have not        have not    paid out or
                      Grant date                      options        price             date        options           vested          vested    distributed
                                           (3)
Alain Bouchard     July 8, 2024                            —             —               —              —           23,921      $1,732,345     $1,044,530
Founder and        May 1, 2024                        122,167      $77.21       May 1, 2034             —                —              —              —
Executive Chairman July 7, 2023            (4)
                                                           —             —               —              —           28,740      $2,081,318     $1,617,934
                      May 1, 2023                     144,394      $67.15       May 1, 2033      $304,379                —              —              —
                      September 13, 2022                   —             —               —              —           48,303      $3,498,124             —
                      April 27, 2022                  170,278      $56.89     April 27, 2032    $2,115,528               —              —              —
                                           (5)
                      May 12, 2021                    130,266      $41.98     May 12, 2031      $3,172,213               —              —              —
                      July 9, 2020                     67,901      $43.30       July 9, 2030    $1,977,277               —              —              —
                      July 17, 2019                    99,676      $42.18      July 17, 2029    $3,014,202               —              —              —
                      July 18, 2018                    95,056      $30.93      July 18, 2028    $3,943,873               —              —              —
                      July 20, 2017                    92,978      $30.70      July 19, 2027    $3,879,042               —              —              —
                      July 20, 2016                    96,974      $29.44      July 20, 2026    $4,168,427               —              —              —
                      July 22, 2015                    96,410      $28.75      July 22, 2025    $4,210,707               —              —              —
Alex Miller           March 28, 2025                   43,159      $70.20    March 28, 2035        $19,161          34,858      $2,524,416     $1,359,251
President and Chief   July 8, 2024
                                           (3)
                                                           —             —               —              —           20,485      $1,483,491       $918,133
Executive Officer     May 1, 2024                      24,577      $77.21       May 1, 2034             —                —              —              —
                      July 7, 2023                         —             —               —              —           22,040      $1,596,167       $859,548
                      May 1, 2023                      27,867      $67.15       May 1, 2033        $58,739               —              —              —
                                           (6)
                      September 13, 2022                   —             —               —              —           22,542      $1,632,493     $1,171,550
                      April 27, 2022                   27,485      $56.89     April 27, 2032     $341,474                —              —              —
                      July 9, 2021                         —             —               —              —                —              —        $353,883
                      May 12, 2021                      7,189      $41.98     May 12, 2031       $175,060                —              —              —
                      July 9, 2020                      4,951      $43.30       July 9, 2030     $144,173                —              —        $363,856
                      July 17, 2019                     4,084      $42.18      July 17, 2029     $123,500                —              —              —
                      July 18, 2018                     6,090      $30.93      July 18, 2028     $252,674                —              —              —
                      July 20, 2017                     3,484      $30.70      July 19, 2027     $145,352                —              —              —
                                           (3)
Brian Hannasch        July 8, 2024                         —             —               —              —           72,281      $5,234,620     $3,224,448
Former President      May 1, 2024                     101,970      $77.21       May 1, 2034             —                —              —              —
and Chief Executive   July 7, 2023                         —             —               —              —           80,797      $5,851,333     $3,150,718
Officer
                      May 1, 2023                     120,014      $67.15       May 1, 2033      $252,986                —              —              —
                                           (6)
                      September 13, 2022                   —             —               —              —           89,572      $6,486,840     $5,689,010
                      April 27, 2022                  126,767      $56.89     April 27, 2032    $1,574,944               —              —              —
                      May 12, 2021                     92,734      $41.98     May 12, 2031      $2,258,252               —              —              —
                      July 9, 2020                     95,506      $43.30       July 9, 2030    $2,781,135               —              —              —
                                           (3)
Filipe Da Silva       July 8, 2024                         —             —               —              —           13,399        $970,385       $563,242
Chief Financial       May 1, 2024                      16,246      $77.21       May 1, 2034             —                —              —              —
Officer               September 18, 2023               11,723      $73.18       May 1, 2033             —                —              —              —
                      July 7, 2023                         —             —               —              —           29,399      $2,129,059             —
                      May 1, 2023                       7,564      $67.15       May 1, 2033        $15,942               —              —              —




                                                                                                                                                    82

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
                                                                       (1)                                                            (2)
                                                   Option-based awards                                            Share-based awards

                                                                                                                    Number of         Market or     Market or
                                                                                                                                   payout value   payout value
                                                                                                                      Shares or
                                                     Number of                                        Value of                        of share-      of vested
                                                      securities                                   unexercised          units of         based    share-based
                                                     underlying        Option           Option          in-the-     Shares that     awards that    awards not
                                                    unexercised       exercise       expiration         money          have not        have not    paid out or
                      Grant date                        options          price             date        options           vested          vested    distributed
 Louise Warner         March 28, 2025                     1,534        $70.20    March 28, 2035           $679            4,614       $334,146       $179,891
 EVP North America     July 8, 2024
                                             (3)
                                                             —               —               —              —             5,786       $419,038       $238,418
 Operations &          May 1, 2024                        6,726        $77.21       May 1, 2034             —                —              —              —
 Global Commercial                           (4)
 Optimization          July 7, 2023                          —               —               —              —             6,256       $453,054       $300,683
                       May 1, 2023                        7,392        $67.15       May 1, 2033        $15,578               —              —              —
                                             (6)
                       September 13, 2022                    —               —               —              —             6,673       $483,249       $311,470
                       April 27, 2022                     7,808        $56.89     April 27, 2032       $97,000               —              —              —
                       July 9, 2021                          —               —               —              —                —              —        $228,512
                       May 12, 2021                       4,642        $41.98     May 12, 2031       $113,024                —              —              —
                       January 27, 2021                   2,615        $38.09 January 27, 2031         $89,773               —              —        $232,637
                                             (3)
 Ed Dzadovsky          July 8, 2024                          —               —               —              —             5,874       $425,387       $263,960
 Chief Technology      May 1, 2024                        6,726        $77.21       May 1, 2034             —                —              —              —
 Officer               July 7, 2023
                                             (4)
                                                             —               —               —              —             6,034       $436,968       $372,478
                       May 1, 2023                        6,899        $67.15       May 1, 2033        $14,540               —              —              —
                                             (6)
                       September 13, 2022                    —               —               —              —             6,269       $453,977       $331,553
                       April 27, 2022                     7,287        $56.89     April 27, 2032       $90,524               —              —              —
                       July 9, 2021                          —               —               —              —                —              —         $93,037
(1)                                                                                   (4)
  Option-based awards                                                                   This amount includes the election Messrs. Bouchard, Dzadovsky, and
Our issued and outstanding Shares were split two-for-one on September                 Ms. Warner made to receive a portion of their fiscal 2023 bonus in DSUs
20, 2019. The number of outstanding options and the exercise price were               with the Corporation matching up to 25%.
adjusted accordingly. This is reflected in the number of securities                   (5)
                                                                                        Mr. Bouchard was granted 67,901 options on July 9, 2020, representing
underlying unexercised options.                                                       200% instead of 286% of his annual base salary. As a result, on May 12,
The option exercise price is the weighted average closing price of the                2021 Mr. Bouchard was granted an additional 30,115 options at an
Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately before the grant              exercise price of $41.98 to reach his target of 286%.
                                                                                      (6)
date.                                                                                   This amount includes the election Messrs. Miller, Hannasch, Dzadovsky,
Options vest 20% each year beginning on the grant date and expire on the              and Ms. Warner made to receive a portion of their fiscal 2022 bonus in
10th anniversary of the grant date.                                                   DSUs with the Corporation matching up to 25%.

The value of unexercised in-the-money options is the difference between
the closing price of our Shares on the TSX on April 25, 2025, the last
trading day of fiscal 2025 ($72.42) and the exercise price of the option.
Options only have value if our share price is higher than the exercise price.
(2)
  Share-based awards
Share units were granted in fiscal 2023, 2024 and 2025 under our Share
Unit Plan (formerly our Phantom Stock Unit Plan) and will vest at the end
of a three-year period in fiscal 2025, 2026 and 2027.
Share Units consist of unvested PSUs and RSUs, and include PSUs or RSUs
issued as Dividend Equivalents earned annually. Share Units may also
consist of Unvested Matching DSUs.
Payouts are based 35% on service of employment and 65% on corporate
performance against pre-determined objectives that were set at the time
of grant. The amount shown here is the estimated minimum payout of the
award (35% based on service of employment). Additionally, payouts
include vested unpaid DSUs. Their value is determined by multiplying the
number of vested share units held as at April 27, 2025 by the closing price
of our Shares on the TSX on April 25, 2025, the last trading day of fiscal
2025 ($72.42).
For Mr. Miller, the market or payout value of vested share-based awards
not paid out or distributed reflects only DSUs.
(3)
   This amount includes the election Messrs. Bouchard, Hannasch, Miller,
Da Silva, Dzadovsky and Ms. Warner, made to receive a portion of their
fiscal 2024 bonus in DSUs with the Corporation matching up to 25%.




                                                                                                                                                        83

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Incentive plan awards – value vested or earned during the fiscal year
The table below shows the total value that each NEO would have realized if their option-based awards had been exercised on the
vesting date and paid out in fiscal 2025, their share-based awards that had vested and were paid out in fiscal 2025, and their non-
equity incentive plan compensation which was earned during the fiscal 2025 year.

                                                                                                                                                 Non-equity incentive plan
                                                                                   (1)                                             (2)                   (3)
                                                              Option-based awards – value                     Share-based awards –           compensation – value earned
                                                                vested during the fiscal year       value vested during the fiscal year                     during the year
 Alain Bouchard
                                                                                  $1,752,580                                 $4,830,910                             $165,382
 Founder and Executive Chairman
 Alex Miller
                                                                                    $194,285                                 $2,670,833                             $222,935
 President and Chief Executive Officer
 Brian Hannasch                                     (4)
                                                                                  $1,543,377                               $10,259,071                              $135,089
 Former President and Chief Executive Officer
 Filipe Da Silva
                                                                                              —                               $555,522                              $115,372
 Chief Financial Officer
 Louise Warner
 EVP North America Operations & Global                                                   $72,517                              $746,803                               $63,277
 Commercial Optimization
 Ed Dzadovsky
                                                                                         $23,473                              $376,365                               $94,536
 Chief Technology Officer
(1)
  Option-based awards                                                                      date. Additionally, the amount presented in the table includes the election
                                                                                           an NEO would have made to receive a portion of their bonus in DSUs.
The value of stock options that vested in fiscal 2025 was determined by                    (3)
multiplying the number of options that vested by the difference between                        Non-equity incentive plan compensation
the exercise price of the options and the closing price of the Shares on the               Messrs. Miller, Hannasch, Dzadovsky and Ms. Warner are paid in U.S.
TSX on each respective vesting date.                                                       dollars. Their annual non-equity incentive amount was converted into
(2)                                                                                        Canadian dollars using 1.3937, the annual average exchange rate for fiscal
  Share-based awards
                                                                                           2025.
Includes the payout of the Share Units granted in fiscal 2022 and paid out                 (4)
                                                                                               Mr. Hannasch stepped down as President and Chief Executive Officer of
on July 8, 2024, calculated using the weighted average price of the Shares
                                                                                           the Corporation effective September 6, 2024. He stayed on as an
on the TSX for the five days prior to the payout date, as well as the value of
                                                                                           employee with the Corporation and will continue as such until October 3,
DSUs granted and vested during the year, calculated using the weighted
                                                                                           2026.
average price of the Shares on the TSX for the five days prior to the grant

Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans
Additional information relating to the Stock Incentive Plan
                                         Number of Shares to be issued                         Weighted-average         Number of Shares remaining
                                          upon exercise of outstanding                          exercise price of available for future issuance under
 As at April 27, 2025                                          options                       outstanding options                              the plan
 Equity compensation plan
 approved by security holders                                  2,117,210                                  $52.96                           36,210,535
 (stock incentive plan)

The number of Shares to be issued upon exercise of all currently outstanding and unexercised options represents
0.22% of our total issued and outstanding Shares as at April 27, 2025.
Burn rate
 The table below shows the annual burn rate for granted stock options for the last three fiscal
                                                                                                                                BURN RATE AND
 years. The burn rate is the total stock options granted in each fiscal year expressed as a
                                                                                                                                OVERHANG
 percentage of the average number of outstanding and issued Shares during the fiscal year.
                                                                                                                                Our annual burn rate for fiscal
                                                                           2025                    2024               2023
                                                                                                                                2025 is 0.040% and the total
 Number of stock options granted                                       376,942                399,973              425,675
                                                                                                                                potential dilution of our stock
 Average total number of outstanding and issued
 Shares during the fiscal year
                                                                   950,058,764            966,696,776        1,007,550,721      options at the end of our fiscal
 Burn rate                                                              0.040%                 0.041%               0.042%
                                                                                                                                year is 4.04%.




                                                                                                                                                               84

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Overhang
The table below shows the overhang or total potential dilution at the end of the fiscal year and the last two fiscal years. The
overhang is the sum of the total stock options outstanding and unexercised at the end of the year and the total number of options
available for future grants expressed as a percentage of the total number of outstanding and issued Shares at the end of that fiscal
year.
                                                                        2025          2024            2023
Number of outstanding and unexercised stock options granted (A)     2,117,210     1,849,954       3,417,748
Options available for issuance under the plan (B)                  36,575,684    36,575,684      36,955,731
Total potential dilution (C) equals (A + B)                        38,692,894    38,425,638      40,373,479
Total Shares outstanding and issued at year end (D)               957,095,436   957,095,436     981,332,584
Overhang (E) equals (C divided by D)                                   4.04%         4.01%           4.11%

The number of options remaining available for grant under the plan represent 4.04% of our total issued and outstanding Shares as
at April 27, 2025.




                                                                                                                              85

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular
Appendices
Appendix A – Glossary
Appendix B – Mandate of the Board of Directors
Appendix C – Summary of our Long-Term Incentive Plans
Appendix D – Shareholder Proposals
Appendix E – Non-IFRS Accounting Standards Measures
Appendix A

Glossary
In this document:
    ▪   “Audit Committee” means the Audit Committee of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Board” or “Board of Directors” means the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
    ▪   “CEO” means the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation.
    ▪   “CFO” means the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Chairperson” or “Chairman” means the Chairperson of the Board of Directors.
    ▪   “Circular” means this management information circular.
    ▪   “Class A Shares” means the Class A multiple voting shares of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Class B Shares” means the Class B subordinate voting shares of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Clawback Policy” means the executive compensation clawback policy adopted by the Corporation which allows it to
        require repayment of incentive compensation under certain circumstances.
    ▪   “Committees” means the Audit Committee and the HRCG Committee.
    ▪   “Common Shares” means the Common shares of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Conversion Event” means the date when the Class A Shares were converted to Common Shares.
    •   "COO" means the Chief Operating Officer of the Corporation.
    •   “Corporation”, “we”, “us”, “our”, “Couche-Tard”, “Alimentation Couche-Tard” means Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.
    •   "CPO" means Chief People Officer of the Corporation.
    •   “Director Nominees” means the directors for nomination to the Board.
    •   “Diversity Policy” means a formal Policy adopted by the Corporation regarding Diversity on the Board of Directors and in
        Executive Officer Positions.
    ▪   “Dividend Equivalents” means that all outstanding Share Units benefit from dividend accruals in the form of additional
        Share Units upon payment of normal cash dividends on Shares.
    ▪   “DSUP” means the Deferred Share Unit Plan adopted by the Corporation.
    ▪   “DSUs” means Deferred Share Units granted by the Corporation pursuant to the Deferred Share Unit Plan.
    ▪   “DSU Match” or "Match Eligible Remuneration" means the Corporation grants additional DSUs equal to 25% of the
        number of DSUs credited to the account of such executive pursuant to their DSU Voluntary Election.
    ▪   “DSU Voluntary Election” means NEOs and other executives are able to participate in our DSUP by electing to receive up
        to 50% of their short-term incentive award payout in DSUs instead of cash.
    •   EBITDA means Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and impairment.
    •   "ELT" or "Executive Leadership Team" means the Executive Leadership Team of the Corporation
    •   "ESPP" means the Corporation's Employee Share Purchase Plan.
    •   “ESG” means environmental, social and governance.
    ▪   “Ethics Code” means, collectively, the Ethics Code of Conduct adopted by the Corporation and ancillary policies related to
        ethical business practices.
    ▪   “EVP” means Executive Vice President of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Executive Directors” means directors who are employed by the Corporation.
    ▪   “HRCG Committee” means the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee of the Corporation.
    ▪   “KRAs” means the key result areas of the Named Executive Officers.
    ▪   "Matching DSUs" means the additional DSUs that may be granted to a Participant as a matching grant of DSUs on the
        same date as DSUs are granted to a Participant under a DSU Match.
    ▪   “Meeting” means our 2025 annual meeting of shareholders to be held on Wednesday, September 3, 2025.
    ▪   “NCIB” means Normal Course Issuer Bid, a share repurchase program.
    ▪   “Named Executive Officers” or "NEOs" means our Founder and Executive Chairman, our President and Chief Executive
        Officer, our Chief Financial Officer, our Chief Operating Officer and our Chief Growth Officer.
    •   “Non-Executive Directors” means directors who are not otherwise employed by the Corporation.
    ▪   “Performance Period” means the three years period commencing at the beginning of the fiscal year in which the PSU is
        granted.
    ▪   “PSU” means performance share units granted by the Corporation pursuant to the Stock Unit Plan.
    ▪   “Record Date” means July 9, 2025, being the date for determination of Shareholders entitled to receive notice of and to
        vote at the Meeting.
    •   "ROCE" means return on capital employed.



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                          87
   •    “RSU” means restricted share units granted by the Corporation pursuant to the Stock Unit Plan.
   ▪    “Shares” means the Common Shares of the Corporation.
   ▪    “Share Units” means PSUs, RSUs and DSUs, collectively.
   ▪    “Stock Incentive Plan” means the Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan effective March 17, 2021.
   ▪    “Supplier Code of Conduct” means the Supplier Code of Conduct approved by the Board on November 28, 2023.
   ▪    “TSX” means the Toronto Stock Exchange.
   ▪    “TSX Trust” means the TSX Trust Company, the Corporation's Transfer Agent.
   ▪    “Vested PSUs” means the number of PSUs that will vest for a Participant will correspond to the number of PSUs granted to
        such Participant on the grant date (including Dividend Equivalents) multiplied by the Vesting Percentage.
   ▪    “Vesting Percentage” means the percentage of performance achieved during the Performance Period, as determined by
        the HRCG Committee, not to exceed 200%.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                        88
Appendix B

Mandate of the Board of Directors
    A.    Purpose
The role of the board of directors of the Corporation (the "Board") is to supervise the management of the business and affairs of
the Corporation. The Board, directly and through its committees, shall provide direction to senior management, generally through
the president and chief executive officer (the "CEO"), to pursue the best interests of the Corporation.
    B.    Duties and Responsibilities
The Board is responsible for the overall conduct of the Corporation and in exercising its powers and discharging its duties, shall act
honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the Corporation and exercise the care, diligence and skill that a
reasonably prudent person would exercise in comparable circumstances. In considering what is in the best interests of the
Corporation, the Board may look at the interests of inter alia, shareholders, employees, creditors, consumers, governments and the
environment to inform its decisions. These interests are, among other things, represented by pursuing a policy aimed at sustainable
responsibility.
In furtherance of its purpose, the Board shall assume the following duties and responsibilities:
Strategy and Budget
    1.    Ensure that a strategic planning process is in place and approve, at least on an annual basis, a strategic plan which may
          take into account, among other things, the longer-term opportunities and risks of the business;
    2.    Approve the Corporation's annual operating and capital budgets;
    3.    Review operating and financial performance results in relation to the Corporation's strategic plan and budgets;
    4.    Approve all significant decisions outside of the ordinary course of the Corporation's business, including major financings,
          acquisitions, and dispositions or material departures from the strategic plan or budgets;
Environmental, Social and Governance
    5.    Review, approve and monitor the Corporation's goals, strategies and commitments related to sustainability and ESG,
          including climate risks, and opportunities, human rights and human capital management, community and social impact,
          and inclusive culture.
    6.    Develop the Corporation's approach to, and disclosure of, corporate governance practices and oversee the development
          by the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee (the "HRCG Committee") of a set of corporate
          governance guidelines and principles that are specifically applicable to the Corporation;
    7.    Approve the nomination of directors to the Board, as well as:
            a. Ensure that a majority of the Corporation's directors have no direct or indirect material relationship with the
                Corporation and determine who, in the reasonable opinion of the Board, are independent pursuant to applicable
                legislation, regulation and listing requirements;
            b. Develop appropriate qualifications and criteria for the selection of Board members;
    8.    Appoint the chairperson of the Board (the "Chairperson") and if the Chairperson is an Executive Chairperson, a lead
          director (the "Lead Director") and the chairpersons and members of each committee of the Board, in consultation with
          the relevant committee of the Board;
    9.    Along with the HRCG Committee, provide and oversee an orientation and continuing education program for newly
          appointed directors;
    10.   Review the disclosure in the Corporation's public disclosure documents relating to corporate governance practices and
          conduct a periodic review of the relationship between management and the Board, particularly in a view to ensure
          effective communication and the provision of information to directors in a timely manner;
    11.   Assess annually the effectiveness and contribution of the Board, the Chairperson, each committee of the Board and their
          respective chairperson and individual directors;
    12.   Review and approve the Supplier Code of Conduct of the Corporation with the purpose of promoting integrity and
          deterring wrongdoing, and encouraging and promoting a culture of ethical business conduct and as required, oversee
          compliance with the Corporation's Supplier Code of Conduct by directors, officers and other management personnel and
          employees;
    13.   Receive reports from the HRCG Committee regarding any breach of the policies with respect to business conduct and
          ethics, including the Supplier Code of Conduct and review investigations and any resolutions of complaints received under
          such policies;




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                              89
    14. Delegate (to the extent permitted by law) to the CEO, other executive officers and management personnel appropriate
        powers to manage the business and affairs of the Corporation;
    15. Act and function independently from management in fulfilling its fiduciary obligations;
    16. Review, approve and oversee the implementation of the Corporation's material policies, including the insider trading
        policy, health and safety policies and practices and measures for receiving feedback from the Corporation's stakeholders,
        and oversee compliance of these policies by directors, executive officers and other management personnel and
        employees;
    17. Review and approve, as required, the Corporation's environmental policies and management systems;
Human Resource Management and Compensation
    18. Appoint the CEO and the Chief Financial Officer (the "CFO") of the Corporation, following the recommendation of the HRCG
        Committee;
    19. Approve and/or develop, as applicable written position descriptions for the role of the CEO and the CFO, which includes
        delineating management's responsibilities, as well as written position descriptions for the role of the chairperson of each
        of the committees of the Board and the Lead Director;
    20. Approve the Corporation's compensation policy for directors, if any;
    21. Review and approve, following the recommendation of the HRCG Committee, the corporate goals and objectives that the
        Executive Chairman, if any, the CEO, the CFO and other executive officers are responsible for meeting and reviewing the
        performance of these individuals against such corporate goals and objectives;
    22. Review and approve, following the recommendation of the HRCG Committee, the compensation of the Executive
        Chairman, if any, the CEO, the CFO and other executive officers of the Corporation (including participation in compensation
        and benefits policies or changes thereto);
    23. Satisfy itself as to the integrity of the Executive Chairman, if any, the CEO and other executive officers and that the CEO and
        other executive officers create a culture of integrity throughout the organization;
    24. Review and approve, following the recommendation of the HRCG Committee, the succession planning relating to the
        position of the CEO, other executive officers, the chairperson of the Board and of each of the committees and the Lead
        Director;
Risk Management, Capital Management and Internal Controls
    25. Identify and assess periodically the principal risks of the Corporation's business, and ensure the implementation of
        appropriate systems to manage these risks;
    26. Ensure the integrity of the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting, management of information systems,
        disclosure controls and procedures, financial disclosure and the safeguarding of the Corporation's assets;
    27. Together with the Audit Committee, review, approve and oversee the Corporation's disclosure controls and procedures;
Communications
    28. In conjunction with management, meet with the Corporation's shareholders at the annual meeting and be available to
        respond to questions at that time;
    29. Monitor investor relations programs and communications with analysts, the media and the public;
    30. Review, approve and oversee the implementation of the Corporation's disclosure policy;
Financial Reporting, Auditors and Transactions
    31. Review and approve, as required, the Corporation's financial statements and related financial information; and
    32. Appoint (including terms and review of engagement), subject to approval of shareholders, and remove the Corporation's
        auditor;
    33. Review and approve mergers and acquisition opportunities and financings
    C.   Composition
    34. The composition and organization of the Board, including the number, qualifications and remuneration of directors, the
        number of Board meetings, Canadian residency requirements, quorum requirements, meeting procedures and notices of
        meetings shall comply with applicable requirements of the Quebec Business Corporations Act, the securities laws and
        regulations applicable in the Province of Québec and the articles and by-laws of the Corporation, subject to any
        exemptions or relief that may be granted from such requirements from time to time.
    35. With respect to the Corporation’s Policy Regarding Diversity on the Board of Directors and in Executive Officer Positions, the
         objective pursued by the Board is to have a variation of skills, experience and backgrounds of its members (including those with
         differences in age, disability, gender, sexual orientation, marital or Civil partnership status, race (including ethnic origin, nationality
         or color), religious, political or other beliefs, regional and geographic background).



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                                           90
   D.   Committees of the Board
   36. Subject to applicable law, the Board shall establish, if needed, other Board committees or merge or dispose of any Board
       committee in addition to the Audit Committee and the HRCG Committee.
   37. In conjunction with the HRCG Committee, the Board shall review the appropriate structure, size, composition, mandate
       and members for each Board committee, and approve any modifications to such items as considered advisable. The Board
       may review, from time to time, each charter and consider any suggested amendments for approval. In addition, the Board
       may institute procedures to ensure that the Board and the Board committees function independently of management.
   38. To facilitate communication between the Board and each of the Board committees, each committee chairperson shall
       provide a summary and, to the extent necessary, a report, to the Board on material matters considered by the committee
       at the first Board meeting following the committee's meeting.
   E. Meeting
   39. The Board shall meet at least once in each quarter, with additional meetings held as deemed advisable. The Chairperson
        shall be primarily responsible for the agenda and for supervising the conduct of any Board meeting. Any director may
        propose the inclusion of items on the agenda, request the presence of, or a report by any member of senior management,
        or at any Board meeting raise subjects that are not on the agenda for that meeting.
   40. The Board shall conduct meetings of the Board in accordance with the Corporation's articles and by-laws.
   41. The secretary of the Corporation (the "Corporate Secretary"), his or her designate or any other person the Board
        requests, shall act as secretary of Board meetings.
   42. Minutes of Board meetings shall be recorded and maintained by the Corporate Secretary, or any other person acting in
        such capacity, and subsequently presented to the Board for approval.
   43. The independent members of the Board may hold regularly-scheduled meetings, or portions of regularly scheduled
        meetings, at which non-independent directors and members of management are not present.
   44. Each director is expected to attend all meetings of the Board and any committee of which he or she is a member.
   45. The Board shall have unrestricted access to management and employees of the Corporation (including, for greater
        certainty, its affiliates, subsidiaries and their respective operations).
   F.   Other
   46. The Board shall perform any other function as prescribed by law or as not delegated by the Board to one of the
       committees of the Board or to management personnel.
   47. This Board Charter is a statement of broad policies and is intended as a component of the flexible governance framework
       within which the Board, assisted by its committees, directs the affairs of the Corporation. While it should be interpreted in
       the context of all applicable laws, regulations and listing requirements, as well as in the context of the Corporation's
       articles and by-laws, it is not intended to establish any legally binding obligations.
   G.   Limitations on Board's duties
   48. Nothing contained in this charter is intended to expand applicable standards of conduct under statutory or regulatory
       requirements for the directors of the Corporation.
   49. Members of the Board are entitled to rely, absent knowledge to the contrary, on (i) the integrity of the persons and
       organizations from whom they receive information, and (ii) the accuracy and completeness of the information provided.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                            91
Appendix C
Summaries of our Long-Term Incentive Plans
    A.   Summary of the Stock Incentive Plan of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.:
Effective March 17, 2021 (the “Adoption Date”), the Corporation has adopted an Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan, as
amended from time to time, (the “Stock Incentive Plan”) for certain management and key employees holding positions that can
have a significant impact on the Corporation's long-term results. The Stock Incentive Plan was then ratified by the Corporations
shareholder’s at its annual meeting on September 1, 2021. The changes adopted to the Stock Incentive Plan were designed to
ensure the plan’s continued relevancy for incentivizing performance and favoring talent retention. All options issued and
outstanding under the Stock Incentive Plan adopted by the Corporation on September 7, 1999, as amended from time to time,
continue to be governed by the Stock Incentive Plan from its Adoption Date. The full text of our Stock Incentive Plan is available on
SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.
The Stock Incentive Plan shall be administered by the Board, or if the Board by resolution so decides, by the Human Resources and
Corporate Governance Committee (the “HRCG Committee”), and the Board shall also be responsible for its interpretation,
construction and application. Pursuant to the Stock Incentive Plan, only those officers, senior executives, employee directors and
other full-time employees of the Corporation or any of its affiliates that occupy key positions as determined by the Board are eligible
to receive Options (“Eligible Participants”). In determining Options to be granted under the Stock Incentive Plan, the Board or the
HRCG Committee, as the case may be, shall give due consideration to the value of each Eligible Participant's present and potential
future contribution to the Corporation's success.
The aggregate number of Shares of the Corporation (the “Shares”) reserved and available for issuance pursuant to Options under
the Stock Incentive Plan is limited to 101,352,000 Shares, of which 36,210,535 were available as at April 27, 2025. Shares in respect
of which an Option is granted under the Stock Incentive Plan but not exercised prior to the cancellation or termination of such
Option, due to the expiration, cancellation, termination or lapse of such Option or otherwise, shall be available for Options to be
granted thereafter pursuant to the provisions of the Stock Incentive Plan. All Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of the Options
granted under the Stock Incentive Plan shall be so issued as fully paid and non-assessable Shares.
Pursuant to the Stock Incentive Plan, in no event can the number of Shares issued from treasury to satisfy the payment of vested
Options exceed 2% of the issued and outstanding Shares at the time.
The Stock Incentive Plan further provides that (i) the aggregate number of Shares reserved for issuance at any time to any one
Eligible Participant shall not exceed 3% of the issued and outstanding Shares at such time, (ii) the aggregate number of Shares
issued to any one insider under the Stock Incentive Plan or any other proposed or established share compensation arrangement
within any one-year period shall not exceed 3% of the issued and outstanding Shares as such time, (iii) the aggregate number of
Shares issuable at any time to insiders and associates of such insiders at any time under the Stock Incentive Plan or any other
proposed or established share compensation arrangement shall not exceed 5% of the issued and outstanding Shares, and (iv) the
total number of Shares issued to insiders and associates of such insiders under the Stock Incentive Plan or any other proposed or
established share compensation arrangement within any one-year period shall not exceed 5% of the issued and outstanding
Shares.
For each grant of Options under the Stock Incentive Plan, the Board shall (i) designate the Eligible Participants who may receive
Options, (ii) fix the number of Options to be granted to each Eligible Participant, (iii) determine the price per Share to be payable
upon the exercise of each such Option (the “Option Price”), which shall not be less than the market value of such Shares at the time
of the grant, and (iv) determine the relevant vesting provisions, including performance criteria, if any, and the term of the Option
which shall not exceed ten years (the “Option Term”), the whole subject to the terms and conditions of the Stock Incentive Plan. For
purposes of the Stock Incentive Plan, the “market value” of the Shares shall be: (i) if the grant is made outside a black-out period, the
greater of (a) the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five trading day-period ending on the last
trading day before the day on which the Option is granted and (b) the closing market price of a Share on the TSX on the last trading
day before the day on which the grant is approved; or (ii) if the grant is approved by the Board or the HRCG Committee on a day
that is in a black-out period or within five trading days after the end of a black-out period, then the grant will be deemed to have
                       th
been made on the 6 trading day following the end of such black-out period a the market value shall be equal to the greater of (a)
the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five trading day-period ending on the last trading day
before the day on which the Option is deemed to be granted and (b) the closing market price of a Share on the TSX on the last
trading day before the day on which the Option is deemed to be granted.
Unless otherwise determined by the Board, all unexercised Options shall be cancelled at the expiry of such Options. Should the
Option Term for an Option end during a black-out period or before 10 trading days following the end of a black-out period, unless



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                                92
such extension would result in tax penalties or violate Section 409A of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
                                                                                                                        th
such Option Term shall be automatically extended without any further act or formality to that date which is the 10 trading day
                                              th
after the end of the black-out period, such 10 trading day to be considered the expiration date for such Option for all purposes
under the Stock Incentive Plan.
Prior to its expiration or earlier termination in accordance with the Stock Incentive Plan, Options are exercisable in whole or in part
and at such time or times and/or pursuant to performance criteria or other vesting conditions as the Board may determine in its
sole discretion at the time of granting the Option.
With the consent of the Board, a Participant may, rather than exercise the Option which the Participant is entitled to exercise under
this Stock Incentive Plan, elect to surrender all or a portion of such Option to the Corporation and receive in consideration the
number of Shares, disregarding fractions, which, when multiplied by the market value of the Shares to which the surrendered
Option relate, have a value equal to the product of the number of Shares to which the disposed Option relate multiplied by the
difference between the market value of such Shares and the Option Price of such Option, less any amount withheld on account of
income taxes, which withheld income taxes will be remitted by the Corporation. The market value of the Shares shall be the volume
weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five trading day period ending on the last trading day before the day
on which the Option is exercised or surrendered. Only the number of Shares so received shall be deducted from the reserve in such
a case.
Options are personal to the Participant and shall not be assignable or transferable by the Participant, whether voluntarily or by
operation of law, except by will or by the laws of succession of the domicile of the deceased Participant.
If a Participant’s employment is terminated for cause, Options terminate on the effective date of the termination or the date
specified in the notice of termination.
In the event of the death of a Participant, his/her vested Options at the time of death must be exercised by his/her heirs within 180
days of the Participant’s death or prior to the expiration of the original term of such Options, whichever occurs earlier.
In the event of the injury or disability of a Participant any vested Options on the date of the Participant’s termination of employment
may be exercised by the Participant; however such Options shall only be exercisable within 2 years after the cessation of
employment (or the effective date on which the Participant becomes eligible long-term disability benefits) or prior to the expiration
of the original term of such Options, whichever occurs earlier.
Upon the retirement of a Participant, any vested Option may be exercised by the Participant within 4 years after the retirement date
or prior to the expiration of the original term of such Options, which ever occurs earlier. Unvested Option (or part thereof) shall
continue to vest during 2 years after the date of retirement.
If a Participant’s employment is terminated other than for cause, by death, disability or retirement, any Options may be exercised if
they have vested at the time of termination or cessation of employment. Such Options are exercisable for a period of 90 days after
the termination date or prior to the expiration of the original term of such Options, whichever occurs earlier.
In the event a Participant takes a voluntary leave of absence, any Options may be exercised by the Participant as the rights to
exercise such Options accrue, and such Options shall remain fully exercisable until expiration of the original term of such Options.
The Board may make such changes as it considers appropriate, in its discretion, including changing the vesting conditions and/or
the date on which any Option expires in the event of a change of control or other transaction (such as a reorganization, an
amalgamation, an arrangement or a take-over bid for all of the Shares or the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the
property and assets of the Corporation).
Under the Stock Incentive Plan, shareholder approval is required in order to make any of the following changes:
  ▪ changing the amendment provisions of the Stock Incentive Plan;
  ▪ increasing the maximum number of Shares that can be issued under the Stock Incentive Plan;
  ▪ making a change to eliminate or exceed the insider participation limits set out under the Stock Incentive Plan;
  ▪ reducing the exercise price or cancelling an Option and substituting such Option by a new Option with a reduced price;
  ▪ extending the term of an Option beyond its original expiry date, except in case of an extension due to a blackout period;
  ▪ any amendment which would permit any Option granted under the Stock Incentive Plan to be transferable or assignable other
    than as contemplated by the Stock Incentive Plan;
  ▪ any amendment which would allow non-employee directors to be eligible for awards under the Stock Incentive Plan; or
  ▪ any other change that requires us to receive shareholder approval according to regulatory requirements or TSX policies.
The Board can use its discretion to make the following changes without shareholder approval, provided that such changes comply
with regulatory requirements, which may include but are not limited to:
  ▪ making changes of a “housekeeping” or clarification nature;



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                               93
  ▪ changing the vesting provisions of an Option; or
  ▪ changing the category of people who may participate in the plan, unless the change increases the participation of insiders.
The Board may generally amend the Stock Incentive plan or any Option without the consent of the participants to whom Options
were granted provided that such amendment shall not adversely alter or impair such Options.
The Stock Incentive Plan also provides that the term of an Option may not be extended beyond 10 years. This is separate from
extending the term by 10 days if the Option expiry date falls within a trading black-out period, or during the 10 days immediately
after the black-out period has been lifted.
Grants are personal and cannot be assigned or transferred, except by will or by the applicable laws of succession. ACT does not
provide for any financial assistance under the Stock Incentive Plan.

The following provisions apply to Option grants upon the termination of employment of participants to whom they were granted:
    •    Termination for cause: All unexercised Options will terminate on the participant’s termination date.
    •    Death: Vested Options will remain exercisable by the liquidator, executor or administrator within 180 days after the
         participant’s death, subject to Options expiry date.
    •    Injury or disability: Vested Options will remain exercisable for up to two years after a disability of injury related terminations
         (subject to Options expiry date).
    •    Retirement: A clear definition of retirement aligned with the Share Unit Plan is provided along with a section providing
         retiring optionees with up to four years from the date of their retirement to exercise their Options (subject to Options
         expiry date). Unvested Options continue to vest during two years after retirement (subject to Options expiry date).
    B.   Summary of Share Unit Plan of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.:
Following a review of the Phantom Stock Unit Plan so as to ensure its continued relevancy for incentivizing performance and
favouring talent retention, and upon recommendation of the HRCG Committee, the Board adopted an amended and restated Share
Unit Plan on June 29, 2020, (the "SUP"). Of note, was the introduction of a formal distinction between time-based share units now
called Restricted Share Units (“RSUs”), and performance-based units now called Performance Share units (“PSUs”, and RSUs and
PSUs are together referred to as “Share Units”). In addition, the SUP was amended to permit participants to benefit from dividend
accruals by crediting notional dividends to a participant’s account in the form of additional Share Units upon the payment of normal
cash dividends on Shares, as well as to adopt other changes aligned with market practices. In May 2021, the SUP was further
amended in order to add clarification as to the payment of Share Units in a situation where an eligible participant ceases to be an
employee of the Corporation after the date of vesting of Share Units, but prior to their payment. In November 2022, upon
recommendation of the HRCG Committee, the Board adopted an amended and restated SUP to clarify the meaning of Dividend
Market Value.
All employees of the Corporation are eligible to receive awards under the SUP, but eligibility to participate does not confer upon any
person a right to receive an award pursuant to the SUP. In determining Share Units to be awarded under the SUP, the Board or the
HRCG Committee, as the case may be, shall give due consideration to the value of each Eligible Participant's present and potential
future contribution to the Corporation's success. The SUP was designed to provide eligible participants with the opportunity to
participate in the long-term success of the Corporation, to promote a greater alignment of their interests with those of
shareholders, to reward eligible participants for their performance of services while working for the Corporation and to provide a
means through which the Corporation may attract, motivate and retain key personnel.
The SUP is administered by the HRCG Committee.
For each award of Share Units under the SUP, the HRCG Committee shall (i) designate the eligible participants who may receive
Share Units (the “Participant”), (ii) determine the number of Share Units (including fractional Share Units) to be credited to each
Participant, having regard to the market value of the Shares at the time of the grant, the whole subject to the terms and conditions
of the SUP. For the purpose of such determination, the “market value” of the Shares shall be (i) if the award is made outside a black-
our period, including if the award is declared outside a black-out period as part of a periodic grant program but with an effective
award date that falls within a black-out period, the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five
trading day period ending on the last trading day before the award date or, if not available, the last available closing market price of
the Shares at the time of the award or (ii) if the award is made during a black-out period, the volume weighted average trading price
of the Shares on the TSX for the five trading day period following the last day of such black-out period, in such case the award date
being deemed to be the 6th trading following the last day of such black-out period.
With respect to each award of PSUs, the HRCG Committee shall also determine the performance measures and objectives that shall
determine the proportion, not exceeding 200% of such awarded PSUs becoming vested PSUs, as well as the performance period,
the whole subject to the terms and conditions of the SUP. The Committee may also, in its absolute discretion, at any time after the
date of an award of PSUs and prior to the payment of the award, make adjustments to the performance measures and objectives



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                                  94
where a relevant indicator of performance no longer exists, has materially changed of is no longer relevant. The performance
period, unless otherwise specified by the Committee at the time of granting of the award, shall be the three years period
commencing at the beginning of the fiscal year in which the award is granted (the “Performance Period”), and shall also be the
restricted period for purposes of time-vesting of RSUs.
As of July 1, 2020, all outstanding Share Units benefit from dividend accruals in the form of additional Share Units upon payment of
normal cash dividends on Shares (the “Dividend Equivalents”).
With respect to each award of PSUs, following the completion of a Performance Period applicable to an award, the HRCG Committee
shall assess the performance in light of the measures identified and the objectives set for such Performance Period. The HRCG
Committee shall then determine the percentage, not to exceed 200%, of performance achieved during the Performance Period (the
"Vesting Percentage") applicable to the award. In making its determination, the HRCG Committee may set the Vesting Percentage
at a higher percentage (not to exceed 200%) than would have resulted based solely on the performance measures and objectives.
The number of PSUs that will vest for a Participant will correspond to the number of PSUs granted to such Participant on the grant
date (including Dividend Equivalents) multiplied by the Vesting Percentage (the “Vested PSUs”).
With respect to each award of RSUs, RSUs (including Dividend Equivalents) credited to the account of a Participant who is still in the
active employment of the Corporation as of the end of the Performance Period shall become vested at that time (the “Vested
RSUs”).
Participants are entitled to receive payment in cash for each Vested PSUs and each Vested RSUs in an amount equal to the number
of Vested PSUs multiplied by the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five trading day period
immediately preceding the date or dates determined by the HRCG Committee as the date(s) on which all or part of an award shall
be valued (the “Valuation Date”) and thereafter be paid, less any applicable withholding taxes.
Upon a Participant’s retirement, if a Participant’s employment is terminated other than for cause, or if a Participant becomes
disabled (as defined in the SUP), a pro-rated payment amount based on the amount of time such Participant was actively employed
during the Performance Period will become payable to the Participant: (i) in the case of PSUs, at the end of the Performance Period
if performance conditions are met, and (ii) in the case of RSUs, within 30 days from the separation date, provided that the Valuation
Date shall be deemed to be the separation date or the date the Participant became Disabled, as applicable, and provided that the
Participant shall cease to accumulate Dividend Equivalents as of the separation date.
Upon the death of a Participant, subject to any express resolution of the HRCG Committee, a pro-rated payment amount based on
the amount of time such Participant was actively employed during the Performance Period will become payable to the Participant:
(i) in the case of PSUs, at the end of the Performance Period if performance conditions are met, and (ii) in the case of RSUs, within
90 days from the date of death, provided that the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the date of death, and provided that the
Participant shall cease to accumulate Dividend Equivalents as of the date of death.
Upon the termination of a Participant’s employment for cause or for any other reason than those specified above, any unvested
Share Units credited to such Participant’s account shall be forfeited and cancelled along with any Dividend Equivalent in relation to
such Share Units.
The SUP also provides that in the event of a termination due to a Change of Control (as defined in the SUP), all outstanding Share
Units shall vest immediately at a Vesting Percentage of 100%, or such higher percentage as may be determined by the HRCG
Committee.
Each Share Unit awarded under the SUP is personal to the Participant and shall not be assignable or transferable by the Participant,
whether voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or by the laws of succession of the domicile of the deceased Participant.
    C.   Summary of Deferred Share Unit Plan
Effective June 29, 2020, the Board approved, following a recommendation of the HRCG Committee, an amended and restated
Deferred Share Unit Plan (the “DSUP”) in order to ensure its continued relevancy for incentivizing performance and favouring talent
retention. The Board approved further amendments to the DSUP on March 17, 2021 in order to comply with certain US taxation
rules, on November 22, 2022 in order to clarify the meaning of Dividend Market Value, and on April 26, 2023 in order to clarify
conditions of payment following the Retirement of an employee. The DSUP, as amended, is designed to enhance the Corporation’s
ability to attract and retain talented individuals to serve as members of the Board and in executive positions, to promote alignment
of interests between participants and shareholders and to assist participants in fulfilling their respective Share Ownership
Requirements.
The DSUP is administered by the HRCG Committee.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                              95
For the purpose of the DSUP, “Eligible Directors” are those directors who are not employees of the Corporation and are
designated as such by the Board and “Eligible Employees” are those employees of the Corporation and are designated as such by
the Board. When such Eligible Directors or Eligible Employees are granted Deferred Share Units (“DSUs”), they are also referred to as
“Participants”. DSUs issued under the DSUP can only be settled in cash.
For each fiscal year, in addition to any additional portion elected to be received in the form of DSUs, each Eligible Director shall
receive in the form of DSUs (the exact number of which, rounded down to the next whole DSU, being calculated using the fair
market value at the time of the grant) 50% of the amount of the annual retainer payable to such Eligible Director in respect of his or
her duties as a director of the Corporation for such fiscal (the “Director Annual DSU Remuneration”).
Participation in the DSUP by Eligible Employees remains entirely at the Eligible Employee’s discretion, since no given portion of an
Eligible Employee’s annual remuneration has been determined by the Board to be mandatorily payable in DSUs. For the purpose of
the DSUP, Eligible Employees may elect to receive in the form of DSUs (i) a portion of the short-term incentive compensation instead
of in cash, and/or (ii) all of the RSU portion of the long-term incentive compensation payable to such Eligible Employee in respect of
his or her duties and performance as an employee of the Corporation with respect to a fiscal year (the “Employee Annual DSU
Remuneration”). With respect to the short-term incentive compensation, an Eligible Employee may be permitted to, as determined
by the Board, to defer up to 50% of his or her short-term incentive compensation into DSUs (“Match Eligible Remuneration”) and
receive Matching DSUs in respect of such deferral. On the same date as DSUs are granted to a Participant in respect of a deferral of
Match Eligible Remuneration, additional DSUs may be granted to the Participant as a matching grant of DSUs (“Matching DSUs”).
The number of Matching DSUs granted shall be equal to 25% of the first 50% of DSUs granted in respect of the Participant’s deferral
of Match Eligible Remuneration, or such other matching percentage designated by the Board from time to time. The first DSUs had
been issued to Eligible Employees prior to 2020.
The number of DSUs (including Matching DSUs, as applicable) to be credited to an Eligible Director or Eligible Employee’s notional
account shall be determined by dividing (in) in the case of Eligible Directors, the dollar value of the Director Annual DSU
Remuneration and (ii) in the case of Eligible Employees the approved dollar amount of the Employee Annual DSU Remuneration, by
the fair market value at the time of the grant. The “market value” used for purposes of calculating the amount of DSUs so to be
granted shall be the volume weighted average trading price of a Share on the TSX for the five trading days immediately preceding
the date of calculation or such other manner as is required or allowed by the rules and policies of the TSX, or, if not available, the
last available closing market price of the Shares preceding the time of the grant.
A Participant shall be entitled to receive Dividend Equivalents in the form of additional DSUs as of each dividend payment date in
respect of which normal cash dividends are paid on the Shares during the period between the date the DSUs have been awarded
and the Termination Date.
Unless otherwise determined, DSUs, including any Dividend Equivalents, vest immediately upon being granted. Matching DSUs,
including any Dividend Equivalents, will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Participant’s grant notice which
shall be, unless otherwise determined by the Board, at a rate of 1/3 per year on the anniversary date of the grant, over a period of
three years.
No Participant will have any right to receive any payment under the DSUP until he or she ceases to be an Eligible Director (and is not
at that time an employee of the Corporation) or an Eligible Employee (and is not at that time a Director) for any reason (other than
for cause), including by death, disability, retirement or resignation (a “Termination Date”).
Once a Termination Date occurs for a given Participant not subject to United States taxation, such Participant (or its legal
representative in the case of death) will be entitled to file up to two redemption notices requesting settlement of all or part of the
vested DSUs credited to its account by way of a cash payment calculated using the market value on the date of such filing. The
“market value” means the volume weighted average trading price of a Share on the TSX for the five trading days immediately
preceding the date of calculation. Should no redemption notice be filed, then the Participant will be deemed to have filed a
redemption notice for all its DSUs on December 1 of the first calendar year commencing after the date of the Participant’s
Termination Date (other than as a result of the Participant’s death while serving as an Eligible Director or an Eligible Employee, in
which case the determination of the market will be the date of the Participant’s death).
Once a Termination Date occurs for a given Participant subject to United States taxation, such Participant will be entitled to receive
the payment of their DSUs on the Distribution Date, meaning the earlier of (a) the date that is six months and one day following the
                                th
Termination Date, and (b) the 30 day following the date of death of the Participant.
The DSUP also provides that in the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the DSUP), the Board may make such provision for
the protection of the rights of the Participants as the Board, in its discretion considers appropriate in the circumstances, including
without limitation, providing for substitute or replacement deferred share units of the continuing entity (unless substitution or




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                               96
replacement of the outstanding DSUs is deemed impossible or impractical by the Board, in its sole discretion). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no Participant will be entitled to receive payment for, or in respect of, any DSUs on or before his or her Termination Date.
Finally, in the event of termination of employment for cause (or resignation contemporary to the discovery by the Corporation of
any basis or grounds for termination for cause), all DSUs granted, vested or credited in favor of a Participant will be forfeited and
cancelled effective immediately upon such termination and such Participant will not be entitled to any payment, benefit or other
right under the DSUP.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                               97
Appendix D
Shareholder Proposal No.1: Minimizing all forms of waste (translated from French)

Argumentation submitted by the MÉDAC in support of its proposal

"It is proposed that the company adopts a policy to reduce waste within its operations by setting goals and determining an action
plan to minimize all forms of waste."

In April, the National Assembly of Quebec was presented with Bill 697, whose main objectives were as follows:

    •    Reduce food waste in Quebec by half by 2030;
    •    Require processors, distributors, and retailers to establish donation agreements for their unsold edible products with
         organizations;
    •    Create a public register to list unsold products from manufacturers, distributors, and retailers;
    •    Prohibit the intentional rendering of unsold products unfit for consumption (e.g., by spraying garbage cans with bleach).

In 2023, an investigation by Les Coops de l’information revealed that Couche-Tard was discarding aluminum cans, plastic bottles, and
cardboard containers containing beverages that had passed their "best before" date or were about to reach it.

Considering the importance placed by the population on responsible behavior from its top leaders, we propose this initiative to
minimize waste within organizations.

Response from the Corporation

At Alimentation Couche-Tard, we are committed to being a responsible retailer, and waste management is a key component of our
sustainability strategy. We have implemented a robust, globally aligned framework to ensure consistent performance across our
decentralized operations. Despite operating in 29 countries and territories, each business unit follows clearly defined waste
management procedures guided by our global Waste Management Guideline. These include the identification, sorting, and
quantification of waste streams; safe storage, transport, and treatment in compliance with local regulations; prohibition of open
burning or environmental discharge; regular audits of waste transport providers; and mandatory training for team members
involved in waste handling. This structure ensures a shared commitment to environmental compliance while allowing flexibility to
meet local requirements.

We have made measurable progress in reducing waste and improving resource efficiency across our global network. In the United
States, 66 tons of cardboard were recycled at 15 pilot sites using small-format balers. At our Laval Distribution Centre in Eastern
Canada, over 200 metric tons of cardboard, paper, plastic, and metal were recycled, and the use of reusable bins and trays has
significantly reduced single-use packaging. Our product diversion program allows employees to purchase damaged goods at cost,
minimizing waste while offering a practical benefit. Across North America and Europe, over 40 million single-use cups have been
eliminated through the promotion of reusable alternatives. In Florida, a new waste stream diverted 2.5 tons of plastic from landfills.
Our partnership with Too Good To Go has saved over 2 million meals, avoiding more than 3.4 million kilograms of CO₂e emissions,
with the program now active in over 8,000 stores. Local leadership plays a key role, with “Waste Champions” in Ireland and
dedicated training modules deployed in Canada through our Workday platform.

Our operations comply with a wide range of environmental regulations, and we tailor our waste management practices to the
infrastructure available in each market. While we do not currently aggregate global waste handling data due to our decentralized
structure, each business unit adheres to local audit and reporting requirements. We continue to explore opportunities to evolve and
enhance our global waste management processes, with the goal of achieving the highest standards of environmental performance
and risk mitigation across all regions in which we operate.

Consequently, the Board of Directors considers it is neither advisable nor necessary to adopt this proposal, and
recommends voting AGAINST this proposal.

Shareholder Proposal No. 2 - Disclosure of languages mastered by employees (translated from French)

Argumentation submitted by the MÉDAC in support of its proposal




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                              98
"It is proposed that the languages required by the company for employees be disclosed, broken down by jurisdiction, for all
territories (countries, states, provinces) where the company operates."

At the time of hiring, a candidate's skills are assessed to determine if they meet the job requirements. Among these skills are
necessarily their language competencies. This information is known to all companies. In its statistical form, this information is of
interest to everyone. A recent survey revealed that a strong majority of Quebecers were in favor of disclosing this information.

In recent years, several public controversies over language have tarnished the reputation of major companies regarding their social
responsibility and their interpretation of their duties and obligations concerning diversity, inherent in our societies. Language,
embedded in the heart of our democratic institutions, is indeed a fundamental attribute of the community. It is essential to avoid
such situations, harmful in every respect, from recurring. Therefore, it is appropriate for all interested parties (stakeholders) to
know, through formal and official disclosure, the languages required by the company for its employees.

Obviously, by "mastery" of the language, it is understood to mean a sufficient level of language to allow its generalized use orally
and in writing, in all spheres of activity of individuals, both moral and physical, i.e., a sufficient level of language to enable each
person to fully and entirely assume their duties and functions.

Response from the Corporation

The Corporation upholds and complies with the Charter of the French Language (the “Charter”) and adheres to all requirements
related to the French language in the course of its business activities and operations in the Province of Québec. We also comply with
all applicable laws and regulations relating to language in all jurisdictions in which we operate. It should be noted that the
Corporation already discloses the languages spoken by its Board members and NEOs in its Circular.

Collecting the requested data from our employees requires employee consent and voluntary, unverifiable self-reporting, which is
neither appropriate nor useful for shareholders given the international footprint of our operations. In addition to being broad and
costly, the requested disclosure exceeds industry standards as it relates to the collection of personal information, which, in
accordance with applicable laws, must only be collected for valid purposes.

Further, in compliance with the Charter, if an employee located in the Province of Quebec is required to use a language other than
French in his/her duties, we report it to the Office québécois de la langue française. The Corporation may require its employees to use
English in addition to French in the course of their duties if their position requires them to interact with individuals outside of the
Province of Québec, the whole in accordance with the requirements set forth in the Charter. Those Québec-based employees for
whom the Corporation requires both French and English are either part of a global function, are executives or otherwise employees
supporting operations outside of Québec in the Eastern Canada Business Unit.

Consequently, the Board of Directors considers it is neither advisable nor necessary to adopt this proposal as framed, and
recommends voting AGAINST this proposal.

Shareholder Proposal No. 3 - Disclosure of languages mastered by executives (translated from French)
Argumentation submitted by the MÉDAC in support of its proposal

"It is proposed that the languages mastered by members of the management be disclosed in the proxy solicitation circular."

In 2023, we submitted a shareholder proposal requesting the disclosure of languages mastered by the directors of about twenty
public companies. Following discussions, almost all of these companies — including the 7 major banks — agreed to disclose this
information. This new proposal aims to disclose the same information regarding executives, at a minimum the "targeted senior
management members".

In recent years, several public controversies over language have tarnished the reputation of major public companies regarding their
social responsibility and their interpretation of their duties and obligations concerning diversity, inherent in our societies. Language,
embedded in the heart of our democratic institutions, is indeed a fundamental attribute of the community. It is essential to avoid
such situations, harmful in every respect, from recurring. Therefore, it is appropriate for all interested parties (stakeholders) to
know, through formal and official disclosure, the languages mastered by its executives. Obviously, by "mastery," it is understood to
mean a sufficient level of language to allow its generalized use, in all spheres of activity of individuals, both moral and physical; a
sufficient level of language to enable each executive to fully and entirely assume their duties and functions with their teams,
shareholders, and all parties.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                                99
Response from the Corporation

The Corporation upholds and complies with the Charter and adheres to all requirements related to the French language in the
course of its business activities and operations in the Province of Québec. We also comply with all applicable laws and regulations
relating to language in all jurisdictions in which we operate.

As a global corporation, we seek in our executive management team a diversity of skills, education, geographical representation,
business background, cultural background, global expertise, independence, financial and operational skills and sector and
geographic knowledge that meet our strategic needs and priorities. Our managers speak different languages in addition to English.
Our operations span several continents; in Europe, for instance, we have to deal with a wide variety of languages, sometimes within
the same country, and must therefore adopt a global management approach. Given the international nature of our operations, the
fact that our executives speak various languages enables each executive to fully and entirely assume their duties and functions
within their respective geographic regions, thereby ensuring that the Corporation's reputation for social responsibility remains
untarnished. Moreover, in a further step toward transparency, we now disclose the languages mastered by our NEOs in the
biographies listed under the "Our 2025 Named Executive Officers" section starting at page 58 of this Circular.

The Board of Directors believes that the Corporation’s current approach to addressing language diversity among its officers, by
ensuring they are able to fulfill their duties and responsibilities, is appropriate, and that additional disclosure regarding the
languages mastered by officers in the Circular would not provide valuable information to shareholders given the global nature of
the Corporation's activities.

Consequently, the Board of Directors considers it is neither advisable nor necessary to adopt this proposal, and
recommends voting AGAINST this proposal.

Shareholder Proposal No. 4 - Advisory vote on environmental policies (translated from French)

Argumentation submitted by the MÉDAC in support of its proposal

"It is proposed that the company adopts an annual advisory vote policy regarding its environmental and climate objectives and
action plan."

Since the adoption in 2019 of certain amendments to the Canadian Business Corporations Act ("CBCA"), directors can consider,
among other things, the interests of shareholders, employees, creditors, consumers, governments, and the environment in their
decision-making. More recently, a public interest bill was introduced in the Senate, which could eventually be called the Twenty-First
Century Business Act (the "Bill S-285"), proposing substantial amendments to the CBCA. In the legislative proposal, the "purpose" of
commercial enterprises is defined while linking the fiduciary duties of directors and officers to this new concept. According to a
potential new article of the CBCA, the "purpose of a company" would be:

"to best serve its interests while ensuring:

    •    to bring proportional benefits to the community and the environment relative to its size and the nature of its activities;
    •    to reduce, with a view to complete elimination, any harm it may cause to the community and the environment".

This concern of the legislator for environmental issues reflects the shareholders' and society's overall concern for environmental
issues and the impact that organizations can have on it. We therefore ask the board of directors to reconsider its position regarding
our proposal. Given that this proposal received a high percentage (16.99%) of votes in its favor in the past, we are resubmitting it.

Response from the Corporation

Since 2019, we have been advancing our sustainability journey with a strong focus on transparency, stakeholder engagement, and
long-term value creation. In 2020, we formalized our approach by embedding sustainability into our strategic thinking and decision-
making processes. This led to the launch of our Sustainability Framework in fiscal 2021, structured around the three core pillars of
People, Planet, and Prosperity. The framework reflects insights gathered from stakeholders, investors, and business leaders, and
serves as a guiding lens across our operations.

Oversight of our environmental, social, and governance (ESG) commitments is provided by the Board of Directors through the
Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee (HRCG). This includes monitoring climate-related risks and opportunities,
as well as the Corporation’s broader environmental impact. With nearly 17,000 stores globally, we are actively working to reduce our
footprint by expanding renewable fuel offerings, growing our electric vehicle charging network, and implementing energy and water



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                              100
efficiency measures. We also continue to collaborate with suppliers to introduce more sustainable packaging and to assess climate-
related risks and opportunities, as outlined in our Sustainability Report.

In fiscal 2025, we published our third report aligned with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosures (TCFD). We also completed a screening-level assessment of Scope 3 emissions, identifying upstream emissions from
purchased goods and services and downstream emissions from the use of sold products as material categories, both of which were
disclosed in our 2024 Sustainability Report. Our ESG reporting aligns with recognized frameworks such as the Global Reporting
Initiative (GRI) and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), reinforcing our commitment to transparency and
continuous improvement. Our reporting index is available at: https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/sustainability.

Given our ongoing progress on our sustainability journey and considering the added weight on governance that an
advisory vote on our environmental policies would raise, we believe that the Board, together with management, are in the
best position to fully assess and oversee the deployment of the Corporation’s ESG strategies, the Board of Directors
therefore recommends a vote AGAINST this proposal.

Shareholder Proposal No. 5 - In-person annual shareholder meetings (translated from French)

Argumentation submitted by the MÉDAC in support of its proposal

"It is proposed that the company's annual meetings be held in person, with virtual meetings added as a complement, without
replacing in-person meetings."

Since 2020, when annual meetings began to be held virtually due to COVID-19 health restrictions, we have made numerous
criticisms regarding the conduct of these meetings.

In the OECD Governance Principles, it is written:

           "[…] care must be taken to ensure that remote meetings do not reduce, compared to physical meetings, the opportunities
for shareholders to engage with boards and executives and ask them questions. Some jurisdictions have provided guidelines to
facilitate remote meetings, particularly regarding the handling of questions submitted to shareholders, their responses, and their
dissemination, to ensure transparent review of questions by boards and executives, including how questions are collected,
combined, processed, and communicated. These guidelines may also address how to manage disruptions related to technological
tools that may hinder remote access to meetings".

Virtual meetings offer recognized benefits, but they should not allow for the absence of in-person meetings. Like Teachers'28, we
believe that annual shareholder meetings should be held in person, with virtual meetings added as a complement (in a hybrid
format, as all banks did in 2023), without replacing in-person meetings. It is understood that all shareholders must enjoy the same
rights, regardless of their mode of participation, in person or remotely.

Given that this proposal received a high percentage (36.31%) of votes in its favor in the past, we are resubmitting it.

Response from the Corporation

The Corporation has opted to hold its annual meeting in a video webcast format. To further enhance transparency and shareholder
engagement, the Corporation will publish on its website the questions submitted and the responses provided during the annual
general meeting. Virtual meetings have become increasingly popular due to the significant advantages they offer, including the
equal footing of all shareholders and proxyholders around the world to participate in the fundamental decisions that are to be
made during the meeting, the significant carbon footprint reduction of virtual meetings compared to in-person or hybrid meetings,
as well as the minimized meeting-related costs for the issuer, the shareholders and other participants. With the adoption of a virtual
format and streamlined procedures, the Corporation's annual meetings now cause minimal disruption to shareholders' schedules,
allowing for efficient participation with reduced time commitment.

Beyond these considerations, the Corporation recognizes that regardless of the meetings’ format, it is crucial that its shareholders
and proxyholders are afforded the same rights and opportunities to vote and participate as they would have at an in-person
meeting. During the virtual meetings, shareholders and proxyholders can vote, propose motions, raise points of order, and
meaningfully communicate with ACT’s management and directors and with other shareholders. The Corporation is also committed
to maintaining transparent communication and fostering open, ongoing dialogue with all shareholders and investors beyond the
annual meeting forum.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                            101
Given our geographically diverse shareholder base and the significant carbon footprint reduction of virtual meetings
compared to in-person or hybrid meetings, the Board of Directors therefore recommends a vote AGAINST this proposal.


Shareholder Proposal No. 6 - Emission reduction strategy

Argumentation submitted by SHARE in support of its proposal

"Shareholders request that Alimentation Couche-Tard ("ACT") disclose an emissions reduction strategy including mid-term
greenhouse gas emissions ("GHG") reduction targets covering material Scope 1 and 2 emissions and aligned with the goals of the
Paris Agreement. Recognizing the company has quantified material Scope 3 emission categories, the strategy should also articulate
an approach to address these emissions. The company should, at reasonable expense and excluding proprietary information,
publish the above by the 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders."

In current disclosures, ACT recognizes the materiality of climate change and the related risks to which it is exposed, including
regulatory, legal, technology, market, and reputation risks, all of which threaten shareholder value if left unaddressed. ACT has
described likely financial and strategic impacts of these risks to its business, including decreased revenues due to reduced demand
for its products and services, and innovations in the market that outpace its ability to adapt. Given the scope of these transition
risks, the company must set clear emission reduction targets and implement an effective abatement strategy to manage them.

ACT has a goal to reduce net Scope 1 and 2 emissions from energy consumption by 50% by 2025 compared to a 2020 baseline,
including the use of carbon credits, and a "carbon neutrality" goal for net Scope 1 and 2 emissions from energy consumption by
2030, including the use of carbon credits. The portion of Scope 1 and 2 emissions covered by these targets and the extent to which
carbon credits are relied on to achieve them remain undisclosed leaving investors to guess at possible emissions coverage and
reduction scenarios. The lack of transparency about the use of carbon credits may also expose ACT to legal risks and may invite the
perception of greenwashing.

In addition, although ACT quantified its material Scope 3 emissions (categories 1 and 11) for the first time in 2024, it does not
articulate a coherent approach to reduce these emissions.

Internationally recognized standards including the International Financial Reporting Standards and GHG Protocol provide guidance
for emissions reporting and targets. ACT's current goals fall short of these recognized methodologies, creating a lack of clarity for
investors.

In sharp contrast to ACT, the company's self-identified peers Costco and Empire disclose unambiguous Scope 1 and 2 emissions
reduction mid-term targets with plans that identify the factors driving reductions. Regarding Scope 3 emissions, Costco plans to
expand its EV charging offerings and has a fuel transition plan detailing to investors its strategy to decarbonize.

Setting fulsome and comprehensible GHG emission targets is critical to ensure ACT's resilience, competitiveness, and long-term
viability in a changing regulatory and market landscape. Investors should be able to understand, in absolute terms, how much a
company plans to reduce its emissions and how these reductions map against each scope. ACT can assure investors that it
understands and is managing its emissions profile and associated climate risks by disclosing Paris-aligned GHG reduction targets
covering material emissions.

Response from the Corporation

The Corporation has demonstrated a clear and sustained commitment to climate-related transparency and action. As outlined in its
2024 Sustainability Report, the Corporation has already established ambitious Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions reduction
targets for 2025 and another for 2030. Moreover, the Corporation has outlined its efforts to reduce its Scope 3 emissions across the
various geographies in which it operates and during 2023, the Corporation completed a screening-level assessment to better
understand our relevant Scope 3 emission categories, in line with the GHG Protocol Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Standard.
Results from this screening exercise revealed that, in total, upstream emissions from purchased goods and services (more
specifically fuel and merchandise) and downstream emissions from the use of sold products (fuel), were identified as material
categories and disclosed in our Sustainability Report for 2024.

These targets are part of a broader strategy that includes initiatives such as expanding renewable fuel offerings, enhancing electric
vehicle charging infrastructure, and implementing energy efficiency upgrades across the Corporation's operations. These
disclosures reflect a proactive and pragmatic approach to climate risk management, balancing ambition with the operational,



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                           102
infrastructural, regulatory and market realities of a geographically diverse business environment. Ambitions that may be realistic
and achievable within a specific timeframe in one market may not be feasible or appropriate in another, and the Corporation's
strategy is therefore calibrated to pursue meaningful progress towards its ambitions while remaining responsive to the distinct
challenges and opportunities present in each operating environment and jurisdiction.

Given SHARE's objectives are already substantively addressed through the Corporation's existing commitments and
disclosures, the Board of Directors therefore recommends a vote AGAINST this proposal.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                        103
Appendix E
Non-IFRS Accounting Standards Measures

To provide more information for evaluating the Corporation’s performance, the financial information included in our financial
                                                                                     ®
documents contains certain data that are not performance measures under IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS Accounting Standards”), which are also calculated on an adjusted basis to exclude
specific items. Those performance measures are called “Non-IFRS Accounting Standards measures”. We believe that providing those
Non-IFRS Accounting Standards measures is useful to management, investors, and analysts, as they provide additional information
to measure the performance and financial position of the Corporation.

The following Non-IFRS Accounting Standards financial measures are used in our financial disclosures:

     •     Gross profit;
     •     Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and impairment (“EBITDA”).

The following Non-IFRS Accounting Standards ratio is used in our financial disclosures:

     •     Return on capital employed.

Non-IFRS Accounting Standards financial measures and ratios are mainly derived from the consolidated financial statements but do
not have standardized meanings prescribed by IFRS Accounting Standards. These Non-IFRS Accounting Standards measures should
not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards. In
addition, our definitions of Non-IFRS Accounting Standards measures may differ from those of other public corporations. Any such
modification or reformulation may be significant. These measures are also adjusted for the pro forma impact of our acquisitions
and impacts of new accounting standards if they are considered to be material.

Gross profit. Gross profit consists of Revenues less the Cost of sales, excluding depreciation, amortization and impairment. This
measure is considered useful for evaluating the underlying performance of our operations.

The table below reconciles Revenues and Cost of sales, excluding depreciation, amortization and impairment, as per IFRS
Accounting Standards, to Gross profit:

                                                                                                                             52-week periods ended
(in millions of US dollars)                                                                                               April 27, 2025      April 28, 2024
Revenues                                                                                                                        72,856.8           69,263.5
Cost of sales, excluding depreciation, amortization and impairment                                                              59,835.5           57,165.6
Gross profit                                                                                                                    13,021.3           12,097.9


Please note that the same reconciliation applies in the determination of gross profit by category and by geography presented in the
section “Summary Analysis of Consolidated Results for Fiscal 2025” of our Management Discussion & Analysis for the 52-week
period ended April 27, 2025 available on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.

Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and impairment (“EBITDA”) EBITDA represents Net earnings plus Income
taxes, Net financial expenses, and Depreciation, amortization and impairment. This performance measure is considered useful to
facilitate the evaluation of our ongoing operations and our ability to generate cash flows to fund our cash requirements, including
our capital expenditures program, share repurchases, and payment of dividends.

The table below reconciles Net earnings, as per IFRS Accounting Standards, to EBITDA:

                                                                52-week period     52-week period     53-week period     52-week period     52-week period
                                                                          ended              ended              ended              ended              ended
(in millions of US dollars)                                       April 27, 2025     April 28, 2024     April 30, 2023     April 24, 2022     April 25, 2021
Net earnings                                                            2,592.4            2,732.2            3,090.9            2,683.3            2,705.5
Add:
     Income taxes                                                         729.7              715.9              838.2              734.3              653.6
     Net financial expenses                                               512.5              387.9              306.7              281.0              342.5
     Depreciation, amortization and impairment                          2,105.4            1,760.1            1,525.9            1,545.7            1,358.9
EBITDA                                                                  5,940.0            5,596.1            5,761.7            5,244.3            5,060.5




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                                                  104
Return on capital employed. This measure is considered useful as it provides insights into our ability to generate returns from the
total amount of capital invested in our operations and it also helps in assessing our operational efficiency and capital allocation
decisions. Earnings before interest and taxes (“EBIT”) represents Net earnings plus Income taxes and Net financial expenses. Capital
employed represents total assets less short-term liabilities not bearing interest, which excludes the Short-term debt and current
portion of long-term debt and Current portion of lease liabilities. Average capital employed is calculated by taking the average of i)
the opening balance of capital employed for the 52-week periods and pro forma adjustments and ii) the ending balance of capital
employed for the 52-week periods.

The table below reconciles Net earnings, as per IFRS Accounting Standards, to EBIT with the ratio of Return on capital employed,
including the pro forma impact of the acquisition of certain European retail assets from TotalEnergies SE:

                                                                                                                              52-week periods ended
                                                                                                                                                            (1)
(in millions of US dollars, unless otherwise noted)                                                                        April 27, 2025     April 28, 2024
Net earnings                                                                                                                       2,592.4            2,732.2
Add:
      Income taxes                                                                                                                   729.7              715.9
      Net financial expenses                                                                                                         512.5              387.9
EBIT                                                                                                                               3,834.6            3,836.0
                                  (2)
      Pro forma adjustments                                                                                                             —               142.6
EBIT and pro forma adjustments                                                                                                     3,834.6            3,978.6
                                                (3)
      Capital employed - Opening balance                                                                                         30,962.0           24,330.7
                                  (4)
      Pro forma adjustments                                                                                                             —             5,116.3
      Capital employed - Opening balance and pro forma adjustments                                                               30,962.0           29,447.0
                                          (3)
      Capital employed - Ending balance                                                                                          31,898.7           30,962.0
Average capital employed                                                                                                         31,430.4           30,204.5
Return on capital employed                                                                                                          12.2%              13.2%


(1)    The information as at April 28, 2024 has been adjusted based on our final estimates of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for the
       acquisition of convenience retail and fuel sites operating under the MAPCO brand, and for the acquisition of certain European retail assets from
       TotalEnergies SE.

(2)    Represents the pre-acquisition EBIT estimate of the European retail assets acquired from TotalEnergies SE as well as the estimated impact of synergies and
       required capital expenditures for the same period. EBIT used in determining this adjustment is derived from unaudited financial information. Please refer
       to the “Forward-Looking Statements’’ section for additional information on expected synergies.

(3)    The table below reconciles balance sheet line items, as per IFRS Accounting Standards, to capital employed:

                                                                                                                 As at               As at               As at
(in millions of US dollars)                                                                             April 27, 2025    April 28, 2024
                                                                                                                                        (1)
                                                                                                                                               April 30, 2023
Total Assets                                                                                                  38,301.9           37,218.0            29,058.4
      Less: Current liabilities                                                                              (7,617.3)           (7,832.9)          (5,166.5)
      Add: Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt                                                 690.2            1,066.8                 0.7
      Add: Current portion of lease liabilities                                                                  523.9              510.1               438.1
Capital employed                                                                                              31,898.7           30,962.0           24,330.7


(4)    Represents the estimated impact of the European retail assets acquired from TotalEnergies SE on the opening balance of capital employed, using the same
       calculation methodology and based on the final estimates of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed for this acquisition at the acquisition
       date.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2025 Management Information Circular                                                                                           105
