Dear shareholders


On behalf of the Board of Directors and management of the Corporation, we are pleased to invite you to Alimentation Couche-
Tard Inc.’s annual meeting of shareholders which will be held on Wednesday, September 2, 2026, at 10:30 a.m. (EDT).
Our meeting will be held by live webcast to enable equal opportunity for all our shareholders to participate, vote and submit
questions regardless of their geographic location. Based on past practice, most of our shareholders vote in advance of the Meeting
by proxy using the various available voting channels and these voting channels will continue to be available. We encourage
shareholders to continue to vote in advance by proxy.
Fiscal 2026
This fiscal year was marked by continued global and economic uncertainty, as consumers across our markets remained under
pressure, carefully managing household spending and resetting their expectations for value. In this environment, our company
remained focused on execution at the store level, empowered local teams supported by scale, and a consistent commitment to
making it easy for customers.
During the year, management sharpened the Corporation’s strategic focus with the introduction of Core + More. This refreshed
strategy provides a clear framework for the business – amplifying the core categories where customers rely on us most while
investing in areas that strengthen future relevance, including food, loyalty, mobility, network development, and digital capabilities.
Core + More is enabled by ongoing cost discipline, process efficiency, and targeted investments in supply-chain, data, and
technology capabilities that support consistent execution across a growing enterprise.
At the same time, we refreshed our vision: to be the world’s favorite stop for people on the go. It reflects both the role
Couche-Tard plays in the daily routines of millions of customers around the world – and our Customer Promise to be fast, friendly,
and customer-ready with compelling value.
Performance during the year reflected this clearly, as we delivered same-store sales growth across our network. Within our
convenience business, we continued to build momentum across key categories, with improved execution and focus on value driving
growth in food as well as robust performance in packaged and dispensed beverages. Our fuel business performed well, supported
by disciplined execution and scale advantages across the value chain. Our B2B activities also delivered solid results in Europe
alongside continued growth in North America.
The    Corporation achieved several important strategic milestones during the year. We completed the acquisition of
GetGo Café + Markets, adding an established, food-forward regional retailer to our U.S. network. GetGo brings strong fresh food
and made-to-order expertise, along with a talented team, and is already contributing insights that are supporting the continued
evolution of our food offering.
During the year, Couche-Tard added or improved 130 sites in our network through a combination of new-to-industry stores,
relocations and raze-and-rebuild projects. Supported by a strong development pipeline, the Company plans to build on this
momentum with ambitions for more than 750 new sites over the next five years.
Meanwhile, we continued to invest in the backbone of our operations. This fiscal year, the Corporation opened three new
distribution centers in the United States, expanding our self-distribution network and improving availability, efficiency, and
cost-to-serve across thousands of stores. These investments strengthen execution today while creating capacity to support
continued growth.
Our loyalty platforms also delivered strong momentum. Inner Circle continued to expand across the United States, while Extra
progressed across Europe. With loyalty, we are reaching more customers and deepening engagement through more personalized
offers and more timely communication at key moments of decision, helping drive traffic and frequency.
None of this progress would be possible without our people. We are proud that, for the fifth consecutive year, Couche-Tard was
honored with the Gallup Exceptional Workplace Award, this year as a Winner with Distinction. This recognition reflects the
engagement of our teams and the strength of our culture.
Over more than 45 years, Couche-Tard has grown by staying close to customers, empowering local decision-making, and
maintaining financial and operational discipline. As the Company continues to evolve and expand, these principles – combined with
our scale, strategy, people – position us well to create long-term, sustainable value.
                                                                                                                                  ii

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Global company
From a company that started over 45 years ago with a single store, this year we have reached close to 17,300 stores, approximately
145,000 team members and operations in 27 countries. As we conclude another challenging year, we remain confident that by
relying on our values, long-term strategy, global scale and proven ability to successfully grow the network, we will continue to move
forward in our vision to be the world’s favorite stop for people on the go. We want to thank our team members and customers for
their continued commitment to the business, and express our gratitude to our shareholders for their unwavering support.
Your vote is important
Detailed instructions for participating at our Meeting and a description of the business matters to be considered are included in the
notice of annual meeting of shareholders and the accompanying management information circular. Please take some time to read
before you vote your shares as it discusses many important topics.
We look forward to engaging with you at our Meeting.
Sincerely,
(s) Alain Bouchard                                     (s) Alex Miller
Alain Bouchard                                         Alex Miller
Founder and Executive Chairman                         President and Chief Executive Officer




                                                                                                                                iii

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
   Notice of our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders and
                   availability of materials
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. (the “Corporation”) will hold its annual meeting of
shareholders (the “Meeting”).

Date, time and place
When                                                               Where
Wednesday, September 2, 2026, at 10:30 a.m. (EDT)                  Virtual meeting via live webcast at
                                                                   https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-811-807-030
This year we will hold the Meeting in a virtual-only format, which will be conducted by live webcast to give our shareholders an equal
opportunity to participate, vote and submit questions, regardless of their geographical location.

You can find out more about our policies and practices relating to virtual meetings, as well as detailed instructions on how to cast
your vote and ask questions in the enclosed management information circular (the “Circular”).

Business to be transacted at the Meeting
    1.   To receive our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended April 26, 2026, together with the
         auditor’s reports.
    2.   To appoint our independent auditor until the next annual meeting of shareholders and authorize the Board of Directors of
         the Corporation (the "Board" or "Board of Directors") to set its remuneration.
    3.   To elect each of the directors nominated to serve on our Board until the next annual meeting of the Shareholders or until
         their successors are appointed.
    4.   To approve in a non-binding advisory capacity our approach to executive compensation policies.
    5.   To vote on three shareholder proposals we received from shareholders this year, as set out in Appendix D of the Circular.

Notice and Access
As permitted under Canadian securities regulations, you are receiving this notification as the Corporation has decided to use the
notice-and-access mechanism for delivery to both registered and non-registered shareholders of this notice of annual meeting of
shareholders, the Circular prepared in connection with the Meeting, and other proxy-related materials (the “Meeting Materials”).
You can download the Meeting Materials at https://corpo.couche-tard.com/en/investors/shareholders-ressources/annual-general-
meeting-documents/.

How to request a paper copy of the Meeting Materials
If you would prefer to receive a paper copy of the Circular, please call us at the number in the box to the left, or send us an email,
and we will mail it to you at no cost. Note that we will not mail the proxy form or voting instruction form, so please keep the
one you received with the notice of meeting.




Call                                                               Send an email
1 (888) 433-6443 (toll-free in North America)                      tsxt-fulfilment@tmx.com
1 (416) 682-3801 (outside North America)

We need to receive your request by August 19, 2026 if you want to receive the Circular before the Meeting. After the Meeting,
please call 1 (888) 433-6443 or 1 (416) 682-3801 to ask for a printed copy.



                                                                                                                                 iv

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Attendance and voting at the Meeting
The record date for determination of shareholders entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Meeting (the “Record Date”) was
July 8, 2026. Only shareholders whose names have been entered in the register of the shares of the Corporation on the close of
business on the Record Date will be entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the Meeting. Shareholders who acquire shares after
the Record Date will not be entitled to vote such shares at the Meeting.
Registered shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders will be able to attend, participate, vote and ask questions in writing or by
telephone live at the Meeting.
Non-registered shareholders who have not duly appointed themselves as their proxy will be able to attend the Meeting only as
guests. Guests will be able to listen to the Meeting but will not be able to vote or ask questions.

Registered shareholders                                             Non-registered shareholders
You are a registered shareholder if your shares are held in your You are a non-registered shareholder if your shares are listed in
name.                                                            an account statement provided to you by an intermediary.

Shareholders who wish to appoint a proxyholder other than the persons designated by the Corporation on the form of proxy or
voting instruction form (including a non-registered shareholder who wishes to appoint themselves as proxyholder) must carefully
follow the instructions in the Circular and on their form of proxy or voting instruction form. These instructions include the additional
step of registering such proxyholder with our transfer agent, TSX Trust Company ("TSX Trust"), after submitting their form of proxy
or voting instruction form. Failure to register the proxyholder will result in the proxyholder not receiving a control number that will
act as their online sign-in credentials and is required for them to vote at the Meeting and, consequently, will only be able to attend
the Meeting online as a guest.
We have enclosed a proxy form or voting information form with the notice of meeting. If you cannot attend the Meeting, please sign
and return the form following the instructions on starting on page 6 of the Circular.

Questions
If you have any questions regarding the notice of meeting, the notice-and-access mechanism or the Meeting please call TSX Trust at
1 (800) 387-0825.

By order of the Board of Directors,
(s) Mélanie Charbonneau

Mélanie Charbonneau
Chief Legal Affairs and Corporate Secretary
Laval, Québec
July 8, 2026




                                                                                                                                    v

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
TABLE OF CONTENTS


3        General Information
5        Our Shares, Quorum and Principal Shareholders


6        Voting Information
6        Notice-and-Access
6        Who can vote
7        Appointment of proxyholder
8        How to vote


11       Business of the Meeting
11       Presentation of our consolidated financial statements
11       Appointing of auditor
12       Election of directors
13       Voting on our approach to executive compensation
13       Shareholder proposals


14       Nominees for election to the Board of Directors
14       Director Nominee profiles
31       Attributes of our directors
32       Other information about Director Nominees


34       Director Compensation
34       Our director Compensation Program
34       Annual Retainers
34       Non-Executive Directors minimum equity ownership requirements
35       Deferred Share Unit Plan
35       Non-Executive Directors compensation table
36       Incentive plan awards – value vested or earned during fiscal 2026
36       Upcoming changes to Non-Executive Director compensation in fiscal 2027
37       Letter from the Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
39       Our Corporate Governance practices
39       Composition of our Board
45       Role and duties of our Board and its Committees
48       About our Board Committees
51       Ethical business behaviour and Ethics Code of Conduct
54       Shareholder engagement and transparency
55       Human capital management


59       Compensation Discussion and Analysis
59       2026 Performance
60       Our 2026 Named Executive Officers
63       Executive 2026 Compensation at a Glance and Performance
66       Executive Compensation Program

                                                                                           1

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
69       Annual Compensation Review Process on Management of Risk
73       Executive Share Ownership Requirement
74       Description of Compensation paid to NEOs in 2026
79       Termination and Change of Control Benefit
83       Key Compensation Tables


88       Appendices
89       Appendix A – Glossary
91       Appendix B – Mandate of the Board of Directors
94       Appendix C – Summaries of our long-term incentive plans
100      Appendix D – Shareholder Proposals




                                                                       2

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
General Information
We are sending you this document because you owned shares of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. ("Alimentation Couche-
Tard Inc.", "Couche-Tard", the "Corporation", "we", or "our") on July 8, 2026. We encourage you to vote at our annual
meeting of shareholders by soliciting your proxy.



                    Where to get more information
                    You can find financial information about us in our 2026 Annual Report, which includes our
                    audited, consolidated financial statements and management’s discussion and analysis
                    (MD&A). You can learn more about the Audit Committee in our 2026 Annual Information Form.
                    These documents and others are on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com) and on SEDAR+
                    (sedarplus.ca). If you would like paper copies of these documents, please call us or send us an
                    email, and we will mail them to you at no cost:


                               Call: 1 (450) 662-6632


                               Send an email investor.relations@couche-tard.com



The information in this document is as of July 8, 2026, and all dollar amounts expressed herein are in Canadian dollars unless noted
otherwise.
Forward looking statements
This management information circular includes certain statements that are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the
securities laws of Canada. Any statement in this management information circular that is not a statement of historical fact may be
deemed to be a forward-looking statement. When used in this management information circular, the words “believe”, “could”,
“should”, “intend”, “expect”, “estimate”, “assume”, “aim”, “align”, “maintain”, “continue”, “effect”, “growth”, “position”, “seek”, “strategy”,
“strive”, “will”, “may”, “might” and other similar expressions, or the negative of these terms, are generally intended to identify
forward-looking statements.
Although we base the forward-looking statements contained in this management information circular on assumptions that we
believe are reasonable, it is important to know that the forward-looking statements in this management information circular
describe our expectations in light of the information available to us as at July 8, 2026, which are inherently not guarantees of the
future performance of the Corporation or its industry, and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause the
Corporation’s or the industry’s outlook, actual results (including our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, the
achievement of our targets, goals and commitments, the development of the industry in which we operate, or the measures we
adopt), performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or
implied by such statements. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or
review of all relevant information. Although we believe there is a reasonable basis for the forward-looking statements, our actual
results could be materially different from our expectations if known or unknown risks affect our business, or if our estimates or
assumptions turn out to be inaccurate. A change affecting an assumption can also have an impact on the degree of realization of a
particular projection or other interrelated assumptions, which could increase or diminish the effect of the change. Assumptions
such as synergies objective are based on our comparative analysis of organizational structures and current level of spending across
the Corporation’s network as well as on the Corporation’s ability to bridge the gap, where relevant, and the Corporation’s
assessment of current contracts in the geographical areas of operations and how the Corporation expects to be able to renegotiate
these contracts to take advantage of our increased purchasing power. In addition, our synergies objective assumes that we will be
able to establish and maintain an effective process for sharing best practices across our network. The achievement of our objectives
is also based on assumptions relative to our ability to execute our development initiatives and strategic investments as planned, as
well as market and economic assumptions relative to, among other, currencies, industry trends and macroeconomic development,
tax laws or treaties applicable to the Corporation, regulations affecting our operations, and inflation rates. Finally, the achievement
of our objectives is also based on our ability to integrate acquired business. An important change in these facts and assumptions

                                                                                                                                          3

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
could significantly impact our synergies estimate as well as the timing of the implementation of our different initiatives. As a result,
we cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will materialize and, accordingly, the reader is urged to consider the risks,
uncertainties, and assumptions carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements and is cautioned not to place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements do not take into account the effect that transactions or special
items announced or occurring after the statements are made may have on our business. For example, they do not include sales of
assets, monetization, mergers, acquisitions, other business combinations or transactions, asset write-down, the impact of
pandemics and geopolitical conflicts and tensions, including, without limitation, the impacts of the hostilities and geopolitical
tensions in the Middle East, or other charges announced or occurring after forward-looking statements are made.
The foregoing risks and uncertainties include the risks set forth under “Business Risks” in our management discussion and analysis
for the fiscal year ended April 26, 2026, as well as other risks detailed from time to time in reports filed by the Corporation with
securities authorities in Canada and available on SEDAR+ under the Corporation’s profile at www.sedarplus.ca. The risks described
in this management information circular and in those reports are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks not presently
known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also significantly impair our business, financial position or results of
operations. None of the statements contained in this management information circular are intended to be, nor shall be deemed to
be, representations or warranties of the Corporation and its affiliates. Where the information is from third-party sources, the
information is from sources believed to be reliable, but the Corporation has not independently verified any of such information
contained herein.
Our forward-looking statements in this management information circular speak only as of July 8, 2026, and unless otherwise
required by applicable securities laws, we expressly disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Our business is subject to substantial risks and
uncertainties, including those referenced above. Investors, potential investors, and others should give careful consideration to these
risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements contained in this management information circular are expressly qualified
by this cautionary statement.
Non-IFRS Accounting Standards Measures
To provide more information for evaluating the Corporation’s performance, the financial information included in this management
information circular contains certain data that are not performance measures under IFRS® Accounting Standards as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board (“IFRS Accounting Standards”), which may also be calculated on an adjusted basis to
exclude specific items. Those performance measures are called “Non-IFRS Accounting Standards measures”. We believe that
providing those Non-IFRS Accounting Standards measures is useful to management, investors, and analysts, as they provide
additional information to measure the performance and financial position of the Corporation.
In this management information circular, we use gross profit and, a non-IFRS Accounting Standards financial measure. We also use
leverage ratio, a non-IFRS Accounting Standards ratio for which its composition includes the following non-IFRS Accounting
Standards financial measures:
    •    Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and impairment (“EBITDA”) and adjusted EBITDA; and
    •    Interest-bearing debt and net interest-bearing debt.
These financial measures and ratios do not have any standardized meaning under IFRS Accounting Standards and may differ from
similar measures presented by other public corporations. Refer to the “Non-IFRS Accounting Standards Measures” section of our
management discussion and analysis ("MD&A") for the fiscal year ended April 26, 2026, which is incorporated by reference herein
and is available on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca, for more information, including their composition and the reconciliation to the
most directly comparable IFRS Accounting Standards financial measure.




                                                                                                                                   4

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Our Shares, Quorum and Principal Shareholders
Our Voting Shares and Principal Holders Thereof
Under the current articles of incorporation of the Corporation, the Corporation has one class of shares: an unlimited number of
Common Shares, which carry one vote per share.
On August 31, 2022, the Corporation announced that a special resolution was adopted authorizing the Corporation to amend its
articles of incorporation effective September 1, 2022, in accordance with the approval by a requisite majority of the votes cast by the
shareholders attending or represented by proxy at the Annual General and Special Meeting of Shareholders. The special resolution
authorized the Corporation to (i) create a new class of shares, namely an unlimited number of common shares (the “Common
Shares”), which carry one vote per share; (ii) convert each of the issued and outstanding Class A Multiple Voting Shares (the "Class A
Shares"), which carried 10 votes per share, into one Common Share; and (iii) after giving effect to the aforesaid conversion, repeal
the Class A Shares and the Class B Subordinate Voting Shares of the Corporation as well as the rights, privileges, restrictions and
conditions attaching thereto (the "Conversion Event").
As a result of the Conversion Event, the Common Shares are the Corporation's only class of shares issued and outstanding and as of
July 8, 2026 there were 917,962,609 Common Shares issued and outstanding. Unless indicated otherwise, the term Shares used
herein refers to the Corporation's Common Shares.
To the best of the knowledge of the directors and named executive officers of the Corporation, Mr. Alain Bouchard is the only
person who, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns or exercises control over 10% or more of the votes attached to the Shares. As of
July 8, 2026, Mr. Bouchard held 123,573,993 of the Shares representing 13.46% of the current issued and outstanding shares of the
Corporation.

Our Quorum
Pursuant to the by-laws of the Corporation, a quorum of shareholders is present at the Meeting if the holders of not less than 25%
of all issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the Meeting are present in person or represented by proxy.

Normal Course Issuer Bid ("NCIB")
On July 21, 2025 the Corporation announced that the Toronto Stock Exchange ("TSX") approved the renewal of its NCIB, authorizing
the Corporation to purchase for cancellation, on the open market through the facilities of the TSX and through alternative trading
systems in Canada, as well as outside the facilities of the TSX pursuant to exemption orders issued by securities regulators, a
maximum of 77,115,921 Shares, representing 10% of the 771,159,210 public float as at July 14, 2025. Repurchases under the NCIB
were authorized to commence on July 23, 2025, and end at the latest on July 22, 2026.
During the 12-month period ended April 26, 2026, the Corporation repurchased for cancellation a total of 29,952,075 Shares under
its previous NCIB through the facilities of the TSX and alternative Canadian trading systems for an approximate total cost of
approximately CA$2,167 million and at a weighted average price paid per share of CA$72.34.




                                                                                                                                  5

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Voting Information
Please join us at our virtual-only annual meeting of shareholders (the "Meeting"). This section of our management information
circular (the "Circular") tells you about the Meeting, how you can vote, and the items you will be voting on.

When                                                                Where
Wednesday, September 2, 2026, at 10:30 a.m. (EDT)                   Virtual meeting via live webcast at
                                                                    https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-811-807-030

Notice-and-Access
As permitted by Canadian securities regulators, we are using notice-and-access (as defined in National Instrument 54-101 -
Communication with Beneficial Owners of Securities of a Reporting Issuer ("NI-54-101")) to deliver the Meeting materials, including
this Circular, to both our registered and non-registered shareholders.

This means that the Circular is being posted online for shareholders to access, rather than being mailed out. Notice-and-access
gives shareholders more choice, substantially reduces the Corporation’s printing and mailing costs, and is more environmentally
friendly as it reduces materials and energy consumption. Shareholders will still receive a form of proxy or a voting instruction form
in the mail (unless shareholders have chosen to receive proxy materials electronically) so they can vote their shares but, instead of
automatically receiving a paper copy of this Circular, shareholders will receive a notice with information about how they can access
the Circular electronically and how to request a paper copy. This Circular is available on the Corporation’s website at https://
corpo.couche-tard.com/en/investors/shareholders-ressources/annual-general-meeting-documents/              or    on     SEDAR+       at
www.sedarplus.ca. Shareholders may request a paper copy of this Circular at no cost, up to one year from the date this Circular was
filed on SEDAR+. To ensure you receive paper copies of the materials in advance of the voting deadline and meeting date, all
requests must be received no later than August 19, 2026. If you do request paper copies of the current materials, please note that
another Proxy/Voting Instruction Form will not be sent; please retain your current one for voting purposes. Request materials by
calling toll-free within North America at 1 (888) 433-6443, from outside of North America at (416) 682-3801 or by email at tsxt-
fulfilment@tmx.com.

Who can vote
This year, the Corporation is providing facilities to allow its shareholders to participate in a virtual meeting format whereby
registered shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders may attend and participate in the Meeting via live webcast. Attending the
Meeting online enables registered shareholders and duly appointed proxyholders, including non-registered shareholders who have
duly appointed themselves as proxyholder, to participate at the Meeting, vote and ask questions in writing and by telephone, all in
real time.
You can vote at the Meeting if you held Shares at the close of business on July 8, 2026.

Registered shareholders                                             Non-registered shareholders
You are a registered shareholder if your shares are registered You are a non-registered shareholder when your Shares are
directly in your name with our Transfer Agent. You hold your held in the name of an intermediary, usually a bank, trust
Shares through the direct registration system (DRS) on the company, security dealer or broker or other financial institution.
records of our Transfer Agent in electronic form. Your proxy When you receive a voting instruction form, this tells you that
form tells you whether you are a registered shareholder or not. you are a non-registered shareholder.

Registered shareholders
If you are a registered shareholder, you will receive a form of proxy containing the relevant details concerning the business of the
Meeting, including a control number that must be used to vote by proxy in advance of the Meeting, or join the live webcast the day
of the Meeting to participate and vote at the Meeting.

In order to attend the online Meeting, please follow the instructions set below under the heading How to vote.




                                                                                                                                 6

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Non-registered shareholders
Your intermediary is required to seek your voting instructions in advance of the Meeting. You will have received from your
intermediary a package of information with respect to the Meeting, including either a proxy form or a voting instruction form. Each
intermediary has its own signature and return instructions. It is important that you comply with these instructions if you want the
voting rights attached to your shares to be exercised.
If you vote by Internet or telephone, you must do so no later than 10:30 a.m. (EDT) on August 31, 2026. In rare cases, non-registered
shareholders may have received a form of proxy instead of a voting instruction form. Such a form of proxy will likely be stamped by
the applicable intermediary. In such a case, you may have to follow the instructions in this Circular applicable to registered
shareholders. The Company may use Broadridge’s QuickVote™ service to take voting instructions over the phone from eligible non-
registered shareholders.
Non-registered shareholders who have not duly appointed themselves as proxyholder will not be entitled to vote at the
Meeting during the live webcast. If you are a non-registered shareholder and have not appointed yourself as a proxyholder, you
will be able to attend the Meeting as a guest but will not be able to vote your shares at the Meeting. To appoint yourself as
proxyholder, you may follow the instructions set out below under the heading How to vote.


Appointment of proxyholder

Voting by proxy means having someone else (your proxyholder) vote for you at the meeting.             BE SURE TO VOTE
Unless you appoint someone else, Alain Bouchard or Alex Miller will be your proxyholder (the          BEFORE THE DEADLINE
"Named Proxyholder"). This includes non-registered shareholders who wish to appoint                   Your     proxy   must     be
themselves as proxyholder to attend, participate or vote at the Meeting online.                       received by 10:30 a.m.
                                                                                                      (EDT) on August 31, 2026,
If you want to appoint someone else to be your proxyholder, write that person’s name in
                                                                                                      or two business days
the space provided on the proxy form or the voting information form (as applicable),
                                                                                                      before the meeting if it is
and make sure they follow all the instructions set out below under the heading How to
                                                                                                      adjourned or postponed in
vote. The person you appoint does not need to be a shareholder of the Corporation.
                                                                                                      accordance with applicable
Shareholders who wish to appoint someone other than the Corporation’s proxyholders as their           Canadian           securities
proxyholder to attend and participate at the Meeting as their proxy and vote their Shares             regulations. The chairman
MUST submit their form of proxy or voting instruction form, as applicable, appointing that            of the meeting can waive or
person as proxyholder AND register that proxyholder, as described below. Registering your             extend the proxy voting
proxyholder is an additional step to be completed AFTER you have submitted your form of               deadline at his or her
proxy or voting instruction form. Failure to register your proxyholder will result in the             discretion, without notice.
proxyholder not receiving a control number that is required to vote at the Meeting.

         Step 1 - Submit your form of proxy or voting instruction form: To appoint yourself or a
         third-party proxyholder, insert your or such person’s name in the blank space
         provided in the form of proxy or voting instruction form and follow the instructions for
         submitting such proxy or voting instruction form. This must be completed prior to
         registering such proxyholder, which is an additional step to be completed once you
         have submitted your form of proxy or voting instruction form.

        Step 2 - Register your proxyholder: To register yourself or a third-party proxyholder,
        shareholders must either call 1 (866) 751-6315 (toll free in Canada and the United
        States) or 1 (416) 682-3860 or complete the online form at https://www.tsxtrust.com/
        control-number-request not later than 10:30 a.m. (EDT) on August 31, 2026, or, if the
        Meeting is adjourned or postponed, not less than 48 hours (excluding Saturdays,
        Sundays and holidays) before the time and date of the adjourned or postponed
        meeting, and provide TSX Trust with the required proxyholder contact information so
        that TSX Trust may provide the proxyholder with a control number via email. Without a
        control number, proxyholders will not be able to vote or ask questions at the Meeting
        but will be able to participate as a guest.




                                                                                                                                7

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
How your Shares will be voted
Your proxyholders will follow your voting instructions. Unless you appoint someone else, Alain Bouchard or Alex Miller will be
the Named Proxyholder and will vote as follows:
  ▪   for the appointment of our auditor;
  ▪   for the election of each nominated director;
  ▪   for our approach to executive compensation;
  ▪   against shareholder proposals;

If any of the nominees are unable to serve as a director for any reason, your proxyholder can vote your Shares for another nominee
at their discretion, unless you have specified on your proxy form that you have withheld from voting in the election of directors.
If other matters properly come before the Meeting, your proxyholders can vote as they see fit.

Revoking your proxy
If you change your mind about how you want to vote your Shares, you can revoke your proxy by sending a new proxy form (signed
by you or your authorized attorney) by 10:30 a.m. EDT) on August 31, 2026 to TSX Trust Company, Proxy Department, P.O. Box 721,
Agincourt, ON M1S 0A1. If your proxy and voting instructions were conveyed over the internet or by email, conveying new voting
instructions within the applicable cut-off times will automatically revoke your prior voting instructions.

Proxy solicitation
We solicit proxies by mail, but brokers and others who hold shares as nominees may send proxy material to beneficial owners of
our shares. We may also use telephone and other means of communication to solicit proxies. We pay the cost of proxy solicitation
made by us. Such costs are expected to be nominal. The Corporation has also retained Laurel Hill Advisory Group (“Laurel Hill”) to
assist in connection with the Corporation's communications with shareholders and to providing corporate governance best
practices. In connection with these services, Laurel Hill will receive a fee of $50,000 plus out-of-pocket expenses. The Corporation
will bear all costs of this solicitation.
How to vote

Option 1: vote by proxy in advance of Meeting
Registered shareholders
             1. Online
             Go to www.meeting-vote.com and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your proxy form.

             2. By telephone
             Call 1 (888) 489-7352 toll-free from anywhere in Canada and the United States and an agent will help you vote online. You
             will need the control number listed on your proxy form.

             3. By mail, fax or email
             Complete, sign and date your proxy form following the instructions on the form. You can send it to us in one of the
             following three ways:
             Mail it to our transfer agent, TSX Trust Company, using the prepaid envelope provided.


             Fax it to 1 (416) 607-7964



             Scan and email it to proxyvote@tmx.com.




                                                                                                                                    8

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Non Registered shareholders
            1. Online
            Go to www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your voting instruction
            form.

            2. By telephone
            Call 1 (800) 474-7493 (English) or 1 (800) 474-7501 (French) toll-free from anywhere in Canada and 1 (800) 454-8683 from the
            United States and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your voting instruction form.
            3. By mail
            Complete, sign and date your voting instruction form following the instructions on the form and return it in the business
            reply envelope provided.



Employees holding shares under the ESPP
Employee shares purchased by employees of the Corporation or its subsidiaries under the ESPP (the “Employee Shares”) are
registered in the name of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc., as nominee and Canadian Western Trust holds the Employee Shares as a
trustee, in accordance with the provisions of the ESPP, unless the employees have withdrawn their shares from the plan.
If you hold Employee Shares, you can direct your proxyholder to vote your Employee Shares as you instruct. Instructions are given
to your proxyholder by proxy in the manner described below.
            1. Online
            Go to www.meeting-vote.com and follow the instructions. You will need the control number listed on your voting instruction
            form.

            2. By telephone
            Call 1 (888) 489-7352 toll-free from anywhere in Canada and the United States and an agent will help you vote online. You
            will need the control number listed on your voting instruction form.
            3. By mail
            Complete, sign and date your voting instruction form following the instructions on the form and return it in the business
            reply envelope provided.

TSX Trust, the Corporation’s transfer agent, must have received your proxy form or you must have voted by internet or telephone
no later than 10:30 a.m. (EDT) on August 31, 2026. See Appointment of proxy for the complete procedure to follow to appoint another
person to act as your proxyholder.
Option 2: vote virtually at the Meeting
Registered shareholders
If you are a registered shareholder, you will be able to attend, participate, submit questions and vote live at the Meeting by logging
in online and following the below instructions:
     1.   Log in online at https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-811-807-030 at least 30 minutes before the Meeting starts
     2.   Click “I have a control number”
     3.   Enter the control number located on the form of proxy or in the email notification you received
     4.   Enter the password “couchetard2026” (case sensitive)
     5.   Follow the instructions to access the Meeting, and vote when prompted




                                                                                                                                      9

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Non Registered shareholders, including Employees holding shares under the ESPP
If you are a non-registered shareholder, you can vote your shares at the Meeting if you have instructed your nominee to appoint
yourself as a proxyholder by submitting your voting instruction form identifying yourself as a proxyholder. To do this, follow the
procedure set out under Appointment of a Proxyholder. Once you have appointed yourself and have received the 13-digit
proxyholder control number, you will be able to attend, participate, submit questions and vote live at the Meeting by following the
instructions below:
      1.   Log in at https://meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-811-807-030 at least 30 minutes before the Meeting starts
      2.   Click on “I have a control number”
      3.   Enter your control number
      4.   Enter the password: “couchetard2026” (case sensitive)
      5.   Follow the instructions to access the Meeting, and vote when prompted.

If you are a non-registered shareholder and you have not instructed your nominee to appoint you as proxyholder, you will not be
able to vote at the Meeting but will be able to attend as a guest.

You have to be connected to the internet at all times in order to be able to vote when solicited – it is your responsibility to make
sure you stay connected for the entire Meeting. You should connect 30 minutes in advance in order to allow ample time to check
into the Meeting online and complete the related procedure. If you have any questions with respect to the meeting or need help
with voting, we invite you to contact Laurel Hill Advisory Group, by calling 1-877-452-7184 (toll-free in Canada and the United States)
or 1-416-304-0211 (International), by texting “INFO” to either number, or by email at assistance@laurelhill.com.

Guests
If you wish to attend the Meeting as a guest, you can attend the Meeting by logging online at https://
meetings.lumiconnect.com/400-811-807-030 at least 15 minutes before the Meeting starts. You should allow ample time to check
into the virtual Meeting and to complete the related procedures. Please click “I am a guest” and fill in the registration form before
clicking "Continue". Guests will be able to attend the Meeting but will not be able to submit questions, vote their Shares (if any) or
otherwise participate in the Meeting.

Asking questions at the Meeting
It is recommended to shareholders and proxyholders to submit their questions as soon as possible during the Meeting so they can
be addressed at the right time. There are two ways to ask questions during the Meeting. Questions may be submitted in writing by
using the relevant “Messaging” function during the Meeting. Questions may also be asked over the telephone. To do so, the
shareholder or proxyholder will need to submit its telephone number by using the relevant dialog box in the "Messaging" function
during the Meeting in order to be reached by telephone at the appropriate time. Your telephone number will not be shared with the
other Meeting attendees. Only shareholders and duly appointed and registered proxyholders may ask questions during the
question period.

The Executive Chairman and other members of management present at the Meeting will answer questions relating to matters to be
voted on before a vote is held on each matter, if applicable. General questions will be addressed by them at the end of the Meeting
during the question period. So that as many questions as possible are answered, shareholders and proxyholders are asked to be
brief and concise and to address only one topic per question. Questions from multiple shareholders on the same topic or that are
otherwise related will be grouped, summarized and answered together.

All shareholder questions are welcome. However, the Corporation does not intend to address questions that:
  ▪   are irrelevant to the Corporation’s operations or to the business of the Meeting;
  ▪   are related to non-public information about the Corporation;
  ▪   are related to personal grievances;
  ▪   constitute derogatory references to individuals or that are otherwise offensive to third parties;
  ▪   are repetitious or have already been asked by other shareholders;
  ▪   are in furtherance of a shareholder’s personal or business interest; or
  ▪   are out of order or not otherwise appropriate as determined by the Executive Chairman or Secretary of the Meeting in their
      reasonable judgment.

The Corporation will publish on its website for a period of thirty days, any questions submitted and the responses provided during
the annual general meeting




                                                                                                                                 10

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Business of the Meeting
The Meeting will cover the following five items of business:
    (1) Presentation of our audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended April 26, 2026, together with the
        auditor’s reports.
    (2) Appointment of our independent auditor until the next annual meeting of shareholders and authorize the Board of
        Directors of the Corporation (the "Board" or "Board of Directors") to set its remuneration.
    (3) Election of each of the directors nominated to serve on our Board until the next annual meeting of the Shareholders or
        until their successors are appointed.
    (4) Consideration and approval, in a non-binding advisory capacity our approach to executive compensation policies.
    (5) Vote on three shareholder proposals we received from shareholders this year, as set out in Appendix D of the Circular.

As at the date of this Circular, management is not aware of any other matters to be brought forward at the Meeting. However, the
proxy form confers discretionary authority upon the persons named therein to vote on any other matters to be brought forward at
the Meeting.

1 Presentation of our consolidated financial statements

We will present our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended April 26, 2026, together with the auditor’s reports.
We have mailed our consolidated financial statements to shareholders who have requested to receive a copy. You can also find a
copy in our 2026 Annual Report, which is on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com) and on SEDAR+ (sedarplus.ca).

2 Appointing of auditor

The Board, on the recommendation of the Audit Committee, recommends appointing
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, a partnership of Chartered Professional Accountants ("PwC") as                MANAGEMENT
our auditor until the next annual meeting of shareholders at a remuneration to be fixed by the            RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
Board. If you have not specified how you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the
Named Proxyholder as your proxyholder, the Named Proxyholder will vote FOR the                            FOR
appointment of PwC as independent auditor of the Corporation and FOR authorizing the Board                THE AUDITOR
to determine its remuneration.
The Audit Committee has adopted procedures for the pre-approval of engagement for services
of its external auditor, which require pre-approval of all audit and non-audit services provided
by the external auditor. Moreover, the Board, upon recommendation of the Audit Committee,
approves, on an annual basis, the fees charged to the Corporation by PwC. The table below
shows the fees we paid to PwC for services in the 2026 and 2025 fiscal years respectively:

                                                   Fiscal 2026             Fiscal 2025
                                                   (year ended April 26)   (year ended April 27)
              Audit fees                           $           6,348,174   $         5,813,661
              Audit-related fees                   $            420,994    $           265,021
              Tax fees                             $             92,534    $            50,778
              All other fees                       $            185,984    $           143,310
              Total                                $           7,047,686   $         6,272,770

Audit fees are for auditing our annual consolidated financial statements, our internal control over financial reporting and for
services that are normally provided by the auditor in connection with an engagement to audit the financial statements of an issuer:
  ▪ statutory or regulatory audit and certification engagements, mainly related to European subsidiaries (2026: $3,334,459,
    2025: $3,098,011) ;
  ▪ consultations related to specific audit or accounting matters that arise during or as a result of an audit or review;
  ▪ services in connection with the Corporation’s quarterly reports and other filings (2026: $385,200 , 2025: $340,000).




                                                                                                                               11

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Audit-related fees are for assurance and related services traditionally performed by an independent auditor:
  ▪ employee benefit plan audits;
  ▪ assurance engagements that are not required by statute or regulation;
  ▪ general advice on accounting standards including IFRS.
Tax fees are for tax planning and other tax advice related to our international corporate structure.
All other fees are for professional services that do not fall into any of the categories above, including due diligence fees and other
services.
Non-audit services
We have a policy that prohibits the auditor from providing the following non-audit services to us: bookkeeping or other services
related to the accounting records or financial statements, financial information systems design and implementation, appraisal or
valuation services, actuarial services, internal audit services, investment banking services, management functions or human
resources functions, legal services and expert services unrelated to the audit. The auditor can provide other non-audit services as
long as they are pre-approved by the Audit Committee.

3 Election of directors

This year, the Board of Directors is proposing sixteen (16) directors for nomination to the
Board (the "Director Nominees"). Collectively, the Director Nominees bring a broad and                   MANAGEMENT
complementary range of skills, qualifications, and experience, together with significant                 RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
business and senior leadership expertise that the Board believes is well suited to overseeing
the Corporation's business and strategic direction. The Director Nominees are proposed to be             FOR
elected until the next annual meeting of the shareholders of the Corporation. Each director so           EACH DIRECTOR NOMINEE
elected at the Meeting will hold office until the end of the next annual meeting of Shareholders
or until his or her successor is appointed, unless his or her office is vacated at an earlier date.
Please see the section of this Circular entitled Nominees for election to the Board of Directors on
page 14 for additional information on each of the nominees.
If you have not specified how you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the
Named Proxyholder as your proxyholder, the Named Proxyholder will vote FOR the election of
each of the Director Nominees. Shareholders should note that the form of proxy or voting
instruction form, as applicable, provides for voting for individual directors as opposed to voting
for directors as a slate.
This year the Board approved the sixteen (16) nominees listed below to serve as directors until the next annual meeting of
shareholders or until a successor is elected or appointed. All directors served on our Board last year, for at least a portion
of the year.

                       ▪   Alain Bouchard              ▪   Eric Fortin                ▪   Alex Miller
                       ▪   Jean Bernier                ▪   Richard Fortin             ▪   Réal Plourde
                       ▪   Karinne Bouchard            ▪   Stephen J. Harper          ▪   Louis Têtu
                       ▪   Eric Boyko                  ▪   Mélanie Kau                ▪   Louis Vachon
                       ▪   Marie-Eve D’Amours          ▪   Marie-Josée Lamothe
                       ▪   Janice L. Fields            ▪   Monique F. Leroux


                   MAJORITY VOTING POLICY
                    Shareholders can vote for or withhold their votes for individual directors. According to our
                    majority voting policy, directors who receive more withhold votes than for votes in an
                    uncontested election will not have received the support of shareholders and will have to
                    resign. The HRCG Committee will consider whether or not to accept the resignation and
                    will make a recommendation to the Board. The affected director will not be part of these
                    discussions. The Board will announce its decision in a press release within 90 days of the
                    annual meeting of shareholders. If it decides not to accept the resignation, it will explain
                    why in the press release.



                                                                                                                                12

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
               HOW TO NOMINATE A DIRECTOR TO THE BOARD
             If you wish to nominate a director to the Board without using a shareholder proposal, you must notify
             the Corporate Secretary according to the timeline in the table below. Your written notice must be in
             the format described in our Advance notice by-law (By-Law No. 2014-1), which you can find on our
             website (corpo.couche-tard.com).
                                  If the first public announcement           You must send notice of        director
                                  of the Meeting is made:                    nominees no later than:
               Annual meetings More than 50 days before the meeting         30 days before the meeting (but not
                                                                            earlier than
                                                                            65 days before the meeting)
                                  50 days or less before the meeting        10 days after the first             public
                                                                            announcement of the meeting
               Special meetings                                             15 days after the first             public
                                                                            announcement of the meeting
               Public announcement means disclosure in a press release reported by a national news service in
               Canada, or in a public document filed on SEDAR+.


4 Voting on our approach to executive compensation                                                  MANAGEMENT
In order to enhance transparency with regard to executive compensation, and as part of our          RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
engagement process between shareholders and the Board, our shareholders have the
opportunity to express their views on our approach to executive compensation.                       FOR
We believe that our approach to executive compensation supports our strategy, is dependent          OUR APPROACH ON
on the Corporation’s performance and reflects our entrepreneurial culture. Our compensation         EXECUTIVE
strategy has four elements:                                                                         COMPENSATION
  ▪   be competitive;
  ▪   pay for performance;
  ▪   align with shareholder interests; and
  ▪   link to strategy. You can read more about this on page 65.
As such, the Board recommends that shareholders indicate their support to the Corporation’s approach to executive compensation
disclosed in this Circular by voting FOR the following advisory resolution:
RESOLVED, on an advisory basis and not to diminish the role and responsibilities of the Board that the shareholders accept the
approach to executive compensation as disclosed in this Circular in advance of the Meeting.
Since this is an advisory vote, the results are not binding on the Board. The Board will, however, take the results into account, as
appropriate, along with comments it may have received from shareholders in the course of engaging with them when determining
its approach to compensation for subsequent financial years.
If you have not specified how you want your Shares voted and if you have authorized the Named Proxyholder as your proxyholder,
the Named Proxyholder will vote FOR the above non-binding, advisory resolution on executive compensation.

5 Shareholder Proposals
                                                                                                    MANAGEMENT
The Corporation received a total of three shareholder proposals this year, from the                 RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE
Mouvement d’éducation et de défence des actionnaires (“MÉDAC”), a holder of Shares of the
Corporation, having its principal office at 82 Sherbrooke Street West, Montréal, Québec, H2X        AGAINST
1X3, Canada. The proposals from MÉDAC were submitted in French and were translated into             SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS
English by the Corporation.
The full text of the proposals submitted for consideration at the Meeting has been reproduced
in Appendix D to this Circular, along with the Corporation's response.
The Board recommends that shareholders vote AGAINST each of the three shareholder
proposals for the reasons described in Appendix D to this Circular. Unless a proxy specifies that
the Shares it represents should be voted for any of the shareholder proposals, the person
named in the form of proxy or voting instruction form, as applicable intend to vote AGAINST
each of the proposals.


                                                                                                                              13

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Nominees for election to the Board of Directors

This year the Board is proposing sixteen (16) directors for                                           ENTREPRENEURIAL
nomination to the Board (the “Director Nominees”). Each of them                                       BOARD
brings a range of skills and abilities, and as a group, they have
the right balance of business and senior leadership experience
and expertise to oversee our business and strategic direction.
                                                                                                      94%
                                                                                                      OF OUR DIRECTOR
                                                                                                      NOMINEES HAVE
                                                                                                      ENTREPRENEURIAL
                                                                                                      EXPERIENCE


Director Nominees profiles
The following section presents the profile of each of our Director Nominees, including a description of his or her experience and
qualifications, principal occupation, participation on the Board (if applicable), number of Shares of the Corporation beneficially
owned, directly or indirectly, or over which control or direction is exercised, number of Deferred Share Units (“DSUs” or "DSU") of
the Corporation held, as well as other public company board memberships. Shares are valued at $93.15, the closing price of our
Shares on the TSX on July 8, 2026.
A more detailed description of each Director Nominee’s competencies is described in the skills matrix in the Corporate Governance
Practices section of this Circular.


                                                         13 years
    94.85%                                            Average tenure                  98.75%                       56.25%
                                63
 Average 2025                                             or 7 years when          Average Board                Independent
                            Average age                excluding co-founders
  votes FOR                                           currently sitting on the
                                                                                    attendance                    directors
                                                                Board




                                                                                                                             14

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                                    Alain Bouchard, O.C., O.Q.
                                    Founder and Executive Chairman, Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.
                                          •    Age: 77
                                          •    Not independent
                                          •    Director since: 1988
                                          •    2025 Voting Results: 96.38% in favour
                                          •    Fiscal 2026 meeting attendance: 100%
 Alain Bouchard has served as Executive Chairman of Couche-Tard since 2014, following a 25-year tenure as President and Chief Executive
 Officer. His entrepreneurial drive set the foundation for Couche-Tard, transforming a single convenience store in Québec into one of the
 world’s largest and most respected convenience and mobility retailers. His leadership and passion have paved the way for this ambition
 and continue to inspire our journey forward.
 Mr. Bouchard opened his first convenience store in Québec in 1980 and founded the companies that grew into Couche-Tard. With over five
 decades of experience in the retail sector, he collaborated closely with his colleagues and staff to build Couche-Tard into the business it is
 today.
 In addition to his leadership at Couche-Tard, Mr. Bouchard has also served on the Board of Directors of Quebecor from 1997 to 2009 and
 the Board of Directors of CGI Inc. from 2013 to 2023.
 Mr. Bouchard is a Member of the Order of Canada and an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec. He has received honorary doctorates
 from Université Laval and McGill University and has been recognized with multiple awards for business leadership, including Canada’s
 Outstanding CEO of the Year (2013), NACS Insight International Convenience Leader of the Year (2014), and International Business Leader
 of The Year by the Canadian Chamber of Commerce (2025).
 Mr. Bouchard has been involved in several fundraising campaigns and philanthropic activities. He and his wife established the Sandra and
 Alain Bouchard Foundation in 2012, which supports various causes associated with people living with intellectual disabilities as well as
 artistic and cultural projects. In 2015, Mr. Bouchard and his wife were named Exceptional philanthropist of the year by the Québec Chapter
 of the Association of Fundraising Professionals, and they both hold an honorary doctorate from Concordia University in Montréal for their
 leading role in philanthropy in Québec.
 Mr. Bouchard lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
 Committee memberships              Mr. Bouchard does not serve on any committees because he is a co-founder of the Corporation and
                                    Executive Chairman of the Board.
 Other public company boards None
 and committees
 Interlocking Relationships         None
 Securities held(1)                    ▪ Shares: 123,573,993
                                       ▪ Deferred Share Units: 49,407
                                       ▪ Value of at risk holding: $11,515,519,710
                                    Mr. Bouchard meets his executive equity ownership requirement – see page 73 for details.
(1)
  As an executive, Mr. Bouchard also earns Share Units and Stock Options – see page 63.




                                                                                                                                         15

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                               Louis Vachon, Lead Director
                               Operating Partner, J.C. Flowers & Co.
                                    •    Age: 63
                                    •    Independent
                                    •    Director since: 2021
                                    •    2025 Voting Results: 99.45% in favour
                                    •    Fiscal 2026 meeting attendance: 100%
Louis Vachon is the Operating Partner of J.C. Flowers & Co. since January 2022. His deep financial expertise and CEO-level strategic
judgement support Couche-Tard’s capital allocation, governance and long-term value creation.
Previously, Mr. Vachon was President and Chief Executive Officer of National Bank Financial from 2007 to 2021, he was responsible for the
strategies, orientations and development of the Bank and its subsidiaries. At the time of his appointment, Mr. Vachon was Chief Operating
Officer, a position he had held since 2006. Previously, Mr. Vachon was Chairman of the Board of National Bank, the Bank's leading
subsidiary, and of Natcan Investment Management from 2005 to 2006.
Earlier in his career, Mr. Vachon held senior roles in investment banking and financial markets, including positions at Citibank, Lévesque
Beaubien Geoffrion and Bankers Trust, before rejoining National Bank in 1996 in leadership roles across investment management and
treasury.
Mr. Vachon serves on the Boards of Groupe CH Inc., BCE/Bell, Infinite Investment Systems Ltd., True Patriot Love, and in 2026 became non-
executive chairman of Marconi Technologies. He is involved with several social and cultural organizations.
Mr. Vachon holds a Master's Degree in International Finance from Tufts’ Fletcher School and a BA in Economics from Bates College. He is
also a Chartered Financial Analyst, CFA®.
Mr. Vachon is a Member of the Order of Canada and an Officer of the National Order of Québec and has received several recognitions for
business leadership and community involvement.
Mr. Vachon lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          None
Other public company boards BCE/Bell (October 2022 - present) - member of the Compensation Committee and the Risk and Pension
and committees              Fund Committee
Interlocking Relationships     Mr. Vachon sits on the Board of directors of BCE Inc., alongside Ms. Leroux
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 10,000
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 17,343
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $2,547,000
                               Mr. Vachon meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                    16

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                                Jean Bernier
                                Corporate Director
                                     •    Age: 69
                                     •    Independent
                                     •    Director since: 2019
                                     •    2025 Voting Results: 98.88% in favour
                                     •    Fiscal 2026 meeting attendance: 100%
Jean Bernier is a corporate director and has over 30 years of experience in the fuel, convenience store and grocery store sectors of the
retail industry. He brings deep expertise in the management of complex retail global organizations as well as all aspects of fuel
procurement and operations.
Mr. Bernier joined Couche-Tard on July 30, 2012 as Group President, Fuel Americas and North East Operations, and served as Group
President, Global Fuels and North East Operations from March 15, 2016. He retired from Couche-Tard effective April 30, 2018.
Mr. Bernier previously spent 15 years at Valero Energy Corporation, where he served as Executive Vice President (2011–2012) with
responsibility for Ultramar Ltd. and Valero’s U.S. and Canadian retail operations, as well as key corporate functions. Earlier, he held senior
executive roles at Ultramar Ltd., including President (1999–2011), and at Provigo Inc.
Mr. Bernier serves on the boards of C&E Seafood Canada LP (since 2018) and TES Canada H2 Inc. (since 2023), both private companies. He
previously served on the boards of CrossAmerica Partners LP (2017–2019), the Montréal Economic Institute (2017–2022) and the Canadian
Fuels Association (1999–2012), including as Chair (2007–2009).
Mr. Bernier holds a Master’s degree in Industrial Relations from the University of Waterloo and a Bachelor’s degree from the Université de
Montréal.
Mr. Bernier lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships           Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee (chair)
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships      None
Securities held                   ▪ Shares: 41,126
                                  ▪ Deferred Share Units: 21,454
                                  ▪ Value of at risk holding: $5,829,327
                                Mr. Bernier meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                        17

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                                Karinne Bouchard, CPA
                                Corporate Director
                                     •    Age: 47
                                     •    Not Independent
                                     •    Director since: 2021
                                     •    2025 Voting Results: 93.59% in favour
                                     •    Fiscal 2026 meeting attendance: 100%
Karinne Bouchard is a corporate director. Her expertise in finance, capital markets, financial risk management and governance serves
Couche-Tard’s growth and stewardship.
Ms. Bouchard is a member of the board of directors of Stingray Group, Inc. since February 2021, where she also is the Chair of the Audit
Committee. She is also a member of the Board of the Sandra and Alain Bouchard Foundation, a foundation dedicated to financially
supporting organizations that work in the arts and culture sector, as well as organizations that provide support to people living with
intellectual disability to enable people to reach their full potential. Previously, Ms. Bouchard was the global head of treasury and treasurer
of Couche-Tard from 2013 to 2021.
Ms. Bouchard is a graduate with distinction of McGill University and holds a bachelor’s degree in finance. She also holds a Master’s degree
in finance from the University of Sherbrooke, is a Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA), and holds the ICD.D designation.

Ms. Bouchard lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships           None
Other public company boards Stingray Group Inc. (February 2021 – present) – Chair of the Audit Committee
and committees
Interlocking Relationships      Ms. Bouchard sits on the Board of directors of Stingray Group Inc., alongside Mr. Boyko
Securities held                   ▪ Shares: 24,022
                                  ▪ Deferred Shares Units: 7,463
                                  ▪ Value of at risk holding: $2,932,828
                                Ms. Bouchard meets her equity ownership requirement – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                        18

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                              Eric Boyko, CPA
                              President, Chief Executive Officer and co-founder,
                              Stingray Group Inc.
                                   •   Age: 56
                                   •   Independent
                                   •   Director since: 2017
                                   •   2025 Voting Results: 94.80% in favour
                                   •   Fiscal 2026 meeting attendance: 100%
Eric Boyko is President & CEO and co-founder of Stingray Group Inc., the world's leading connected streaming media company, delivering
curated audio and video content to consumers worldwide. Home to globally renowned brands such as TuneIn, Singing Machine, Stingray
Karaoke and Stingray Music, Stingray has more than 1,000 employees. The company completed a successful IPO in June 2015 and is listed
on the Toronto Stock Exchange (RAY.TO). He has a proven track record in digital media, customer engagement platforms and scaling
technology-enabled businesses, supporting Couche-Tard’s innovation and merchandising initiatives.
Previously, Mr. Boyko founded and was President of eFundraising.com Corporation, which became a leading player in the North American
fundraising industry. In 2006, he was named one of Canada’s Top 40 Under 40.
Mr. Boyko sits on the board of directors of Intelcom and Trans-Pro Logistics, both logistics companies headquartered in Montreal. Mr.
Boyko also sits on the board of the Orchestre Symphonique de Montréal (OSM).
A graduate with great distinction of McGill University, he holds a Bachelor of Commerce with a concentration in accounting and
entrepreneurship. Mr. Boyko became a Certified General Accountant (CGA) in 1997.
Mr. Boyko lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships         Audit Committee (chair)
Other public company boards Stingray Group Inc. (2007 – present)
and committees
Interlocking Relationships    Mr. Boyko sits on the Board of directors of Stingray Group Inc., alongside Ms. Bouchard
Securities held                 ▪ Shares: 42,300
                                ▪ Deferred Share Units: 34,656
                                ▪ Value of at risk holding: $7,168,451
                              Mr. Boyko meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                19

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                               Marie-Eve D'Amours
                               Treasurer, Fondation D'Amours
                                   •    Age: 45
                                   •    Not Independent
                                   •    Director since: 2023
                                   •    2025 Voting Results: 96.55% in favour
                                   •    Fiscal 2026 meeting attendance: 100%
Marie-Eve D’Amours is Treasurer of the Fondation D’Amours since 2018, a charitable trust helping several non-profit organizations working
with people living with intellectual disabilities and children in vulnerable situations, where she oversees the financial management and
strategy for deploying donations. She brings strong expertise in procurement, planning and operational management that is relevant to
Couche-Tard’s disciplined execution across markets.
Ms. D’Amours has developed expertise across multinationals, large companies, SMEs and entrepreneurial ventures. She previously
attended Couche-Tard Board meetings as an observer for more than 10 years.
Ms. D’Amours holds a Bachelor’s degree in management from HEC Montréal, holds the ICD.D designation, and has a Certification in Society
Governance from Université Laval.
Ms. D’Amours lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          None
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     None
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 349,406
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 4,375
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $32,954,700
                               Ms. D’Amours meets her equity ownership requirements – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                   20

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                                 Janice L. Fields
                                 Corporate Director
                                      •    Age: 70
                                      •    Independent
                                      •    Director since: 2020
                                      •    2025 Voting Results: 99.08% in favour
                                      •    Fiscal 2026 meeting attendance: 100%

Janice Fields is a corporate director. Her experience in global brand operations, franchise and multi-unit execution, and customer-centric
marketing supports Couche-Tard’s convenience retail model.
Ms. Fields is the former President of McDonald’s USA, LLC, a subsidiary of McDonald’s Corporation.
She has broad operational and leadership experience from a 35-year career at McDonald’s, where she progressed from restaurant
operations to senior executive roles, including U.S. Division President (Central Division), Executive Vice President and Chief Operating
Officer, and ultimately President of McDonald’s USA (2010 to 2012).
Ms. Fields also served on the boards of several public companies, including Chico’s FAS, Welbilt Inc., Monsanto Corporation, Taubman
Centers, Inc., and Buffalo Wild Wings, and served with Ronald McDonald House Charities at the global level (2012–2024).
Ms. Fields has been named to Forbes’ list of the World’s 100 Most Powerful Women and to Fortune’s 50 Most Powerful Women in Business
list.
Ms. Fields lives in Florida, United States and speaks English.
Committee memberships            Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships       None
Securities held                    ▪ Shares: Nil
                                   ▪ Deferred Share Units: 19,648
                                   ▪ Value of at risk holding: $1,830,211
                                 Ms. Fields meets her equity ownership requirements – see page 35 for details




                                                                                                                                    21

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                                Eric Fortin
                                President of Kastellō Immobilier Inc.
                                     •   Age: 54
                                     •   Not Independent
                                     •   Director since: 2021
                                     •   2025 Voting Results: 93.34% in favour
                                     •   Fiscal 2026 meeting attendance: 100%
Eric Fortin is the President of Kastellō Immobilier Inc., an investment firm specializing in residential real estate in Québec, a role he has
held since 2018. His 25 years of experience in business management, in real estate, site development and store-level operations help
support Couche-Tard’s network optimization and growth.
Mr. Fortin began his career at Couche-Tard as a store manager and subsequently held leadership roles in operations and merchandising,
including Market Manager, Director of Operations and Director of Merchandising. He has also owned and managed multiple businesses.
Mr. Fortin is committed to philanthropy. He serves as Treasurer for the Fondation Lise et Richard Fortin and sits on the Board of Directors
of La Fondation Jean Lapointe. He also serves as Co-President of La Cave à Vin des Philanthropes, which raises funds for youth mental
health.
Mr. Fortin is an alumnus of McGill University, holding a Bachelor of Commerce degree in marketing.
Mr. Fortin lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships           None
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships      None
Securities held                   ▪ Shares: 243,966
                                  ▪ Deferred Share Units: 7,739
                                  ▪ Value of at risk holding: $23,446,321
                                Mr. Fortin meets his equity ownership requirement – see page 35 for details




                                                                                                                                       22

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                               Richard Fortin
                               Co-founder, Corporate Director
                                    •    Age: 77
                                    •    Not Independent
                                    •    Director since: 1988
                                    •    2025 Voting Results: 94.54% in favour
                                    •    Fiscal 2026 meeting attendance: 100%
Richard Fortin is a co-founder of Couche-Tard and served as Chairman of the Board from 2008 to 2011. As a long-time architect of Couche-
Tard’s financial strategy, he brings deep financial expertise and experience in public company governance.
Mr. Fortin joined Couche-Tard in 1984 and retired as Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer in 2008. Before joining Couche-
Tard, he spent 13 years at several major financial institutions and was Vice-President of Québec for a Canadian bank wholly owned by
Société Générale (France).
Mr. Fortin has served on the boards of Transcontinental Inc. (2004–2018; Lead Director and Chair of the Audit Committee) and National
Bank of Canada (2013–2018; Chair of the Risk Management Committee) and previously served on the board of Rona Inc. (2009–2013).
Mr. Fortin holds a Bachelor of Arts in Management with a major in Finance from Université Laval in Québec City.
Mr. Fortin lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          Mr. Fortin does not serve on a committee because he is a co-founder of the Corporation
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     None
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 30,490,149
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 69,910
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $2,846,669,496
                               Mr. Fortin meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                   23

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                                Rt. Hon. Stephen J. Harper
                                Chairman and CEO of Harper & Associates Consulting
                                     •   Age: 67
                                     •   Independent
                                     •   Director since: 2024
                                     •   2025 Voting Results: 99.65% in favour
                                     •   Fiscal 2026 meeting attendance: 100%
Stephen J. Harper is Chairman and CEO of Harper & Associates Consulting, which acts as a strategic consultant to clients around the world,
providing advice on matters relating to market access, the management of global geopolitical and economic risk, and the maximization of
value in global markets. He brings strong expertise in public policy, international relations and geopolitical risk management that supports
Couche-Tard’s global ambitions.
Mr. Harper sits on the board of directors of Colliers International Group Inc., a Canada-based diversified professional services and
investment management company, where he also chairs the Governance Committee.
Mr. Harper is a founding partner and Chairman of Vision One Management, a fundamental value-oriented equity fund that applies a
private-equity investment approach to public markets.
Mr. Harper is Chairman of the Alberta Management Investment Corporation (AIMCo). Mr. Harper serves as the Chair of the International
Democracy Union. Mr. Harper was the 22nd Prime Minister of Canada from 2006 to 2015.
Mr. Harper holds Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees in Economics from the University of Calgary and received an honorary Doctor of
Philosophy from Tel Aviv University (2014). He has received several recognitions for public service, including the Ukrainian Order of Liberty
and the Woodrow Wilson Award for Public Service.
Mr. Harper lives in Alberta, Canada and speaks English and French.
Committee memberships           Audit Committee
Other public company boards Colliers International Group Inc. (2016 – present) – Chair of the Nominating & Corporate Governance
and committees              Committee
Interlocking Relationships      None
Securities held                   ▪ Shares: 590
                                  ▪ Deferred Share Units: 3,479
                                  ▪ Value of at risk holding: $379,027
                                Mr. Harper has until 2029 to meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                       24

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                                Mélanie Kau
                                Entrepreneur, Corporate Director
                                     •    Age: 64
                                     •    Independent
                                     •    Director since: 2006
                                     •    2025 Voting Results: 72.83% in favour
                                     •    Fiscal 2026 meeting attendance: 100%
Mélanie Kau is a corporate director and seasoned retailer with more than 30 years’ experience in creating customer connections. She
brings extensive experience in retail brand building, network expansion and site development.
As a retailer she acquired Naturiste, a 67-store chain of natural supplements and vitamins, leading them back to profitability within 2 years.
Today their supplements are sold in Metro grocery stores across the province of Québec. At the start of her career, she guided Mobilia’s
growth as the premium chain of contemporary furniture stores in eastern Canada. Currently she leads K2 Real Estate, a commercial
developer of quality retail sites.
Ms. Kau’s career as a board member spans more than two decades. Currently, in addition to Couche-Tard, she serves as a board member
at Gildan Activewear Inc., a leading manufacturer of everyday basic apparel, where she also chairs the Corporate Governance & Social
Responsibility Committee and is a member of the Compensation & Human Resources Committee.
Ms. Kau has received several accolades for her business acumen and entrepreneurship, including Canada’s Top 40 under 40 and the John
Molson School of Business Award of Distinction.
Ms. Kau holds a Master of Business Administration from Concordia and a Master of Journalism from Northwestern University.
Ms. Kau lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French, English, German and Italian.
Committee memberships           Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
Other public company boards Gildan Activewear Inc. (2024 – present) – Chair of the Corporate Governance & Social Responsibility
and committees              Committee, member of the Compensation & Human Resources Committee
Interlocking Relationships      None
Securities held                   ▪ Shares: Nil
                                  ▪ Deferred Share Units: 178,990
                                  ▪ Value of at risk holding: $16,672,919
                                Ms. Kau meets her equity ownership requirements – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                        25

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                               Marie-Josée Lamothe, GCB.D
                               President, Tandem International
                                    •    Age: 58
                                    •    Independent
                                    •    Director since: 2019
                                    •    2025 Voting Results: 99.62% in favour
                                    •    Fiscal 2026 meeting attendance: 100%
Marie-Josée Lamothe has over 25 years of experience in the digital and consumer products sectors (Google, L’Oréal, Procter & Gamble).
Her proven track record in digital transformation, global branding, and consumer-led growth strategies supports Couche-Tard’s customer
and digital initiatives.
Since 2018, she has been President of Tandem International and works closely with VCs as an advisory partner to their portfolio of small
and medium-sized enterprises.
Ms. Lamothe serves on the board of Group Dynamite and is a member of the Audit Committee and Nominating and Governance
Committee. She also serves on the Riocan Real Estate Investment Trust, where she is a member of the Investment Committee and the
Nominating, Environmental, Social, and Governance Committee.
Ms. Lamothe is also a Professor of Practice at McGill University (Desautels Business Faculty) and administers McGill’s Dobson Center for
Entrepreneurship, whose mission is to transform the university’s innovation into viable startups.
From 2014 to 2018, she served as Managing Director at Google Canada, overseeing go-to-market practices across 14 industries. She also
held several executive positions at L’Oréal between 2002 and 2014, from International Marketing Director in France to Chief Marketing
Officer and Chief Corporate Communications Officer in Canada.
She has served on public and advisory bodies, including federal audit committees and Québec government innovation and economic
advisory initiatives.
Ms. Lamothe has been recognized with multiple global awards for leadership in marketing, entrepreneurship, and technology.
Ms. Lamothe holds a degree in Mathematics and Economics from the Université de Montréal with honors from the University of Montreal
and INSEAD’s L’Oreal Executive Management program.
Since 2020, Ms. Lamothe has obtained ongoing certifications in artificial intelligence, data science, and cybersecurity: MIT Sloan & MIT
CSAIL Artificial Intelligence: AI Implications for Business Strategy (2020), Saïd Business School. Oxford University in Cybersecurity for
Business Leaders (2021), NASBA (National Association of State Boards of Accountancy) in Assessing Cybersecurity Risks (2021). Professional
Designation in regulatory standards of environmental, social, and governance (ESG): GCB.D (2023), and UC Berkeley Data Strategy:
Enabling AI-Driven Competitive Advantage (2026).
Ms. Lamothe lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          Audit Committee
Other public company boards Group Dynamite (2023 - present) - member of the Audit Committee and Nominating and Governance
and committees              Committee
                            Riocan Real Estate Investment Trust (2022 - present) - member of the Investment Committee and the
                            Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee
Interlocking Relationships  None
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: Nil
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 23,283
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $2,168,811
                               Ms. Lamothe meets her equity ownership requirements – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                    26

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                              Monique F. Leroux, C.M., O.Q., FCPA, FICD
                              Corporate Director
                                   •    Age: 71
                                   •    Independent
                                   •    Director since: 2015
                                   •    2025 Voting Results: 99.33% in favour
                                   •    Fiscal 2026 meeting attendance: 100%
Monique Leroux is a corporate director. She brings deep expertise in financial services, governance and risk oversight that supports
Couche-Tard’s disciplined growth, capital stewardship and stakeholder trust.
Ms. Leroux is the former Chair of the board and Chief Executive Officer of Desjardins Group. From 2016 to 2020, Ms. Leroux was the Chair
of the board of Investissement Québec. She currently serves as an independent director on the boards of BCE/Bell and Michelin Group and
is a senior advisor at Teneo. In 2020, she was appointed chair of the Industry Strategy Council of Canada and a member of the G7 Impact
Task Force representing Canada.
Before joining Desjardins Group, Ms. Leroux held senior executive roles at RBC and Quebecor and was an audit partner at EY (Ernst &
Young). Ms. Leroux is a Companion of the Order of Canada, an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec, a Chevalier of the Légion
d’Honneur (France) and a Companion of the Canadian Business Hall of Fame, the Investment Industry Hall of Fame, as well as the
Canadian Accounting Hall of Fame. She has received the Woodrow Wilson Award (United States), the Outstanding Achievement Award
from the Québec CPA Order and the Institute of Corporate Directors Fellowship Award.
Ms. Leroux gives her time and support to several not-for-profit organizations. She serves as Chair of the board of the Université de
Sherbrooke and as Vice Chair of the Montréal Symphony Orchestra.
She has received multiple honorary doctorates from Canadian universities.
Ms. Leroux lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships         Audit Committee
Other public company boards BCE/Bell (2016 - present) – Chair of the Governance Committee and member of the Audit Committee
and committees              Michelin Group (2015 - present) – Chair of Corporate Social Responsibility Committee and member of the
                            Audit Committee
Interlocking Relationships    Ms. Leroux sits on the Board of directors of BCE Inc., alongside Mr. Vachon
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 2,500
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 39,522
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $3,914,349
                              Ms. Leroux meets her equity ownership requirements – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                  27

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                                     Alex Miller
                                     President & Chief Executive Officer, Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.
                                           •    Age: 54
                                           •    Not Independent
                                           •    Director since: 2024
                                           •    2025 Voting Results: 98.67% in favour
                                           •    Fiscal 2026 meeting attendance: 100%

 Alex Miller has served as President and Chief Executive Officer at Couche-Tard since September 2024. In this role, he leads Couche-Tard’s
 global strategy and oversees long-term growth initiatives, including mergers and acquisitions, market expansion and innovation across
 retail and fuel operations. He plays a central role in shaping Couche-Tard’s vision to be the world’s favorite stop for people on the go.
 His strong leadership and strong background in global convenience operations, fuel and commercial optimization helps fuel Couche-Tard’s
 network performance around the globe.
 Mr. Miller has been with Couche-Tard since 2012, previously serving as Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice-President of North America
 Operations and Global Optimization, and Executive Vice President of Commercial Optimization, as well as several other roles within the
 fuel and real estate functions.
 Prior to joining Couche-Tard, Mr. Miller was with BP Plc. for 16 years in a variety of operational, supply, business development, and
 strategic roles in the US and Europe.
 Mr. Miller holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Management from Southern Illinois University.
 Mr. Miller lives in South Carolina, United States and speaks English.
 Committee memberships               None
 Other public company boards None
 and committees
 Interlocking Relationships          None
 Securities held  (1)
                                        ▪ Shares: 45,688
                                        ▪ Deferred Share Units: 102,036
                                        ▪ Value of at risk holding: $13,760,491
                                     Mr. Miller meets his executive equity ownership requirement – see page 73 for details.
(1)
  As an executive, Mr. Miller also earns Share Units and Stock options – see page 63.




                                                                                                                                    28

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                               Réal Plourde
                               Co-founder, Corporate Director
                                   •    Age: 75
                                   •    Not Independent
                                   •    Director since: 1988
                                   •    2025 Voting Results: 94.46% in favour
                                   •    Fiscal 2026 meeting attendance: 80%
Réal Plourde is a co-founder of Couche-Tard and was Chairman of the Board of Couche-Tard from 2011 to 2014. He provides strategic
insight to the Board following his decades shaping Couche-Tard’s store development, operations and processes.
Mr. Plourde joined Couche-Tard in 1984 and served in a variety of roles until his retirement in 2011, including Executive Vice-President,
Chief Operating Officer, Vice-President of Development, Sales and Operations, and Manager of Technical Services. Mr. Plourde began his
career working on various engineering projects in Canada and Africa.
Mr. Plourde and his wife, Ariane Riou, are recipients of the Lieutenant Governor’s Seniors Medal (February 2018), for their sustained
community-based volunteer work, especially at the Palliative Care Home in Laval.
Mr. Plourde holds a Master of Business Administration from the École des Hautes Études Commerciales in Montréal, an engineering
degree in applied sciences from Université Laval in Québec City and is a member of the Ordre des ingénieurs du Québec.
Mr. Plourde lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships          Mr. Plourde does not serve on a committee because he is a co-founder of the Corporation
Other public company boards None
and committees
Interlocking Relationships     None
Securities held                  ▪ Shares: 21,117,205
                                 ▪ Deferred Share Units: 40,510
                                 ▪ Value of at risk holding: $1,970,841,152
                               Mr. Plourde meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 35 for details.




                                                                                                                                   29

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                                Louis Têtu
                                Executive Chairman, Coveo Solutions Inc.
                                     •    Age: 62
                                     •    Independent
                                     •    Director since: 2019
                                     •    2025 Voting Results: 86.47% in favour
                                     •    Fiscal 2026 meeting attendance: 100%
Louis Têtu is an award-winning entrepreneur and business executive with 30 years of experience in international technology businesses.
He brings deep expertise in AI-enabled software, digital platforms and scaling global businesses that supports Couche-Tard’s digital
transformation and customer experience strategy.
Mr. Têtu is Executive Chairman and former Chief Executive Officer of Coveo Solutions Inc. (TSX: CVO), a global provider of AI-powered
business solutions. He previously co-founded Taleo Corporation, a leading cloud software company listed on NASDAQ and acquired by
Oracle in 2012 for US$1.9 billion and has held senior leadership roles in enterprise software and supply chain solutions.
Mr. Têtu serves on the board of CAE, a Canadian public company providing simulation technologies, modeling, and integrated training
services for civil aviation and defense worldwide. He previously served on the board of Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services
inc., (2016-2022) and PetalMD (2011-2025), a leading cloud applications provider in the medical sector. Mr. Têtu is involved in private equity
across multiple business sectors.
In 1997 Mr. Têtu was honoured by Université Laval for his social contributions and business achievements. He has twice received the
Regional Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year award and was a National winner in 2021.
Mr. Têtu is an Engineering graduate from Université Laval in Québec City and a commercially licensed helicopter pilot.
Mr. Têtu lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.
Committee memberships           Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
Other public company boards Coveo Solutions Inc. (2008 - present) - Executive Chairman of the Board
and committees              CAE (2025 - present) - member of the Audit Committee
Interlocking Relationships      None
Securities held                   ▪ Shares: 26,114
                                  ▪ Deferred Share Units: 21,389
                                  ▪ Value of at risk holding: $4,424,904
                                Mr. Têtu meets his equity ownership requirements – see page 35 for details




                                                                                                                                        30

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Attributes of our Directors

Meeting attendance
Board and Committee meetings are called and held as described in our by-laws. Directors are expected to attend all meetings. The
following table summarizes the attendance of the directors and Committee members of the Board for the period from
April 28, 2025 to April 26, 2026:

                                                                                                   Committee meetings

                                                                                                  Human Resources and             Total 2026
                                                     Board meetings                  Audit        Corporate Governance           attendance
                Alain Bouchard                         5 of 5 (100%)                        –                          –                   100%
                Louis Vachon                           5 of 5 (100%)                        –                          –                   100%
                Jean Bernier                           5 of 5 (100%)                        –             4 of 4 (100%)                    100%
                Karinne Bouchard                       5 of 5 (100%)                        –                          –                   100%
                Eric Boyko                             5 of 5 (100%)         4 of 4 (100%)                             –                   100%
                Marie-Eve D’Amours                     5 of 5 (100%)                        –                          –                   100%
                Janice L. Fields                       5 of 5 (100%)                        –             4 of 4 (100%)                    100%
                Eric Fortin                            5 of 5 (100%)                        –                          –                   100%
                Richard Fortin                         5 of 5 (100%)                        –                          –                   100%
                Stephen J. Harper(1)                   5 of 5 (100%)         3 of 3 (100%)                             –                   100%
                Mélanie Kau                            5 of 5 (100%)                        –             4 of 4 (100%)                    100%
                Marie-Josée Lamothe                    5 of 5 (100%)         4 of 4 (100%)                             –                   100%
                Monique F. Leroux                      5 of 5 (100%)         4 of 4 (100%)                             –                   100%
                Alex Miller                            5 of 5 (100%)                        –                          –                   100%
                Réal Plourde                            4 of 5 (80%)                        –                          –                   80%
                Louis Têtu                             5 of 5 (100%)                        –             4 of 4 (100%)                    100%
                (1)
                      Stephen J. Harper joined the Audit Committee in September 2025.


Building a balanced Board
We believe that a diverse mix of director profiles is critical to a well-functioning Board, and an important aspect of good corporate
governance. A wide variety of perspectives promotes active discussion and increases the likelihood that proposed solutions are
balanced and comprehensive and in the best interest of the Corporation and its stakeholders.
The graphs below are snapshots of the diversity of this year’s Director Nominees. You will find information about each Director
Nominee in their profiles in the previous section, and more about our corporate governance practices relating to our Board
composition, nomination and assessment starting on page 39.


                          INDEPENDENCE                                       GENDER                                    TENURE
                               independent (9)                                  men (10)                               0 to 5 years (3)
                               not independent (7)                              women (6)                              5 to 10 years (8)
                                                                                                                       10+ years (5)




                                                                                                                                19%
                                                                       37%                                       31%
                         44%

                                             56%
                                                                                            63%

                                                                                                                              50%




                                                                                                                                                  31

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Independence
The Board includes 56.25% independent directors. To ensure the Board functions independently, we have a Lead Director who
meets with the independent directors in camera at every Board meeting.
Three of the Director Nominees, including the Founder and Executive Chairman, are not independent because they are co-founders
of the Corporation. Mr. Miller is not independent because he is our President & Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”), Ms. Karinne
Bouchard is not independent because she is the daughter of Mr. Alain Bouchard, Mr. Eric Fortin is not independent because he is
the son of Mr. Richard Fortin and Ms. Marie-Eve D'Amours is not independent because she is the daughter of Mr. Jacques D'Amours.
The remaining nine Director Nominees are independent, within the meaning of National Instrument 52-110 Audit Committees, in
that each of them has no direct or indirect material relationship with the Corporation and, in the reasonable opinion of the Board,
are independent under the applicable laws, regulations and listing requirements to which the Corporation is subject.
The following table sets forth the relationship of the Director Nominees:
                                            Not
 Name                       Independent                     Reason for Non-Independence
                                            Independent
 Alain Bouchard
                                                  ü                                     Mr. Bouchard is one of the co-founders of the Corporation

 Mélanie Kau
                                  ü
 Jean Bernier
                                  ü
 Karinne Bouchard
                                                  ü                                           Ms. Bouchard is the daughter of Mr. Alain Bouchard

 Eric Boyko
                                  ü
 Marie-Eve D’Amours
                                                  ü         Ms. D’Amours is the daughter of Mr. Jacques D'Amours, a co-founder of the Corporation
 Janice L. Fields
                                  ü
 Eric Fortin
                                                  ü                                                      Mr. Fortin is the son of Mr. Richard Fortin

 Richard Fortin
                                                  ü                                         Mr. Fortin is one of the co-founders of the Corporation

 Stephen J. Harper
                                  ü
 Marie-Josée Lamothe
                                  ü
 Monique F. Leroux
                                  ü
 Alex Miller
                                                  ü                                           Mr. Miller is the President & CEO of the Corporation

 Réal Plourde
                                                  ü                                       Mr. Plourde is one of the co-founders of the Corporation

 Louis Têtu
                                  ü
 Louis Vachon
                                  ü
Languages spoken by the Board
Fourteen of the sixteen Board Nominees have a professional proficiency in French (87.5%) while all Board Nominees speak
English (100%). In addition, one Board Nominee has a working proficiency in German and Italian.

Other information about the Director Nominees

To the knowledge of the directors of the Corporation and according to information provided to us, other than as disclosed below,
none of the Director Nominees, and regarding item (iii) below, a significant shareholder, are at the date of this Circular or have been,
within the last ten years, a director, chief executive officer or chief financial officer or, regarding item (iii) below, an executive officer
of a company which, while the person was acting in this capacity:
(i)            was the subject of a cease trade or similar order or an order that denied the relevant company access to any exemption
               under securities legislation, for a period of more than 30 consecutive days;
(ii)           was, after the director or executive officer ceased to be a director or executive officer, the subject of a cease trade or
               similar order or an order that denied the relevant company access to any exemption under securities legislation, for a




                                                                                                                                                   32

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
         period of more than 30 consecutive days as a result of an event which occurred while the director or executive officer was
         acting in this capacity; or
(iii)    within a year of that person ceasing to act in that capacity, became bankrupt, made a proposal under any legislation
         relating to bankruptcy or insolvency or was subject to or instituted any proceedings, arrangement or compromise with
         creditors or had a receiver, receiver manager or trustee appointed to hold its assets.

Mr. Boyko was a director of Bouclair Inc., from December 10, 2014 to June 1, 2020. On November 11, 2019, Bouclair Inc., and
Bouclair International Inc., (“Bouclair”) each filed a notice of intention to make a proposal to its creditors under the Bankruptcy and
Insolvency Act (Canada). On May 11, 2020, Bouclair filed a proposal to their creditors with the Office of the Superintendent of
Bankruptcy of Canada and on May 22, 2020, the Superior Court of Québec rendered an order granting a motion approving a
transaction between Bouclair as vendors, and Alston Investments Inc., as purchaser. On July 17, 2020, the Superior Court of Québec
rendered an order appointing Deloitte Restructuring Inc. Receiver under Section 243 of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act. On
August 12, 2020, the Superior Court of Québec sanctioned the amended proposal of Bouclair.

Ms. Lamothe was a director of Reitmans (Canada) Limited (“Reitmans”) until August 30, 2019 as well as a director of Aldo Group Inc.,
(“Aldo”) until December 31, 2019. In 2020, given the impact of Covid on the retail industry, Reitmans and Aldo sought protection
from their creditors under the Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (“CCAA”) on May 19, 2020 and May 6, 2020, respectively. On
January 4, 2022 Reitmans obtained a sanction order from the Superior Court of Québec for the distribution of a settlement amount
to Reitmans' creditors.

Ms. Kau was a director of Atis Group Inc. (“Atis”) from October 2017 to February 2021. On February 19, 2021 Atis sought the
protection of the Superior Court of Québec under the CCAA. The Superior Court of Quebec rendered an initial order under the CCAA
on February 24, 2021 authorizing the bankruptcy of Atis. In December 2021, substantially all of Atis' non-monetary assets were sold
and the entity was put into bankruptcy.

Loans to directors and officers
The Corporation can grant loans to its directors, officers and other employees in the regular course of business as long as the loans
comply with legal and regulatory requirements and are on market terms. As at July 8, 2026 there were no loans outstanding.




                                                                                                                                 33

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Director Compensation
The Corporation’s compensation program for directors who are not otherwise employed by the Corporation (the “Non-Executive
Directors”) is designed (i) to attract and retain the most qualified individuals to serve on the Board and its committees, (ii) to align
the interests of the directors with the long-term interests of the Corporation’s shareholders, (iii) to provide appropriate
compensation for the time, commitment and responsibilities related to being an effective director, and (iv) to remain competitive
with director compensation trends and practices.

Our Director Compensation Program

The compensation program of the Corporation for Non-Executive Directors for fiscal 2026 was structured as follows:
     ▪ Annual retainer fee to cover all responsibilities, attendance and work performed by Non-Executive Directors during the year of
       which at least 50% is paid in Deferred Share Units (“DSUs”);
     ▪ Option for Non-Executive Directors to elect to have up to 100% of their compensation paid in DSUs;
     ▪ Non-Executive Directors requirement to hold at least four times their annual retainer in shares or DSUs, and have five years
       from their election to the Board to meet this requirement;
     ▪ The Corporation does not grant stock options to Non-Executive Directors.
 a




EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS DO NOT RECEIVE DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
Directors who are employed by the Corporation (the “Executive Directors”) do not receive director compensation or stock
options. As such, Alain Bouchard is compensated in his role as Founder and Executive Chairman and Alex Miller is compensated
for his role as President and Chief Executive Officer.

Oversight and Benchmarking
The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee (the “HRCG Committee”) is mandated by the Board to review the
Non-Executive Directors compensation and to make recommendations to the Board in order to ensure that such compensation is
established in an equitable and competitive manner taking into account the responsibilities and risks associated with the
performance of director duties. In connection with this review, the HRCG Committee has previously retained an outside
compensation consultant to benchmark the Corporation’s Non-Executive Directors’ compensation against the median of
compensation from a peer group of companies in the retail and food industries. The companies in the peer group all have North
American operations, annual revenues from US$15 to US$250 billion, a market capitalization from US$7 to US$400 million, and all
are in similar or related industries – food retail, drug retail, apparel retail, customer staples merchandise retail, computer and
electronics retail, automobile retail and restaurants. You can read more about our peer compensation group and how we
benchmark executive compensation starting on page 72.
Based on the results of the benchmarking review, the HRCG Committee then recommends to the Board any adjustments to the
Non-Executive Directors’ compensation that may be necessary or appropriate to achieve the objectives of the Corporation’s director
compensation program.

Annual Retainers
The table below shows the annual retainer fees payable to the Corporation’s Non-
Executive Directors in fiscal 2026:
Fiscal 2026                                                               Board Retainer
Director Position                                                               $230,000
Lead Director Position                                                          $280,000
Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee Chair Retainer               $268,000
Audit Committee Chair Retainer                                                  $268,000
Committee Member Retainer                                                       $243,000


Non-Executive Directors minimum equity ownership requirements

The Corporation believes it is important that Non-Executive Directors demonstrate their commitment to the Corporation and its
shareholders through share ownership. To this effect, pursuant to the Corporation’s Shareholding Guidelines, directors are required

                                                                                                                                  34

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
to acquire, over a period of five years, ownership of an amount of Shares and/or DSUs which is equivalent in value to four times the
annual Board retainer, and subsequently maintain such minimum ownership position for the duration of his or her tenure as a
director. Any remuneration increase provides the Non-Executive Director an additional four years to meet their ownership
requirement.
The following table shows the total number of Shares, as well as DSUs owned by each Non-Executive Director as at April 26, 2026.
The total value held by each Non-Executive Director has been calculated using $76.74, the closing price on the TSX of the Shares on
April 24, 2026, the last trading day of fiscal 2026.

                                                                                               Total value of
                                                      Total Value of Shares                                           Meets ownership
                                                                                                  DSUs as
                                         Shares        as at April 26, 2026      DSUs (1)                              requirement
                                                                                              at April 26, 2026

            Jean Bernier(2)                  41,126              $3,156,009          20,600          $1,580,844                 yes
            Karinne Bouchard                 24,022              $1,843,448           7,097            $544,624                 yes
            Eric Boyko(3)                    42,300              $3,246,102          33,802          $2,593,965                 yes
            Marie-Eve D'Amours              349,406             $26,813,416           4,009            $307,651                 yes
            Janice Fields                         —                      —           18,874          $1,448,391                 yes
            Eric Fortin                     243,966             $18,721,951           7,373            $565,804                 yes
            Richard Fortin(4)            30,490,149          $2,339,814,034          69,177          $5,308,643                 yes
            Stephen J. Harper                   590                 $45,277           3,092            $237,280    to be met by March 2029
            Mélanie Kau                           —                      —         178,216          $13,676,296                 yes
            Marie-Josée Lamothe                   —                      —           22,509          $1,727,341                 yes
            Monique F. Leroux                 2,500                $191,850          38,748          $2,973,522                 yes
            Réal Plourde(5)              21,117,205          $1,620,534,312          39,777          $3,052,487                 yes
            Louis Têtu(6)                    26,114              $2,003,988          21,002          $1,611,693                 yes
            Louis Vachon                     10,000                $767,400          16,451          $1,262,450                 yes
          (1)
              Includes dividend equivalents earned on DSUs.
          (2)
              Mr. Bernier holds 31,126 of his Shares through his holding company.
          (3)
              Mr. Boyko holds all of his Shares through his holding company.
          (4)
              Mr. Fortin holds 970,600 Shares through his foundation and holds 23,692,077 Shares through his holding company.
          (5)
              Mr. Plourde holds 465,000 Shares through his foundation and holds 8,983,476 Shares through his holding company.
          (6)
              Mr. Têtu holds 22,514 of his Shares through his holding company.

Directors may not purchase financial instruments to hedge or offset a decrease in the market value of Shares held for the purpose
of the director share ownership requirement. As Executive Chairman, Alain Bouchard and as the President and CEO, Alex Miller are
required to comply with the Executive Share Ownership Requirement (see section entitled Executive Share Ownership Requirement on
page 73 for additional details).

Deferred Share Unit Plan

The Corporation has adopted a DSU plan (the “DSUP”) which enables Non-Executive Directors, among others, to align their
economic interests with those of the Corporation’s shareholders and to assist them in meeting the requirements set forth in the
Corporation’s Shareholding Guidelines.
Unless otherwise determined, DSUs vest immediately upon being granted. However, no director who is a holder of DSUs has any
right to receive any payment under the DSUP until they cease to be an Eligible Director (and is not at that time an employee of the
Corporation) including by death, disability, retirement or resignation. Eligible Directors receive at least 50% of their compensation in
DSUs, the exact number of which is calculated using the Market Value of the Shares at the time of the grant. DSUs can only be
redeemed for cash and the dollar amount is calculated using the market value of the Shares on the payout date.
Detailed information on the DSU Plan is included in Appendix C of this Circular.

Non-Executive Directors’ compensation table

The following table lists all compensation earned during fiscal 2026 by the Non-Executive Directors, as at April 26, 2026. We
calculated the number of DSUs awarded as payment of the Board retainer by dividing the dollar amount of the award by the
weighted average trading price of our Shares on the TSX over the five trading days immediately before the payment date.




                                                                                                                                             35

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                                                                                        All other        Total               How it was
                                                                                      compensation    compensation            allocated
                               Board           Lead                    Committee
                             Retainer       Director          Chair      Member                                              Cash         DSU
 Jean Bernier(1)             $230,000             —          $15,509       $13,000                —            $258,509         —     $258,509
 Karinne Bouchard            $230,000             —               —             —                 —            $230,000   $115,000    $115,000
 Eric Boyko                  $230,000             —          $25,000       $13,000                —            $268,000         —     $268,000
 Marie-Eve D'Amours          $230,000             —               —             —                 —            $230,000   $115,000    $115,000
 Janice Fields               $230,000             —               —        $13,000                —            $243,000         —     $243,000
 Stephen J. Harper(2)        $230,000             —               —         $8,065                —            $238,065   $119,033    $119,033
 Eric Fortin                 $230,000             —               —             —                 —         $230,000      $115,000    $115,000
 Richard Fortin              $230,000             —               —             —                 —         $230,000            —     $230,000
 Mélanie Kau(3)              $230,000             —           $9,491       $13,000                —         $252,491            —     $252,491
 Marie-Josée Lamothe         $230,000             —               —        $13,000                —         $243,000            —     $243,000
 Monique F. Leroux           $230,000             —               —        $13,000                —         $243,000            —     $243,000
 Réal Plourde                $230,000             —               —             —                 —         $230,000            —     $230,000
 Louis Têtu                  $230,000             —               —        $13,000                —         $243,000      $121,500    $121,500
 Louis Vachon                $230,000        $50,000              —             —                 —         $280,000            —     $280,000
 Total                                                                                                     $3,419,065
(1)
    Jean Bernier was appointed Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee on September 3, 2025.
(2)
    Stephen J. Harper was appointed to the Audit Committee on September 3, 2025.
(3)
    Melanie Kau stepped down as Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee on September 3, 2025.

Incentive plan awards – value vested or earned during fiscal 2026

The table below shows the aggregate dollar value that would have been realized if the DSUs issued in fiscal 2026 had been cashed
on the grant date.

                                                                                        Non-equity incentive
                                    Option-based awards      Share-based awards –
                                                                                        plan compensation –
                                    – value vested during      value vested during
                                                                                         value earned during
                                           the fiscal year          the fiscal year
                                                                                                    the year
 Jean Bernier                                          —                  $258,509                        —
 Karinne Bouchard                                      —                  $115,000                        —
 Eric Boyko                                            —                  $268,000                        —
 Marie-Eve D’Amours                                    —                  $115,000                        —
 Janice Fields                                         —                  $243,000                        —
 Stephen J. Harper                                     —                  $119,033                        —
 Eric Fortin                                           —                  $115,000                        —
 Richard Fortin                                        —                  $230,000                        —
 Mélanie Kau                                           —                  $252,491                        —
 Marie-Josée Lamothe                                   —                  $243,000                        —
 Monique F. Leroux                                     —                  $243,000                        —
 Réal Plourde                                          —                  $230,000                        —
 Louis Têtu                                            —                  $121,500                        —
 Louis Vachon                                          —                  $280,000                        —


Upcoming changes to Non-Executive Director compensation in fiscal 2027

At the beginning of fiscal 2027, the Board of Directors approved an increase of the Board retainer by an amount of $20,000,
therefore increasing the Board retainer from $230,000 to $250,000, and an increase of the Committee retainer by an amount of
$2,000, therefore increasing the Committee retainer from $13,000 to $15,000. Pursuant to the shareholding guidelines for directors,
the requirement is to gain four times their annual retainer within five years from the date of appointment, and any increase would
be subject to the same requirement from the effective date of the increase.




                                                                                                                                            36

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Letter from the Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate
Governance Committee
Dear shareholders,

It is my privilege to write to you for the first time as Chair of the HRCG
Committee. Stepping into this role has underscored for me the importance of
strong governance, thoughtful oversight, and a deep commitment to aligning
our people strategy and governance practices with the Corporation’s business
strategy and the long term interests of our shareholders.

I would like to begin by expressing my sincere appreciation to my predecessor,
Mélanie Kau, for her strong leadership as Committee Chair through the years,
including her insight and the personal commitment she brought to the role. On
behalf of the entire Committee, I warmly thank Mélanie for her service and
continued contribution.

Fiscal 2026 HRCG Committee achievements
In fiscal 2026, the Committee advanced several important priorities that strengthened our oversight of talent, governance, and
executive compensation. We continued to enhance management succession planning, deepening our review of leadership pipelines
and ensuring strong continuity for critical roles across the organization, aligned with our new Core + More strategy to drive long-
term profitable growth. We also worked closely with management to establish balanced key result areas ("KRAs") that closely align
executive objectives with the Corporation's long-term business strategy, reinforcing accountability and performance discipline.

Employee engagement remained a key area of focus, and we were encouraged by the high participation in MyVoice, the company’s
global engagement survey. This year, we have implemented myVoice 2.0 specifically for the store population, which is a shorter
engagement survey that we developed to better reflect the day-to-day reality of stores. The results are more actionable and relevant
to their day-to-day experiences. In addition, the Committee continued to oversee the Corporation’s sustainability strategy and
disclosure, ensuring that human capital priorities, governance standards, and reporting practices remain integrated with
Couche-Tard’s broader sustainability ambitions.

Impact of performance on fiscal 2026 pay outcomes
The HRCG Committee remains dedicated to transparent and well-structured practices for executive compensation, as this aligns
with the expectations of our stakeholders, shareholders and employees. Our approach is designed to attract, motivate, and retain
top talent while supporting sustainable growth and long-term value creation. As part of our formal review, we engaged with Willis
Towers Watson to formally benchmark executive compensation in March 2026. We implemented changes to short and long-term
incentive compensation elements for select NEOs, effective in fiscal 2027, based on this benchmarking exercise to ensure
compensation remains competitive to the market.

As in previous years, 75% of the NEOs’ short-term incentive for fiscal 2026 was based on a company-wide financial target, and 25%
was based individual KRAs aligned with the Corporation’s business strategy. The company-wide component was based upon the
achievement of net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Corporation, a clear, easy-to-understand financial metric. Actual net
earnings in fiscal 2026 of US $3.1 billion resulted in achieving 116.3% of the company-wide financial target. With respect to the
individual component, the NEOs were each assigned four key result areas and one shared key result area focused on being
customer-ready. The strong financial performance was also reflected in an improvement in the achievement level of NEO key results
areas compared with fiscal year 2025. The attainment of the individual component averaged 86.40% for the NEOs. Several of our
executives have KRAs that include elements relating to our ESG ambitions.

As the Corporation continues this next leg of its strategic journey with its Core + More strategy, we believe our executive
compensation programs continue to strike the right balance between rewarding short-term and long-term performance, fully
aligning with the Corporation’s strategic objectives and shareholders’ interests.

Employee engagement
In fiscal 2026, the Corporation was named a 2026 Gallup Exceptional Workplace Award (GEWA) Winner With Distinction, the premier
tier of Gallup's highest honour, recognizing companies that treat employee engagement as a core strategic initiative. The Winner
With Distinction designation is awarded to only a select few organizations that have done significant work implementing strategic
initiatives to sustain engagement and help employees thrive. This honour reflects the strength of our culture and the meaningful



                                                                                                                               37

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
impact of our employee-engagement efforts. It also speaks to the dedication of our management team, whose leadership and
commitment to listening, acting, and investing in our people have been essential to sustaining such high levels of engagement.

Management's focus on our teams and the Corporation's people driven initiatives have also had a positive impact on store team
turnover which improved once again in fiscal 2026 and continues to be better than the industry average in the United States. This
achievement belongs to our employees and to the leaders who support them every day, and it continues to set Couche-Tard apart
and enables the Corporation to deliver on its customer promise and mission of making customers lives easier everyday. In support
of our commitment to developing strong frontline leadership, the Corporation introduced Essentials: Learn to Lead, a formal
training initiative for store managers, managers in training, and assistant managers. This program establishes a consistent
foundation in critical operational disciplines and leadership practices, preparing our store leaders to effectively manage
performance, lead their teams, and advance our strategic growth objectives. This initiative also reinforces Management's focus on
building a robust internal talent pipeline, ensuring strong, ready-now candidates for future leadership roles, and advancing the
Corporation's commitment to Growing Together.

I encourage you to carefully review the information below, as it provides important insight into our governance practices, and
compensation programs. Your participation is vital to the strength of our governance, and I invite you to attend the Meeting and
exercise your vote. On behalf of the HRCG Committee, thank you for your continued trust and engagement as we work to support
Couche-Tard’s long-term success.

Sincerely,
(s) Jean Bernier
Jean Bernier
Chair of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee




                                                                                                                           38

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Our Corporate Governance Practices
The Board considers strong and transparent corporate governance practices to be
important factors in the overall success of our Corporation and we are committed to adopting
and adhering to the highest standards of corporate governance. We strive for continuous
improvement in our corporate governance practices to ensure effective oversight of
management and our affairs, and to make sure our governance framework not only meets                     A copy of the Corporate
regulatory requirements but also reflects evolving best practices. We comply with the guidelines       Governance Guidelines and
adopted by the Canadian Securities Administrators and with the standards of other regulatory            other governance related
bodies. The Corporation has adopted certain policies and procedures to ensure that effective           documents are available at
corporate governance practices are followed. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines and                    https://corporate.couche-
Delegation of Authority Policy provide a framework of authority and accountability to enable the          tard.com/governance
Board and management to make timely and effective decisions that promote shareholder value
while complying with applicable laws and the Corporation’s commitment to ethical conduct,
integrity and transparency. The Board periodically reviews our governance practices for
opportunities to update them.

Composition of our Board
Our Board of Directors oversees the management of the Corporation with a view to increasing
shareholder value over time all the while maintaining other stakeholders’ interests. The Board
makes major policy decisions and reviews the performance and effectiveness of the
management team, which is responsible for our day-to-day operations.

Board Size
Although the maximum number of directors permitted by the Corporation’s articles is 20, the
Board has the ability to increase or decrease its size within the limits defined by the articles of      BOARD COMMITTEES
the Corporation and in accordance with applicable laws. The Board believes that a size of eight         The Audit Committee and
(8) to twenty (20) directors is appropriate and allows for the efficient functioning of the Board      HRCG Committee carry out
as a decision-making body.                                                                                   many of these
The HRCG Committee annually assesses the size and overall composition of the Board by                  responsibilities on behalf of
considering factors such as competencies, skills, qualities, diversity and gender balance and                  the Board.
other attributes the Board believes it needs to possess, as a whole, to fulfill its responsibilities     You can learn more about
and identifies new director candidates for the Board. Its goal is to build a diverse group of          the committees and read the
directors who collectively have the relevant skills, experience and qualities necessary to                2026 committee reports
support our strategic direction, meet the challenges the Corporation faces and serve the long-              starting on page 48.
term interests of the Corporation and its shareholders.
We recognize the importance of maintaining an effective balance of director expertise and
independence. We have benefited greatly from the experience of the more senior members of
the Board over time, but have also refreshed the Board, by adding two new independent
directors over the last five years. You can read about all the Director Nominees beginning on
page 14.
Board and Committee Organization
Two standing committees help the Board carry out its responsibilities: the Audit Committee and the HRCG Committee. Both
committees are made up entirely of independent directors.
The Board and Committee meetings are generally organized as follows:
    ▪   Five regularly scheduled Board meetings each year, including a meeting to consider and approve the Corporation’s budget,
        strategy and approach to compensation;
    ▪   Four regularly scheduled Audit Committee meetings per year and four regularly scheduled HRCG Committee meetings per
        year;
    ▪   Special Board or Committee meetings are held when deemed necessary;
    ▪   Members of management and certain other key employees are regularly called upon to give presentations at the Board
        and Committee meetings; and

                                                                                                                                39

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
    ▪   Periodic continuous education sessions conducted jointly with the Executive Leadership Team.
To ensure the Board operates independently of management, it has a Lead Director who has been recommended by the HRCG
Committee and approved by the Board. The Lead Director is responsible for, among other things, providing leadership to the
independent directors and making sure directors and management understand the responsibilities of the Board, and that they
clearly understand and observe the boundaries between the responsibilities of each. The independent members of the Board meet
with the Lead Director – without management or the non-independent directors – after every quarterly and annual Board meeting
and every committee meeting.
Position Descriptions                                                                                  POSITION DESCRIPTIONS
The Board has developed written position descriptions for the Executive Chairman of the                 The Board has developed
Board, for the Lead Director, for the Committee chairs and for the CEO to complement the               position descriptions for the
Board’s charter. The complete text of the position descriptions can be found on the                       Founder and Executive
Corporation’s website at:                                                                              Chairman, the Lead Director,
                                                                                                         the chairs of each Board
https://corporate.couche-tard.com/governance
                                                                                                           Committee, and the
These descriptions are reviewed annually by the HRCG Committee and are updated as
                                                                                                           President and Chief
required.
                                                                                                       Executive Officer. These are
Conflict of Interest                                                                                     available on our website
                                                                                                        (corpo.couche-tard.com).
In accordance with applicable law, each director is required to disclose to the Board any
perceived, potential or actual conflict of interest he or she may have in a matter before the
Board or a committee thereof at the beginning of the Board or committee meeting. A director
who is in a perceived, potential or actual conflict of interest must not attend any part of the
meeting during which the matter is discussed or participate in a vote on such matter.
Board Interlocks
To maintain director independence and to avoid potential conflicts of interest, the Board reviews the number of board interlocks
among its directors regularly. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, no more than two directors may serve together on the
board of another public company, and directors may not serve together on the boards of more than two other public companies.
As at July 8, 2026, two of the Board’s Directors Nominees, Ms. Bouchard and Mr. Boyko, sit together on the board of Stingray
Group Inc., where Ms. Bouchard is also Chair of the Audit Committee; and two of the Board's Directors Nominees, Ms. Leroux and
Mr. Vachon, sit together on the board of BCE Inc., where Mr. Vachon is also a member of the Compensation Committee and the
Risk and Pension Fund Committee and Ms. Leroux is Chair of the Governance Committee and a member of the Audit Committee.

Other Directorships and Time Commitments
The Corporation values the experience and perspective that directors bring from their service on other boards, but also recognizes
that other board memberships and activities may also limit a director’s time and availability and may present conflicts of interest
or legal issues, including independence issues. As a general rule, directors should limit their service as directors (or equivalent
function) on publicly-held entities and investment company boards (or an equivalent governing body) to no more than five
(including the Corporation’s Board). Service on the boards of subsidiary companies with no publicly traded stock is not included in
this calculation. Without specific approval from the Board, the Corporation's CEO may serve on no more than two public company
boards (including the Corporation's Board). Furthermore, no director shall serve as a director, officer or employee of the
Corporation’s competitor. A director wishing to join any other board of directors, whether a private or public corporation, must
first request permission of the Executive Chairman of the Board so that the appropriate review can be undertaken to assess any
potential, perceived or actual conflict of interest, as well as time commitment implications, or any other legal or business concerns.




                                                                                                                                40

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Director nomination process
The HRCG Committee is responsible for developing, reviewing, and monitoring criteria, as well
as establishing procedures for evaluating and recommending potential directors to the Board
                                                                                                      DIRECTOR NOMINATION
for approval. Its goal is to build a diverse group of directors who collectively have the relevant
skills, experience and qualities necessary to support the Corporation’s strategic direction, meet       1. IDENTIFY GAPS ON
the challenges the Corporation faces and serve the long-term interests of our shareholders.                  THE BOARD
In support of this goal, the HRCG Committee will, when identifying candidates to nominate for
election to the Board:                                                                                                +
          (a) consider individuals who are highly qualified, based on their talents, experience,          2. MEET WITH
              functional expertise and personal skills, character and qualities with regard to        POTENTIAL CANDIDATES
              the Corporation’s current and future plans and objectives, as well as anticipated
              regulatory and market developments;                                                                     +
          (b) consider a variation of skills, experience and backgrounds of its members
              (including those with differences in age, disability, gender, sexual orientation,
              marital or Civil partnership status, race (including ethnic origin, nationality or
                                                                                                          3. RECOMMEND
              color), religious, political or other beliefs, regional and geographic background);
                                                                                                         NOMINEES TO THE
          (c)   consider the level of representation of women on the Board and in executive                    BOARD
                officer positions along with markers of diversity when making recommendations
                for nominees to the Board or for appointment as executive officers and in
                general with regard to succession planning for the Board and executive officers;
                and                                                                                                   +
          (d) as required, engage qualified independent external advisors to assist the Board             4. NOMINATE FOR
              in conducting its search for candidates that meet the Board’s criteria regarding               APPROVAL BY
              skills, gender balance, experience and diversity.                                            SHAREHOLDERS

To assist in this process, the HRCG Committee shall be mandated to consider as part of its policies and procedures:
          (a) the periodic evaluation and assessment of individual directors as well as Board committees and the Board as a whole
              to identify strengths and areas for improvement;
          (b) in consultation with the Board, the development and maintenance of a skills matrix that identifies the skills and
              expertise required for the Board along with potential areas for growth and improvement; and
          (c)   measures designed to ensure that the nominee recruitment and identification process are appropriate in terms of
                depth and scope to foster identification and progression of diverse candidates.
Please see page 14 for information about this year’s Director Nominees.
The Board is satisfied that this year’s group of Director Nominees meets our requirements for a healthy board culture that
promotes diverse perspectives and good governance.

Skills matrix
The HRCG Committee uses a skills matrix to help assess the overall skills of the Board and identify gaps. The skills matrix outlines
the desired qualifications, attributes, skill and experience that are important to and necessary for the proper functioning of the
Board and are reviewed annually. These areas of expertise are intended to complement the general qualifications and attributes
that are sought in all Board members, such as high ethics and integrity, senior executive leadership, strategic acumen, sound
business judgment, as well as willingness to devote the required amount of time to carry out the duties and responsibilities of
Board service. The skills matrix was last reviewed and amended by the HRCG and approved by the Board in April 2026.




                                                                                                                              41

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
The following table outlines the skills of our Director Nominees:




                                                                                           Karinne Bouchard   Marie-Eve D’Amours                                                      Stephen J. Harper                 Marie-Josée Lamothe   Monique F. Leroux
                                              Alain Bouchard   Jean Bernier   Eric Boyko                                           Janice L. Fields                  Richard Fortin                       Mélanie Kau                                             Alex Miller   Réal Plourde   Louis Têtu   Louis Vachon
                                                                                                                                                      Eric Fortin
CHARACTERISTICS
Independence                                                    ü              ü                                                    ü                                                   ü                  ü              ü                     ü                                               ü            ü
Diversity                                                                                   ü                   ü                   ü                                                                      ü              ü                     ü
SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
Entrepreneurship                               ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                                      ü              ü                 ü                  ü              ü                     ü                  ü             ü              ü            ü
Financial literacy                             ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                 ü                  ü              ü                     ü                  ü             ü              ü            ü
Corporate governance                           ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                 ü                  ü              ü                     ü                  ü             ü              ü            ü
Compensation, labour relations, human
resources                                      ü                ü              ü                                ü                   ü                  ü              ü                 ü                  ü              ü                     ü                  ü             ü              ü            ü
Senior executive leadership                    ü                ü              ü                                                    ü                  ü              ü                 ü                  ü              ü                     ü                  ü             ü              ü            ü
Corporate responsibility                       ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                 ü                  ü              ü                     ü                  ü             ü              ü            ü
Marketing, communications                      ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                                    ü              ü                     ü                  ü             ü              ü            ü
Digital economy                                ü                ü              ü                                ü                   ü                  ü              ü                                    ü              ü                     ü                  ü             ü              ü            ü
Oil, gas and energy                            ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                                      ü              ü                 ü                                                       ü                  ü             ü                           ü
Information technology                         ü                ü              ü                                ü                                      ü              ü                 ü                                 ü                     ü                  ü             ü              ü            ü
Risk management/compliance                     ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                 ü                  ü              ü                     ü                  ü             ü              ü            ü
International retail and consumer products     ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                                    ü              ü                     ü                  ü             ü              ü            ü
Retail industry                                ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                                    ü              ü                     ü                  ü             ü              ü            ü
Real estate                                    ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                                    ü              ü                     ü                  ü             ü                           ü
Food retail                                    ü                ü              ü            ü                   ü                   ü                  ü              ü                                                                         ü                  ü             ü
Supply chain                                   ü                ü              ü                                ü                   ü                  ü              ü                                                                         ü                  ü             ü              ü

SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE                                                                                                                                               DEFINITION
                                             Experience in developing new business opportunities, products, services, and processes within an existing
Entrepreneurship
                                             organization to create great value and generate growth.
                                             Experience and understanding of financial accounting and reporting, corporate finance, auditing and
Financial literacy
                                             internal controls.
                                             Experience and understanding the best practices and principles relating to corporate governance of a
Corporate governance
                                             public corporation and major organization.
                                             Experience and understanding the best practices and principles relating with compensation plans,
Compensation, labour relations, human
                                             leadership development, talent management, succession planning, human resources and human capital
resources
                                             management.
Senior executive leadership                  Experience as a CEO or any senior officer position of a public corporation or major organization.
                                             Experience with policies, practices or oversight of risks and strategies associated with environmental,
Corporate responsibility                     social and governance matters which are relevant to the organization, including climate related risks and
                                             opportunities.
Marketing, communications                    Experience in communications or marketing industry.
Digital economy                              Experience with e-commerce quick commerce, digital retailing, and social media.
                                             Experience in the oil, gas and energy industry to understand the commercial aspects of the business,
Oil, gas and energy sector experience
                                             market, operational challenges and other strategies.
                                             Experience and understanding of technology, digital platforms, new media, data security, artificial
Information technology
                                             intelligence and analytics, IT security and IT infrastructure.
Risk management/compliance                   Experience and skills in assessing and managing key enterprise risk exposures and compliance programs.
                                             Experience in the operations of retail and consumer products in multiple countries with an understanding
International retail and consumer products
                                             of the challenges and opportunities within the organization in those countries.
                                             Experience and understanding of multi-site retail, specifically the management of multiple retail or
Retail industry knowledge
                                             distribution stores or sites.

                                             Experience in real estate, residential or commercial as well as real estate acquisitions and dispositions
Real estate
                                             and property management of real estate properties.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           42

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE                                                               DEFINITION
                                       Experience in food retail combined with the knowledge of the industry, markets, operational issues, and
Food retail
                                       regulatory concerns.

                                       Experience in supply chain combined with the knowledge of the industry, markets, operational issues,
Supply chain
                                       regulatory concerns as well as supply chain management.

Canadian Disclosure Requirements
In accordance with Canadian securities legislation, TSX-listed companies are required to disclose certain information in their
management information circulars relating to their gender diversity policies and practices. The Corporation recognizes and
embraces the benefits of having a balanced Board and executive team and sees this as a competitive advantage. Furthermore, the
Corporation recognizes that balance and diversity is essential to the Corporation being able to better understand and serve its very
diverse customer base. The Corporation is an equal opportunity company and supports the spirit and intent of applicable human
rights and anti-discrimination laws as further detailed in the Corporation’s Ethics Code of Conduct (the "Ethics Code"). Towards this
end, the Corporation has adopted a Policy Regarding Diversity on the Board of Directors and in Executive Officer Positions (the “Diversity
Policy”) which sets out the guidelines by which the Corporation undertakes to promote diversity for members of the Board of the
Corporation and its Executive Leadership Team. While all director appointments are based on merit, the Board expects that when
selecting candidates, a wide range of criteria are considered, to ensure that the Board, as a whole, reflects a range of viewpoints,
backgrounds, educational levels, skills, work experience and expertise. The Corporation aspires to maintain a highly qualified Board
in which women represent 30% of its members - and we are proud to say that we are already meeting such target.

To this end, the Corporation is committed to promote the balance and diversity of the Board by:
    ▪     using recruitment protocols that recognize the importance of diversity, beyond the mere notion of gender and that diverse
          candidates can be found in a broad array of organizations outside of the traditional candidate pool of corporate directors
          and officers;
    ▪     using to their fullest potential the current network of organizations that can help identify diverse candidates; and
    ▪     periodically reviewing board recruitment and selection protocols to make sure that diversity in its broadest sense remains
          a component of every search.

Orientation and continuing education                                                                                        CONTINUING
The HRCG Committee is responsible for orientation and ongoing education of directors.                                        EDUCATION

Orientation
All new directors are given a director’s guide that contains information about the Corporation
                                                                                                                       REGULAR NEWSFEED
and our industry, Board and Committee mandates, the Ethics Code and other corporate
policies. The objective of our orientation process is that new Directors grasp the Corporation’s
areas of focus in order to start contributing to Board effectiveness as quickly as possible.
Directors attend orientation presentations by key executives, who provide in-depth                                                  +
information about the industry, our Corporation and our business operations, our strategy,
risks, culture and key issues. They also meet with our Executive Chairman or one of the other                               ONGOING
founders to better understand the Corporation’s business model and culture. New directors                                 PRESENTATIONS
are also given an overview of the role and functioning of the Board and its Committees and
what is expected of them in their role as director. Finally, new Directors are also provided with
the opportunity to participate in a site tour.                                                                                      +
Continuing education
The continuing education program for Directors is structured to broaden their knowledge of                              ANNUAL STRATEGIC
the Corporation and the industry and keep them up to date on company initiatives. These                                    MEETING
initiatives include the following:
Newsfeeds: Directors receive newsfeeds on a regular basis from the executive group that keeps
them current and gives them a window into our extensive network of stores.                                                          +
Ongoing presentations: Directors attend regular presentations on the main areas of the
Corporation’s business, financial matters, operations and overall industry. These presentations
include highlighting market conditions and trends that may impact the Corporation’s business                           COMMITTEE SPECIFIC
and influence its growth strategy and worldwide outlook, key risks and opportunities. These                              PRESENTATIONS
presentations are generally held during Board meetings and give directors an opportunity to
talk to executives and senior management.


                                                                                                                                                 43

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Annual strategic meeting: Directors also attend an annual strategic planning meeting, where
they have the opportunity to review and discuss with senior management the Corporation’s
                                                                                                                                                +
long-term strategic plan.
                                                                                                                               EDUCATION SESSIONS
Committee specific presentations: At the committee level, continuing education topics are added
to committee agendas from time to time throughout the year. For example, outside advisors or
internal specialists are invited to provide regular updates on developments in corporate
                                                                                                                                                +
governance, tax legislation or executive compensation practices.
Education sessions: Directors attend continuing education training and development sessions
designed to increase their knowledge of the industry and our business activities globally.
Consultants are often invited to present, and sessions can include tours of international                                      OTHER SEMINARS AND
operations and discussions of future business trends and issues.                                                                   PROGRAMS
Other seminars and programs: Directors are encouraged to attend seminars and educational
programs offered by other organizations, to suggest ideas for future programs and to share
best practices they have observed at other boards.

Finally, Board members have full access to the Corporation’s executives and senior management, and the Board encourages
management to address the Board in those instances where a manager’s expertise and assistance can enhance the Board’s
understanding of a particular issue under its consideration.

In fiscal 2026, members of the Board participated in the following presentations and events:
Topic                                             Date                    Presenters                                                                Attendees
Education session on macro economic trends               April 30, 2025                                                     External expert         All directors
Presentation on enterprise risk management                May 1, 2025                               Marisa Iafigliola, Head of Internal Audit       All directors
Annual fiscal 2026 strategic meeting                      May 1, 2025                                      Various Couche-Tard Executives           All directors
Presentation on IT strategy and digital update            May 1, 2025     Ed Dzadovsky, Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer          All directors
International site visits                                 May 1, 2025                                      Various Couche-Tard Executives           All directors
Presentation on supply chain and data                    June 25, 2025                                     Various Couche-Tard Executives           All directors
Presentation on sustainability and regulatory            June 25, 2025           Ina Strand, Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer         All directors
reporting requirements
Presentation on IT cyber security and risk        September 2, 2025       Ed Dzadovsky, Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer          All directors

Presentation on digital                           September 2, 2025            Erica Fortune, Executive Vice President, Chief Digital Officer       All directors
Presentation on e-mobility                        September 2, 2025              Hans-Olav Høidahl, Executive Vice-President, Commercial            All directors
                                                                                                                            Optimization
Presentation on food and thirst                   November 24, 2025                                        Various Couche-Tard Executives           All directors
Presentation on strategy                            January 22, 2026                                       Various Couche-Tard Executives           All directors
Presentation on tech and data                        March 17, 2026 Ed Dzadovsky, Executive Vice President, Chief Technology Officer,               All directors
                                                                         Erica Fortune, Executive Vice President, Chief Digital Officer

Presentation on e-mobility                           March 17, 2026              Hans-Olav Høidahl, Executive Vice-President, Commercial            All directors
                                                                                                                            Optimization
Presentation on Corporate Governance Trends          March 17, 2026               Melanie Charbonneau, Chief Legal Affairs and Corporate        HRCG Committee
                                                                                                                                Secretary
Education session on climate-related governance          April 28, 2026          Ina Strand, Executive Vice President, Chief People Officer         All directors
and regulatory update                                                                                                 and external experts


Retirement and term limits
There is no retirement age, and there are no term limits for serving as a director of the Corporation. On an ongoing basis, a balance
must be struck between ensuring that there are fresh ideas and viewpoints available to the Board while not losing the insight,
experience and other benefits of continuity contributed by longer serving directors. The Board continues to believe that the annual
assessment process is an efficient and transparent way to evaluate directors and determine improvements to Board composition.
The annual director assessment provides strong motivation for directors to make sure they are adding value and making a
significant contribution to the Board and the Corporation. The Board has demonstrated the effectiveness of its approach as a
mechanism for Board renewal, adding two new independent directors over the last five years.




                                                                                                                                                           44

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Primary employment status change                                                                       ANNUAL ASSESSMENTS
A director who makes a major change in his or her principal occupation shall inform the Board
for consideration if such director shall submit his or her resignation. It is not intended that the
                                                                                                       BOARD RESPONSIBILITY
directors who retire or whose professional positions change should necessarily leave the
Board; rather, the Board believes it is appropriate in such circumstances to conduct a review,
with the assistance of the HRCG Committee, of the continued appropriateness of Board
membership under such circumstances.                                                                               +
Board, committee and director assessments
The Board has a formal assessment process for determining how well the Board, Board
                                                                                                         BOARD OPERATIONS
committees and individual directors are functioning. The process is completed yearly,
alternating between a written questionnaire and one-on-one interviews with each director.
The questionnaire goes out to all members of the Board and is completed anonymously. It
includes four categories of questions:
                                                                                                                   +
  ▪ Board responsibility – do directors have the tools and the time necessary to gain a good
     understanding of the Corporation and its strategy, operations and risks?
  ▪ Board operations – does the Board have the right mix of directors, and are meetings                BOARD EFFECTIVENESS
     effective, mandates clear and reporting sufficient?
  ▪ Board effectiveness – do the directors communicate effectively with management and
     with each other?                                                                                              +
  ▪ committee assessment – are the committees appropriate, the directors who sit on them
     effective and the work they produce sufficient?
                                                                                                             COMMITTEE
The questionnaire also includes open-ended questions about areas the Board should be
                                                                                                             ASSESSMENT
focusing on, and where things should be improved. The Lead Director meets personally with a
Board member if there is a performance issue.
In alternate years, the Lead Director meets with each individual Board member in a one-on-one meeting and goes through the
questions personally. This approach gives rich feedback, which the Lead Director brings back to the HRCG Committee, and will bring
to the full Board if there are things that need to be addressed.

Role and duties of our Board and its Committees

The role of the Board of Directors
The Board’s mandate sets out its responsibilities in the following categories:
  ▪ strategy and budget;
  ▪ environmental, social and governance;
  ▪ talent and human resource management and compensation;
  ▪ risk management including cyber security risk, capital management and internal controls;
  ▪ communications; and
  ▪ financial reporting, auditors and transactions;
You will find the full text of the mandate in Appendix B.

1. Strategy and budget
The Board is responsible for approving the Corporation’s strategic plan and priorities, as well as the Corporation’s annual operating
and capital budgets.
The President and CEO, working with the Executive Leadership Team, develops the Corporation’s strategy and corporate objectives
every year, and presents them to the Board at an annual budget and strategic planning session. The Board reviews the plans with
management, makes adjustments considering opportunities and risks and our financial strategy, and approves the annual business
plan and our strategic plan and priorities. The Board also evaluates our operating and financial performance against the strategic
plan and budgets.
2. Governance and nomination of the Board
The Board is responsible for overall governance of the Corporation. This includes developing the Corporation’s approach to, and
disclosure of, corporate governance practices and procedures, as well as the development of a set of corporate governance
guidelines and principles specifically applicable to the Corporation. The HRCG Committee approves and recommends the

                                                                                                                               45

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
nomination of directors to the Board, while ensuring a majority of directors have no direct or indirect material relationship with the
Corporation and appropriate qualifications and criteria for the selection of Board members. The HRCG ensures independent and
effective functioning of the Board and individual directors, and defining the roles of the Lead Director, the Chairman of the Board
and the committee chairs. The Board approves the disclosure of material information, and promotes communication with our
shareholders, the media and the general public.
3. Oversight of sustainability and ESG
With respect to Corporation's goals, strategies and ambitions related to sustainability and ESG, the Board through the HRCG
Committee, oversees the Corporation’s ambitions relative to sustainability and ESG, including the oversight of monitoring climate
risks and opportunities, human rights and human capital management and social impact, and inclusive culture. Through the HRCG
Committee, the Board monitors the Corporation's management of its environmental impact, including the longer-term
development of sustainable business practices and ESG priorities with management to ensure tangible metrics are put in place to
reward management for executing on its ESG and sustainability program and strategy. The Board further oversees the development
of ESG priorities with management through the review of the Corporation’s health, safety and well-being policies and practices; the
Corporation’s inclusive culture policies and initiatives; and the Corporation’s sustainability policies and practices. The Board also
oversees the Corporation’s strategy and reporting of environmental and social matters.
4. Talent and human resource management and compensation
The Board is responsible for making sure the Corporation is effectively managed. This includes appointing the President and CEO
and Executive Leadership Team, evaluating their performance and approving their compensation. The Board, directly and through
its HRCG Committee, is responsible for overseeing the existence of appropriate mechanisms regarding succession planning for the
President, CEO and the senior management positions. It also includes making sure that a culture of integrity and inclusive culture is
built into every level of the organization – from the directors on our Board to the people working at our retail locations around the
world.
5. Risk management, capital management and internal controls
The Board is responsible for identifying and assessing periodically the principal risks of the Corporation’s business, including cyber
security, and ensuring the implementation of appropriate systems to manage these risks. The Board is also responsible for,
ensuring the integrity of our internal controls and financial reporting systems, and overseeing how financial and other material
information is communicated to analysts and the public.
6. Communications
In conjunction with management, the Board is responsible for meeting with the Corporation’s shareholders at the annual meeting
and being available to respond to questions at that time. The Board also monitors investor relations programs and communications
with analysts, the media and the public; as well as reviews, approves and oversees the implementation of the Corporation’s
disclosure policy.
7. Financial reporting, auditors and transactions
The Board is responsible for reviewing and approving, as required, the Corporation’s financial statements and related financial
information, appointing (including terms and review of engagement), subject to approval of shareholders, and removing the
Corporation's auditor, as well as reviewing and approving mergers and acquisition opportunities and financings.

Strategic planning and risk oversight
The Board of Directors oversees the Corporation’s strategy and risk management in order to support the long-term creation of
shareholder value. The Board reviews and approves the Corporation’s annual and long-term strategic plans and monitors
management’s performance against those plans on a regular basis. Strategic discussions include consideration of the Corporation’s
risk profile, industry trends, and key opportunities and challenges.

Risk oversight framework
The Board is responsible for overseeing the identification and management of the principal risks facing the Corporation and for
satisfying itself that appropriate processes are in place to identify, assess and manage such risks. The Audit Committee assists the
Board in of its oversight and supervision of the Corporation’s risk management, internal control and compliance frameworks.

Enterprise risk management
The Corporation has established an enterprise risk management (“ERM”) program designed to provide a consistent and integrated
approach to risk identification, assessment, mitigation and monitoring across the organization. The ERM program is aligned with
recognized frameworks and is integrated into the Corporation’s governance, strategic planning and business processes.



                                                                                                                                46

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Under the ERM program:
    •    Management identifies and assesses enterprise risks on a periodic basis, considering likelihood and potential impact, as
         well as the effectiveness of mitigation activities.
    •    Risks are prioritized relative to the Corporation’s risk appetite and are captured in a centralized risk register.
    •    Mitigation strategies and action plans are established for key risks and are monitored on an ongoing basis.

Risks are generally categorized as:
    •    strategic
    •    financial
    •    operational
    •    compliance

Roles and responsibilities
Management is responsible for the identification, assessment and management of risks and for implementing appropriate controls
and mitigation strategies.

Internal Audit supports the ERM process and provides independent assurance to the Audit Committee and the Board regarding the
effectiveness of risk management and internal control processes.

The Audit Committee receives regular reporting from management and Internal Audit on the Corporation’s risk profile and
mitigation activities and reports to the Board on its oversight activities.

Risk reporting and integration with strategy
The results of the ERM process are reported to the Audit Committee and the Board at least annually, with updates provided
throughout the year as appropriate. These results are considered in the context of the Corporation’s strategic planning, capital
allocation and business decision-making processes.

In addition, certain key risks are reviewed in greater detail by the Board or its committees over the course of the year, depending on
their nature and significance.

Principal risks
The Corporation’s principal risks vary from time to time based on business conditions and strategic priorities. For fiscal 2026, the
principal risks identified included, among others, changes in customer behaviour, information technology systems, competition,
legislative and regulatory requirements, cigarette products and other nicotine products, and road transportation fuel.

In Camera sessions of independent Directors
To maintain independence from management, our Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that independent Board members
meet at each quarterly and special Board meeting, without the presence of management and under the chairmanship of the Lead
Director. Similarly, each committee of the Board holds separate sessions without management present chaired by the committee
Chair at each quarterly and special committee meeting.




                                                                                                                                47

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
About our Board Committees

The Board has two committees that help it carry out its responsibilities.
   Audit Committee
     100% independent                              Members:                                       2026 meetings:
   100% financially literate                   Eric Boyko (chair)                          4 meetings – 100% attendance
                                              Marie-Josée Lamothe
                                               Monique F. Leroux
                                               Stephen J. Harper
 The Audit Committee helps the Board of Directors oversee:
   ▪   the integrity of the Corporation’s financial reporting;
   ▪   the Corporation’s compliance with the requirements established by law and regulation;
   ▪   the independence, competence and appointment of the external auditors;
   ▪   the performance of internal and external auditors;
   ▪   management’s responsibilities with regard to internal controls;
   ▪   the risk management program, including cyber security risks; and
   ▪   oversight of environmental, social and governance financial reporting.
   In fiscal 2026, the Audit Committee, in accordance with its mandate and work plan, accomplished the following:
   Oversight of financial          ▪ recommended the annual and quarterly financial statements and related MD&A as well as
   reporting                         press releases to the Board for approval;
                                   ▪ conducted a review of disclosure controls and procedures including internal controls over
                                     financial reporting;
                                   ▪ reviewed key accounting judgments and estimates and discussed significant financial
                                     reporting matters with management and the external auditors;
   Financial planning              ▪ oversaw the Corporation’s insurance program;
                                   ▪ oversaw the Corporation’s strategic business plan;
                                   ▪ oversaw the Corporation's tax structure and strategy;
                                   ▪ oversaw investor relations activities;
                                   ▪ oversaw treasury activities, including the review of a Global Management Treasury Policy;
                                   ▪ oversaw the Corporation's treasury capital allocation and capital structure strategy, and
                                     recommended to the Board the approval of an increase in the quarterly dividend, NCIB, debt
                                     issuance and financial instrument renewal;
   Financial risk management       ▪ oversaw risk management activities and results, and conducted a review of the key risks
   and disclosure controls           facing the Corporation;
                                   ▪ reviewed disclosure practices supporting the integrity, accuracy and completeness of public
                                     financial reporting;
   Oversight of Internal Audit     ▪ conducted a review of the audit plan and monitored its quarterly and annual execution.
   and internal controls           ▪ conducted an annual review of the enterprise risk management program;
                                   ▪ reviewed internal audit findings and management’s progress in addressing key control
                                     matters;
                                   ▪ oversaw the effectiveness of the Corporation’s internal control environment;
   Oversight of external           ▪ conducted an evaluation of the performance of the external auditors and recommended their
   auditors                          reappointment;
                                   ▪ conducted a review of quarterly reports by the external auditors on the financial statements;
                                   ▪ conducted a review of the annual audit plan and the compensation of external auditors with
                                     respect to the annual audit;
                                   ▪ reviewed the independence of the external auditors, including consideration of non-audit
                                     services;




                                                                                                                             48

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
  Audit Committee
  Risk management,               ▪ conducted a review of the Audit Committee work plan for fiscal 2026-2027;
  compliance, and cyber          ▪ received quarterly reports on the Corporation's material litigation;
  security                       ▪ conducted a review of the Corporation's 2025 Annual Report;
                                 ▪ conducted a review of the Corporation's 2025 Annual Information Form;
                                 ▪ oversaw cyber security protocols, quarterly reporting of significant cyber risk and mitigation
                                   strategies implemented by management;
                                 ▪ conducted a review of the Corporation's Cybersecurity Incident Management Policy;
                                 ▪ received quarterly fuel sourcing reports;
                                 ▪ reviewed compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, including the
                                   disclosure of significant matters;
  Fraud oversight                ▪ received quarterly financial whistleblowing reports;
  Oversight of                   ▪ assessed and oversaw the enhancement of environmental, social and governance reporting
  environmental, social and        practices along well-recognized standard frameworks, in particular by considering the scope
  governance reporting             of, and review of disclosures based on recommendations from the IFRS Foundation as it
                                   relates to climate-reporting, governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets;
                                 ▪ participated in a joint discussion with the HRCG Committee to review regulatory reporting and
                                   future regulatory requirements;
                                 ▪ reviewed climate-related disclosures included in public reporting.




                                                                                                                            49

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
  Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
     100% independent                            Members:                                       2026 meetings:
                                             Jean Bernier (chair)                        4 meetings – 100% attendance
                                               Janice L. Fields
                                                Mélanie Kau
                                                 Louis Têtu
 The Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee helps the Board of Directors fulfill its responsibilities related to:
  ▪ human resources;
  ▪ appointing directors and senior management;
  ▪ succession planning;
  ▪ sustainability strategy;
  ▪ compensation;
  ▪ safety and environmental processes and systems;
  ▪ environmental, social and corporate governance; and
  ▪ ethics.
  In fiscal 2026, the HRCG Committee, in accordance with its mandate and work plan, accomplished the following:
  Oversight of Human             ▪ conducted a review of the HRCG Committee work plan for fiscal 2026-2027;
  Resources and Corporate        ▪ conducted a review of the mandates of the Board and the Committees;
  Governance controls            ▪ oversaw the Corporation’s corporate governance framework, including developments in
                                   governance best practices;
  Human Resources matters        ▪ reviewed performance measures and key components of executive compensation, including
                                   short-term incentive plans and PSU criteria;
                                 ▪ conducted a review of the executive compensation program;
                                 ▪ approved the annual incentive bonus payout;
                                 ▪ approved amendments to provisions in the event of a change of control under the Share Unit
                                   Plan;
                                 ▪ reviewed the Corporation’s retirement plans;
                                 ▪ conducted a review of the Employee Share Purchase Plan;
                                 ▪ conducted a review of the Deferred Share Unit Plan;
                                 ▪ conducted a review of shareholding guidelines compliance;
                                 ▪ oversaw health and safety policies and practices;
                                 ▪ reviewed the Corporation’s overall compensation philosophy and alignment with
                                   performance, and considered risks associated with compensation policies and practices;
                                 ▪ monitored broader human capital management practices;
  Organizational and             ▪ received quarterly reports from the Chief People Officer on organizational matters, employee
  succession planning              engagement and employee turnover;
                                 ▪ reviewed succession plans for key executive roles, including the Chief Executive Officer, and
                                   considered contingency succession planning;
  Composition and                ▪ conducted a review of the competencies, skills and personal qualities required for Board
  performance of the Board         members;
  and Committees                 ▪ conducted a review of the skills matrix and recommended for approval by the Board certain
                                   amendments;
                                 ▪ conducted a review of and recommended for approval by the Board of the director
                                   compensation for Board and committee services;
                                 ▪ reviewed the Board and committee assessment results and related action plans;
                                 ▪ reviewed AGM-related matters, including voting results and AGM format
                                 ▪ reviewed the annual Director and Officer questionnaire and related governance disclosures,
                                   and assessed the independence and time commitments of directors;
                                 ▪ considered and recommended for approval Board nominations for fiscal 2026;
                                 ▪ recommended the composition of the Board and its committees;




                                                                                                                            50

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
   Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
   Director recruitment            ▪ continued to enhance the director education program by identifying education opportunities
   onboarding and education          at or in between scheduled Board and committee meetings that provide in-depth reviews of
                                     strategic/operational risks and activities;
                                   ▪ conducted a review of Board and Committee succession plan;
                                   ▪ conducted a review of the Directors orientation plan and development program;
   Regulatory and                  ▪ conducted a review of shareholder proposals to be included in the Management Information
   compliance                        Circular;
                                   ▪ conducted a review of the Management Information Circular;
                                   ▪ received regular reports with respect to directors’ share ownership guidelines;
                                   ▪ conducted a review of Canada's requirements under Fighting Against Forced Labour and Child
                                     Labour in the Supply Chains Act;
                                   ▪ reviewed the Corporation’s executive compensation disclosure, including the Compensation
                                     Discussion and Analysis section of the Management Information Circular;
   Corporate governance            ▪ conducted a review of the Delegation of Authority Policy;
   matters                         ▪ conducted a review of the Ethics Code of Conduct and the Supplier Code of Conduct;
                                   ▪ conducted a review of Corporation's corporate governance framework, including the
                                     Corporate Governance Guidelines and Diversity Policy;
                                   ▪ conducted a review of the mandates (charters) of the Board and its Committees;
                                   ▪ conducted a review of corporate governance trends and emerging practices;
                                   ▪ recommended governance framework enhancements and monitored compliance with key
                                     governance policies;
   Environmental and social        ▪ oversaw the Corporation’s sustainability strategy, including sustainability workstreams;
   responsibility matters and      ▪ received reports with respect to measurable objectives on sustainability initiatives;
   disclosures                     ▪ reviewed and provided input to the Board on the management of current and emerging
                                     sustainability matters affecting the Corporation;
                                   ▪ conducted a review and provided input to the annual Sustainability Report;
                                   ▪ participated in a joint discussion with the Audit Committee to review regulatory reporting
                                     and future regulatory requirements;
                                   ▪ considered the Corporation’s ESG-related engagement with stakeholders and alignment of
                                     sustainability priorities with long-term strategy;
   Ethics and Compliance           ▪ reviewed quarterly whistleblowing reports;
                                   ▪ oversaw the Corporation’s ethics and compliance framework, including policies and practices
                                     supporting an ethical culture and the handling of reported concerns.




Ethical business behaviour and Ethics Code of Conduct

Respect is at the heart of all that we do – our culture of honesty and openness drives our success. We believe in doing what we say
we will do, listening to others, and operating in a way that sustains the trust of our suppliers, partners, and customers. It has been a
key factor in how we have been able to acquire so many companies, and welcome many of their people into the Alimentation
Couche-Tard family. For us, honesty and trust are a common language that transcends our culture.
Respect for human rights is just as important to us. We show respect for all individuals and our workplaces are characterized by
equality and inclusive culture, consistent with the relevant regulations where we do business. We do not accept any form of
discrimination of our employees, customers or anyone involved in our activities, and expect our suppliers and partners to act
according to ethical standards that are consistent with our values.




                                                                                                                                  51

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Ethics Code of Conduct
The Ethics Code reinforces the Corporation's commitment to maintaining high ethical standards in all of its operations and business
practices worldwide. The Ethics Code covers important topics such as integrity, confidentiality, protecting our property and assets,
conflicts of interest, fair treatment of clients, suppliers, competitors and employees, insider information and insider trading. It is
truly meant to be a guide that help us all make the right decisions. It is available in a user-friendly and multilingual document. A
copy of our Ethics Code is available on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com) and on SEDAR+ (sedarplus.ca).
Everyone who joins our company is required to read, sign, and comply with our Ethics Code, and then to reaffirm and acknowledge
their understanding of it annually.
As part of our continuous culture-building efforts, we periodically review our Ethics Code and ensure the applicability our annual
mandatory training for non-store team members alongside the acknowledgment process. This mandatory training program is
enhanced by several other targeted training modules (either in-person or online) on specific topics such as principals of competition
law, anti-harassment and privacy, among others. The Ethics Code applies to everyone at the Corporation and its subsidiaries, and
we expect required consultants, intermediaries, lobbyists and anyone who works on our behalf to comply with the Ethics Code.

Everyone is responsible for raising known or suspected breaches of the Ethics Code immediately to the employee’s supervisor, local
Human Resources Department or local Legal Department. All reports are treated impartially and confidentially, to the extent
possible and consistent with applicable law, and the need to conduct a thorough investigation, and there will be no retaliation
against anyone who makes a report in good faith.
The HRCG Committee not only reviews the Ethics Code regularly to ensure its relevance with the most current ethical concerns, but
it also monitors compliance with the Ethics Code. It receives quarterly reports from the Chief of Legal Affairs and Corporate
Secretary on complaints made through the ACT Hotline, including the number of complaints, their nature, and any sanctions
imposed. For certain specific breaches, it also receives the results of investigations and the corrective actions taken.

Supplier Code of Conduct
The Supplier Code of Conduct allows us to leverage existing practices across our multiple geographies by consolidating regional
supplier-oriented requirements into a global document. It applies to all suppliers, vendors, service providers, agents, brokers and
manufacturers who i) manufacture, supply and/or package goods and services for resale and/or goods and services not for resale;
or ii) maintain a business relationship with the Corporation.

The Supplier Code of Conduct is derived from our determination to conduct business with honestly and integrity. As a result, we
center our business relationships with those suppliers who share a commitment to the following fundamental principals:

  ▪ compliance with applicable laws and legal requirements;
  ▪ ethical business practices, including anti-bribery, anti-corruption, conflicts of interest and responsible business conduct
    requirements;
  ▪ ethical employment standards, including requirements relating to human rights, forced labour, child labour, and fair working
    conditions; and
  ▪ environment and sustainability, including environmental stewardship and broader ESG-related expectations across the supply
    chain.

The Corporation expects suppliers to monitor their compliance with the terms of the Supplier Code of Conduct, including the
communication and monitoring of the supplier representatives’ compliance with the Supplier Code of Conduct. We reserve the right
to follow-up with suppliers and supplier representatives through questionnaires, self-assessments, third party audits, visit to
suppliers’ premise and business improvement programs, and may require corrective actions or terminate relationships in cases of
material non-compliance. Suppliers are required to ensure that their own supply chains comply with the Supplier Code of Conduct
and are expected to implement appropriate training, monitoring and recordkeeping processes to support compliance.

Our suppliers are encouraged to speak up and report any actual or suspected suspicious, unlawful or unethical behaviour, including
any non-compliance or suspected non-compliance with applicable laws or industry standards, by phone or online through the ACT
Hotline.
The HRCG Committee assists the Board in carrying out its responsibilities by dealing with matters relating to ESG, including
oversight of any matters covered by the Supplier Code of Conduct. The HRCG Committee is briefed on ESG-related matters on a
quarterly basis. A copy of our Supplier Code of Conduct is available on our website (corpo.couche-tard.com).




                                                                                                                                52

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
ACT Hotline
                                                                                                        REPORTING A BREACH
The ACT Hotline is a worldwide communication platform, fostering transparency and
                                                                                                        Suspected breaches of the
accountability and is available online at all times and in a multitude of linguistic options to
                                                                                                        policy can be reported to an
employees and customers everywhere the Corporation operates. The ACT Hotline offers an
                                                                                                        employee’s supervisor, local
anonymous reporting option where it is legal to do so, and provides tools ensuring
                                                                                                        Human Resources
transparency and timeliness in the treatment of submitted concerns. The HRCG Committee
                                                                                                        Departments or local Legal
receives quarterly reports on complaints made through the ACT Hotline.
                                                                                                        Departments or through the
You can find out more about our Ethics Code and the ACT Hotline at:                                     ACT Hotline at
https://corporate.couche-tard.com/ethics-and-compliance.                                                couchetard.ethicspoint.com


Whistleblower policy
In addition to monitoring compliance with the Ethics Code, the Board has adopted various policies and procedures which are
updated on a regular basis to reflect recent development and best practices. The Whistleblower Policy and Procedures which covers
accounting and auditing matters, corporate fraud, and internal accounting controls. This policy provides Couche-Tard’s employees
and external stakeholders with communications channels that will allow them to raise concerns in confidence, and anonymously if
desired, without fear of reprisals or retaliation of any kind. All directors, officers and employees are required to understand this
policy and comply with its terms.
The Audit Committee monitors compliance with the Whistleblower Policy. It receives quarterly reports on complaints made through
the ACT Hotline, including the number of complaints, their nature, and any sanctions imposed. For certain specific breaches, it also
receives the results of investigations and the corrective actions taken.

Insider trading policy
In addition to its strict disclosure practices, the Corporation has adopted an Insider Trading Policy which is designed to prevent
improper trading in the Corporation’s securities and the improper communication of privileged or material information with respect
to the Corporation that has not been generally disclosed, including compliance with insider trading and tipping rules. Under the
policy, which was last amended in fiscal 2023, those who normally have access to material information that has not been generally
disclosed may only trade in the Corporation’s securities within prescribed periods. The policy also provides processes for the pre-
clearance of trades in the Corporation’s securities and for reporting by the reporting insiders of the Corporation.

Anti-hedging policy
The Board believes that it is inappropriate for directors and executive officers to hedge or monetize transactions to lock in the value
of holdings in the securities of the Corporation (be it shares, DSUs or other forms of securities granted by the Corporation to
directors or executive officers). Such transactions, while allowing the holder to own the Corporation’s securities without the full risks
and rewards of ownership, potentially separate the holder’s interests from those of other stakeholders and, particularly from the
Corporation’s shareholders.
The Corporation’s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that, unless otherwise previously expressly approved by the Board, no
director or executive officer may, at any time, purchase financial instruments, including prepaid variable forward contracts,
instruments for the short sale or purchase or sale of call or put options, equity swaps, collars, or units of exchangeable funds that
are based on fluctuations of the Corporation’s securities and that are designed to or that may reasonably be expected to have the
effect of hedging or offsetting a decrease in the market value of any securities of the Corporation.




                                                                                                                                   53

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Shareholder engagement and transparency
Continuous disclosure and disclosure practices
The Corporation is committed to providing material information to shareholders and the                DISCLOSURE PRACTICES
public in a timely, accurate and balanced way. The Corporation believes that through its annual       We expect all employees,
and ad hoc disclosure documents, including, among others, this Circular, the Corporation’s            including all executive
financial statements and accompanying management’s discussion and analysis, annual                    officers, to exercise the
information form, annual report, quarterly interim reports and conference calls, periodic press       highest standard of care in
releases, as well as the Corporation’s website and sustainability report, it effectively              preparing business and
communicates its commitment to not only meet but exceed governance standards, as                      financial information,
encouraged as best practices or imposed by legislation. The Corporation is committed to               whether for internal or
providing timely, accurate, and balanced disclosure of material information consistent with           external use.
regulatory and legal requirements.
Besides the affirmation of this commitment in our Ethics Code, the Corporation has adopted a Public Disclosure Policy to provide
guidelines with respect to the dissemination and disclosure of information to the investment community and Shareholders. The
objectives of the Public Disclosure Policy seek to ensure that communications are timely, accurate and broadly disseminated in
accordance with applicable legislation, and sound disclosure practices which maintain the confidence of the investment community,
including investors, in the integrity of the Corporation’s information.
Furthermore, the Corporation has mandated a Disclosure Committee with the responsibility to set out procedures and controls for
making sure our disclosure is accurate, complete and in accordance with all applicable statutory and regulatory requirements. The
Disclosure Committee includes the CEO, the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), the Chief Legal Affairs and Corporate Secretary, the SVP
Finance, the VP Controller and the VP Investor Relations and Treasury. Dissemination to the public of material information, both
financial and non-financial, which was previously undisclosed, must be reviewed and approved in advance by the Disclosure
Committee.

Communications and engagement with shareholders
                                                                                                      HOW TO CONTACT THE
Reaching out to stakeholders and listening to their opinion is an important value of the
                                                                                                      BOARD
Corporation and is crucial in understanding our investors’ concerns and sentiment. The
Corporation engages with shareholders through a variety of channels, including the                    You can communicate
Corporation’s website at https://corporate.couche-tard.com/investors/, quarterly conference           directly with the Board by
calls and periodic investor day meetings or similar events.                                           writing to:

We have an investor outreach program through which we engage with some of the                       Alimentation Couche-Tard
Corporation’s institutional shareholders and other stakeholders to discuss a variety of topics.     Inc. c/o Executive Chairman
The Corporation holds investor days or similar events (breakfasts, site visits, virtual             4204 Industriel Blvd.
conferences, presentations by the Corporation’s senior officers, quarterly earnings and             Laval, Québec H7L 0E3
acquisition-specific calls and other meetings, etc.) on a periodic basis at which management        Please mark your envelope
can exchange with analysts, shareholders and other stakeholders of the Corporation. During          private and confidential.
these meetings, management provides an update to analysts, shareholders and other
stakeholders on the Corporation’s operations, performance and outlook while making sure to
respect its disclosure obligations and avoid any selective disclosure. These meetings also provide analysts, shareholders and
stakeholders with the opportunity to raise questions and concerns to Management regarding the Corporation’s business and
affairs. In fiscal 2026, we met one-on-one with several of our major shareholders, which allowed us to provide context about the
Corporation, how we are governed, and the decisions the Board and management make.
Feedback from shareholders comes from one-on-one or group meetings, in addition to regular interactions on specific questions
between the Corporation’s investor relations department and shareholders. Investor relations conferences, and results conference
calls are broadcasted live through the website of the Corporation and materials from results, conference calls as well as a
transcript of the call are archived and available on the website of the Corporation at https://corporate.couche-tard.com/investors/.




                                                                                                                              54

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Say on Pay
The Corporation has adopted a Say on Pay policy, the purpose of which is to provide appropriate director accountability to the
Corporation's shareholders for the Board’s compensation decisions by giving shareholders a formal opportunity, on an annual
basis, to express their views on Corporation's approach to executive compensation, including the disclosed objectives of the
executive compensation plans and the plans themselves. The HRCG Committee carefully considers shareholder feedback on the
Corporation’s executive compensation programs, and works to continue the design and implementation of compensation programs
that promote the creation of shareholder value and further our executive compensation philosophy in a challenging economic
environment.
As this is an advisory vote, the results are not binding upon the Board; however, the Board will take the results of the vote into
account, as appropriate, in considering future compensation policies, procedures, and decisions and in determining whether there
is a need to significantly increase their engagement with shareholders on compensation and related matters. The Corporation
discloses the results of the shareholder non-binding advisory vote as part of its report on voting results and related press release to
be posted on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca. The Board discloses to shareholders, no later than in the management information
circular for its next annual meeting, the changes to the compensation plans made or to be made (or why no such changes were
made) by the Board as a result of its engagement with shareholders. In the event that a significant number of shareholders oppose
the resolution, the Board will consult with its shareholders, particularly those who are known to have voted against the resolution,
in order to understand their concerns and will review the Corporation’s approach to compensation in the context of those concerns.
Shareholders who have voted against the resolution will be encouraged to contact the Board to discuss their specific concerns.
Notwithstanding the advisory vote, the members of the Board remain fully responsible for their compensation decisions and are
not relieved of these responsibilities by the results of the vote.
At the 2025 annual meeting of shareholders held on September 3, 2025, the non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation
received shareholder support with 91.51% of affirmative votes. The Board and the HRCG Committee greatly value shareholder
feedback on executive compensation and will continue to design and implement compensation programs that promote the creation
of shareholder value and align the interests of executive officers with those of shareholders.

Human capital management

Oversight of human capital management
The HRCG Committee has oversight responsibility to review the Corporation’s health, safety and well-being, development, inclusive
culture practices and initiatives and to review the succession plans relating to the positions of CEO and some other executive
offices. To this end, the HRCG Committee receives regular reports from the Chief People Officer (“CPO”) on topics such as
development, inclusive culture programs and initiatives, talent management and succession planning process, health and safety
and well-being programs, as well as any employee engagement activities.

As a testament to this commitment, the Corporation received, for the fifth consecutive year, the Gallup Exceptional Workplace
Award, this year as a Winner with Distinction. This recognition reflects the engagement of our teams and the strength of our culture.

Leadership development and succession
We encourage growth at all levels of our organization – from our convenience store team members to the Board – and believe that
being able to draw on a wide range of viewpoints, backgrounds, skills and experience is critical to our success, particularly in an
increasingly complex global marketplace.

Having an employee base that reflects the communities we serve is also a competitive advantage, because it helps us understand
and serve our customer base more effectively. Inclusion is also an important part of good governance and key to a well-functioning
Board and an effective executive management team.

Our employee-led Business Resource Groups ("BRGs") play an important role in making our workplace feel safe, welcoming, and
connected. By bringing people together through events, networking opportunities, and the celebration of both individual and
collective contributions, BRGs create meaningful connections and help foster a culture rooted in mutual respect and continuous
learning. Members of the leadership team serve as Executive Sponsors, offering strategic guidance, thought leadership, and
support. All BRGs are open to all team members, no matter their identity.




                                                                                                                                 55

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
An Inclusive Workplace                                                                                AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY
The Corporation recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a balanced Board and                   EMPLOYER
executive team and sees this as a competitive advantage. To the effect, the Corporation has           We support the spirit and
adopted a a diversity policy for the Executive Leadership Team setting forth guidelines for           intent of human rights and
promoting balance and inclusion throughout the organization. While all director and executive         anti-discrimination laws, and
appointments are based on merit, the Board expects that when selecting candidates, a wide             promote a culture of
range of criteria are considered, to ensure that these bodies, as a whole, have a variation of        acceptance and respect,
skills, experience and backgrounds of its members (including those with differences in age,           regardless of race, color,
disability, gender, sexual orientation, marital or Civil partnership status, race (including ethnic   gender, sexual orientation,
origin, nationality or color), religious, political or other beliefs, regional and geographic         marital status, religion,
background). You can read more specifically about Board diversity on page 42.                         political affiliation,
We have a large global workforce that spans many cultures, backgrounds and languages. We              nationality, ethnic
have several initiatives and policies that promote an inclusive and respectful workforce,             background, social origin,
including:                                                                                            age or disability or any other
  ▪   cross-cultural training;                                                                        legally protected
  ▪   accommodating religious attire according to local practice;                                     characteristic.
  ▪   improving our compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act standards;                    You can read more in our
  ▪   an ageless workplace strategy that is relevant to at least four generations.                    Ethics Code, which you can
                                                                                                      find on our website.

We are committed to developing our people, so our leadership team is a clearer reflection of our customer and employee base.
We try to promote from within and recognize that we can only reach our leadership goals if we are committed to development and
broad candidate pools in the merit-based hiring process at all levels of the organization.

We recognize autonomy, acknowledge empowerment and emphasize leadership and the opportunities to grow with the
Corporation. We strongly encourage our teams to stand out and become leaders, because we believe that our strength lies in the
growth and development of our employees.

Women in leadership
As at April 26, 2026, 27.8% on our executive leadership team were women. Today we have a              WOMEN IN EXECUTIVE AND
total workforce of 55.7% women which gives us a healthy pipeline to develop women in                  MANAGERIAL ROLES
leadership roles. We are focused on providing equal opportunities for all by investing in
                                                                                                      (as of April 26, 2026)
internal talent development. As measured by Gallup, we achieved a 95th percentile ranking at
                                                                                                                               Women
the company level overall in 2026, placing us among the top 10% of employers on equal
                                                                                                      Executives               27.8%
opportunities. We continue to collaborate with our human resources leaders globally to
                                                                                                      Vice Presidents          30.2%
strengthen our talent pipeline.
                                                                                                      Heads of/Directors       36.5%
Couche-Tard’s Women’s Council is part of the Board's commitment to provide a fair workplace
                                                                                                      Regional Director of     32.0%
to all employees and to take measurable actions promoting a workplace where a broad                   Operations
spectrum of perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. The Women’s                      Sr. Managers/Managers    49.8%
Council’s supports our Growing Together vision by championing mentoring opportunities and             District Managers        50.5%
professional development initiatives that help team members learn, connect, and grow                  Store managers           69.7%
throughout their careers.

Succession planning
The Board recognizes that effective succession planning for the President and CEO, and executive management, ensures continuity
of executive management. The HRCG Committee is responsible for making sure we have executive succession planning and
performance evaluation programs and processes (including development and career planning), and that these are operating
effectively. The HRCG Committee also oversees planning when a change to the organization’s structure has an impact on executive
roles. Working with the President and CEO as well as the CPO, the HRCG Committee reviews our company-wide succession planning
process once a year. The talent and succession process starts at the business unit level with local vice-presidents and local human
resources directors’ review of talent and succession candidates, including nominating candidates for vice-president and functional
leadership roles. After rounds of regional coordination, the executive leadership team performs a company-wide review led by the
CPO. The results from the Corporation wide review, the President and CEO and CPO’s considerations for senior executive
succession are presented to the HRCG Committee annually. The HRCG Committee is responsible for the President and CEO

                                                                                                                                  56

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
succession review, and choice of President and CEO succession candidates. The development of the President and CEO succession
candidates occurs in collaboration with the CPO and the HRCG Committee reviews such process on a semi-annual basis.
The HRCG Committee has a contingency plan to ensure an orderly process in the event something unexpected happens to a
member of the executive management team.

Health, safety and well-being
Our worldwide community of people are at the heart of our business. It is their commitment, safety, motivation and talent that have
made us a successful convenience store operator. We care about our people and take their safety and well-being very seriously. We
continuously work to improve our policies, programs and tools to ensure all our employees and customers feel safe, secure,
included, engaged, and respected. As part of our sustainability journey, our global workplace safety strategy ensures consistent
health, safety and security standards across all markets, while allowing flexibility to address local legal and operational
requirements. The strategy contributes directly to our team members' well-being, operational resilience, and a responsible retailer
approach.

Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) focus, oversight and reporting
                                                                                                     OUR SUSTAINABILITY
Since 2019, we have been on a sustainability journey towards providing greater transparency
                                                                                                     REPORT
and engagement on our efforts and our desire to contribute to a cleaner and safer future while
                                                                                                     You can read more about
creating value for all our stakeholders. In fiscal 2021, we launched our new Sustainability
                                                                                                     our key areas of focus, why
Framework, guided by the three core pillars of “Planet”, “People” and "Prosperity", which puts
                                                                                                     they’re important, and our
even greater focus on including our stakeholders. Our identified stakeholders are customers,
                                                                                                     progress this year in our
employees, suppliers, NGOs, communities and governments, as well as investors. In fiscal
                                                                                                     2026 Sustainability Report,
2022, we defined four values we live by: One Team, Do the Right Thing, Take Ownership,
                                                                                                     which is available on our
and Play to Win. These values continue to drive how we operate, make decisions and engage
                                                                                                     website.
with our stakeholders. Our Sustainability Report has consistently reflected our belief that
sustainability is not a standalone initiative, but a lens through which we manage risk, pursue
opportunity and deliver long term value.

In 2026, we are proud to be recognized for the fourth time with an AA rating by MSCI ESG, a company leading its industry in
managing the most significant environmental, social and corporate governance ("ESG") risks and opportunities.




                                                                                                                             57

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
ESG Governance
Our governance structure ensures that sustainability is integrated at all levels of responsibility and decision-making across our
organization. Our updated business strategy focuses on targeted growth in food, fuel, beverages, eMobility, and more. As we work
to build on these strengths, we are continuing our sustainability progress as a Responsible Retailer.

                                                         Board of Directors
                Our sustainability work is headed by our Board of Directors, which oversees external commitments,
                                            programs, risks, performance, and reporting.
                                                                   ↓
                                                      Executive Management
               Overall sustainability strategic direction—sustainability governance, social/ people and environmental
                                            topics. Audits reporting and risk management.
                                                                   ↓
                            Chief People Officer (Leader of Couche-Tard’s sustainability efforts)
                Works with the core sustainability team to implement the sustainability strategy. Responsible for the
                                               strategy, initiatives and performance.
                                                                   ↓
                                                         Executive Sponsors
            The sponsors are responsible for the sustainability priority roadmap and external commitments and set the
                           direction to ensure the workstream leads have access to relevant resources.
                                                                   ↓

                                                           Business Units
                                Execute sustainability roadmaps across functions and business units.


Our Board of Directors, with the oversight of the HRCG and Audit Committees, oversees the planning, progress, and achievement of
the company’s strategic sustainability and climate objectives and meets quarterly to discuss and monitor progress. The Board has
ultimate responsibility for the oversight of sustainability-related issues, including climate change. Specifically, it is responsible for
overseeing all risks material to the business and ensuring that effective mitigation strategies are in place. The Board also approves
the company’s sustainability and climate-related ambitions, commitments, policies, management systems, and external disclosures.

More specifically, our climate-related ambitions and commitments are developed by the Executive Leadership Team and approved
by the Board of Directors. Although each focus area is championed by an Executive Sponsor, our business units play an integral role
in implementing the changes we wish to see. Through our decentralized model, our business units are empowered and able to seize
additional relevant opportunities and pursue actions as they see fit (expansion of renewable fuel offers, purchase of renewable
electricity, installation of energy management systems, procurement of specific lighting, etc.).

ESG Reporting
The Corporation uses recognized frameworks to communicate ESG performance to stakeholders. These frameworks also support
the Corporation’s constant efforts to evaluate, monitor and improve its ESG strategies. For example, the Corporation prepares its
annual Sustainability Report in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative ("GRI") Sustainability Standards, the Sustainability
Accounting Standards Board ("SASB"), and the Greenhouse Gas Protocol ("GHG Protocol"). An index of our alignment with the GRI
and SASB Standards is available at: corporate.couche-tard.com/sustainability.




                                                                                                                                   58

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
2026 Performance

Fiscal year 2026 financial performance was strong. Management maintained a strong focus on growth, improving operational
metrics and executing its multi-year strategic plan. This included the strategic acquisition of GetGo, which added approximately
270 stores to our U.S. network on June 28, 2025.

Net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Corporation stood at US $3.1 billion for fiscal 2026, compared with US $2.6 billion
for fiscal 2025, an increase of US $563.3 million, primarily driven by higher road transportation fuel gross margin1, by the
contribution from acquisitions and by organic growth in our convenience activities across all our geographies, partly offset by the
impact of inflation and strategic investments on our operating expenses and depreciation. Diluted net earnings per share1 stood at
US $3.37, compared with US $2.71 for the previous year.

                      (52-week period)                                                          2026                   2025

                      Net earnings attributable to shareholders of the                       $3,143.7               $2,580.4
                      Corporation ($US millions)
                      Merchandise and service revenues growth                                  +6.9%                  +4.7%
                      Merchandise and service gross profit growth1                             +8.2%                  +4.7%
                      Road transportation fuel revenues growth                                 +4.3%                  +5.6%
                      Road transportation fuel gross profit growth1                           +13.8%                 +10.3%
                      Return on capital employed(1)                                            13.7%                  12.2%
                      1
                        This is a non-IFRS Accounting Standards financial measure or ratio. Refer to the Non-IFRS Accounting
                      Standards Measures on page 4 for additional information.

For more information about Couche-Tard’s performance, we invite you to review the Corporation’s annual audited consolidated
financial statements and MD&A for the year ended April 26, 2026 and which are available on the Corporation’s website at https://
corporate.couche-tard.com/ and on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.




                                                                                                                               59

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Our 2026 Named Executive Officers

Below is a description of each of the individuals who form our current named executive officer team, which includes our Founder
and Executive Chairman, our President and Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer, our Executive Vice President, North
America Operations and our Chief Technology Officer (the “Named Executive Officers” or "NEOs"). Detailed information regarding
the compensation awarded to our Named Executive Officers is found in the section titled Key Compensation Tables in the summary
compensation table.

                                Alain Bouchard, O.C., O.Q.
                                Founder and Executive Chairman
                                Meets equity ownership requirement




Alain Bouchard has served as Executive Chairman of Couche-Tard since 2014, following a 25-year tenure as President and Chief Executive
Officer. His entrepreneurial drive set the foundation for Couche-Tard, transforming a single convenience store in Québec into one of the
world’s largest and most respected convenience and mobility retailers. His leadership and passion have paved the way for this ambition
and continue to inspire our journey forward.
Mr. Bouchard opened his first convenience store in Québec in 1980 and founded the companies that grew into Couche-Tard. With over five
decades of experience in the retail sector, he collaborated closely with his colleagues and staff to build Couche-Tard into the business it is
today.
In addition to his leadership at Couche-Tard, Mr. Bouchard has also served on the Board of Directors of Quebecor from 1997 to 2009 and
the Board of Directors of CGI Inc. from 2013 to 2023.
Mr. Bouchard is a Member of the Order of Canada and an Officer of the Ordre national du Québec. He has received honorary doctorates
from Université Laval and McGill University and has been recognized with multiple awards for business leadership, including Canada’s
Outstanding CEO of the Year (2013), NACS Insight International Convenience Leader of the Year (2014), and International Business Leader
of The Year by the Canadian Chamber of Commerce (2025).
Mr. Bouchard has been involved in several fundraising campaigns and philanthropic activities. He and his wife established the Sandra and
Alain Bouchard Foundation in 2012, which supports various causes associated with people living with intellectual disabilities as well as
artistic and cultural projects. In 2015, Mr. Bouchard and his wife were named Exceptional philanthropist of the year by the Québec Chapter
of the Association of Fundraising Professionals, and they both hold an honorary doctorate from Concordia University in Montréal for their
leading role in philanthropy in Québec.
Mr. Bouchard lives in Québec, Canada and speaks French and English.




                                                                                                                                        60

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                                        Alex Miller
                                        President and Chief Executive Officer
                                        Meets equity ownership requirement




 Alex Miller has served as President and Chief Executive Officer at Couche-Tard since September 2024. In this role, he leads Couche-Tard’s
 global strategy and oversees long-term growth initiatives, including mergers and acquisitions, market expansion and innovation across
 retail and fuel operations. He plays a central role in shaping Couche-Tard’s vision to be the world’s favorite stop for people on the go. His
 strong leadership and strong background in global convenience operations, fuel and commercial optimization helps fuel Couche-Tard’s
 network performance around the globe.
 Mr. Miller has been with Couche-Tard since 2012, previously serving as Chief Operating Officer, Executive Vice-President of North America
 Operations and Global Optimization, and Executive Vice President of Commercial Optimization, as well as several other roles within the fuel
 and real estate functions.
 Prior to joining Couche-Tard, Mr. Miller was with BP Plc. for 16 years in a variety of operational, supply, business development, and strategic
 roles in the US and Europe.
 Mr. Miller holds a Bachelor of Science in Business Management from Southern Illinois University.
 Mr. Miller lives in South Carolina, United States and speaks English.



                                        Filipe Da Silva
                                        Chief Financial Officer
                                        Does not meet equity ownership requirement(1)




 Filipe Da Silva has served as Chief Financial Officer at Couche-Tard since July 2023. In this role, he leads Couche-Tard’s global finance
 function, overseeing financial strategy, capital allocation, cost management, and investment initiatives to support growth and operational
 excellence, ensuring financial strength and driving shareholder value for Couche-Tard’s network.
 Mr. Da Silva has been with Couche-Tard since 2023, previously serving as Senior Vice President Finance.
 Prior to joining Couche-Tard, Mr. Da Silva was with Walmart from 2016 to 2023 where he held the position of Chief Financial Officer in
 Central America, and Chief Financial Officer and Head of Real Estate in Canada. Mr. Da Silva has also held a variety of management
 positions within TotalEnergies, a French energy conglomerate, in Argentina, followed by Carrefour, a French multinational retail and
 wholesaling corporation, working out of Argentina, Colombia, India and Indonesia, and Groupe Exito, one of South America’s largest
 retailers.
 Mr. Da Silva holds a Masters in Strategy and Finance from ESCP Business School.
 Mr. Da Silva lives in Ontario, Canada and speaks French, English, Spanish and Portuguese.
(1)
      Mr. Da Silva has until July 2028 to meet his equity ownership requirement.




                                                                                                                                          61

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                                Louise Warner
                                Executive Vice President, North America Operations
                                Meets equity ownership requirement




Louise Warner has served as Executive Vice President, North America Operations at Couche-Tard since September 2024. In this role, she
oversees Couche-Tard’s operations in Canada and the U.S.
Ms. Warner has been with Couche-Tard since 2021, previously serving as Senior Vice-President, Global Fuels.
Prior to joining Couche-Tard, Ms. Warner was with Caltex Australia (now Ampol) for 21 years in a variety of leadership, fuel, infrastructure,
operational, project, and commercial roles in Australia, Singapore, New Zealand, and the Philippines.
Ms. Warner holds a Bachelor of Engineering in Chemical Engineering with First Class Honors from the University of New South Wales in
Sydney, Australia.
Ms. Warner lives in North Carolina, United States and speaks English.


                                Ed Dzadovsky
                                Chief Technology Officer
                                Meets equity ownership requirement




Ed Dzadovsky has served as Chief Technology Officer at Couche-Tard since April 2022. In this role, he leads global technology strategy and
transformation across Couche-Tard’s operations, including Circle K stores worldwide. He plays a key role in overseeing IT retail systems,
infrastructure, cybersecurity, and digital platform development. His team delivers innovative solutions that improve customer experience,
operational efficiency, and store capabilities.
Mr. Dzadovsky has been with Couche-Tard since 2018, previously serving as Vice President of North America IT.
Prior to joining Couche-Tard, Mr. Dzadovsky was with McDonald’s for nearly 20 years in a variety of in-store operational roles and in
leadership roles within headquarters including Senior Director of Operations Restaurant Technology and IT Delivery Global Digital
Products. He has built a reputation of developing high performing teams of operations and IT experts with a relentless focus on
technology and digital transformation.
Mr. Dzadovsky holds a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from the University of Pittsburgh.
Mr. Dzadovsky lives in Arizona, United States and speaks English.




                                                                                                                                        62

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Executive 2026 Compensation at a Glance and Performance

Our compensation program is designed to drive short and long-term business performance and appreciation in our share price,
which creates value for our shareholders. The compensation policies for executives are intended to adequately compensate their
services while establishing a correlation between their compensation and the Corporation’s financial performance.




The table below is a summary of total direct compensation (base salary, short-term incentive and long-term incentives) granted to
our NEOs for fiscal 2026 performance. You can read about each compensation component in more detail beginning on page 65.

                                                                                       Long-term incentives
                                                                                                                    Fiscal 2026
                                                                    Annual           Share              Stock       total direct   % at risk for    % at risk for
                                                    Salary(1)     incentive     units(2),(3),(4)    options(5)   compensation      fiscal 2026(6)   fiscal 2025(6)
 Alain Bouchard                                  $1,470,060     $1,012,504     $2,816,429          $3,101,820       $8,400,813              83%              67%
 Founder and Executive Chairman
 Alex Miller                                     $1,633,642     $2,843,558     $6,398,888          $1,949,743      $12,825,831              70%              62%
 President and Chief Executive Officer
 Filipe Da Silva                                  $771,088        $803,859     $1,642,121           $426,524        $3,643,592              63%              55%
 Chief Financial Officer
 Louise Warner                                    $781,306        $814,512     $1,175,309           $194,263        $2,965,390              60%              47%
 EVP North America Operations
 Ed Dzadovsky                                     $698,864        $723,324        $698,562          $173,184        $2,293,934              59%              44 %
 Chief Technology Officer
(1)
      Messrs. Miller, Dzadovsky and Ms. Warner are paid in U.S. dollars. Their compensation has been converted into Canadian dollars using the annual average
      exchange rate of 1.3806 for fiscal 2026.
(2)
      Amounts include the fair value, calculated using the weighted average price of the Shares on the TSX for the five days prior to the grant, of the Matching
      DSUs granted in fiscal 2026, with respect to Mr. Miller's election to receive a portion of his fiscal 2025 bonus in DSUs.
(3)
      Share units are composed at 65% of PSUs and at 35% of either RSUs or DSUs at the election of each NEO. PSUs are performance based (see page 67 for
      details about the NEOs’ long-term incentives).
(4)
      Share units are awarded based on the weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five days immediately preceding the grant date.
(5)
      Amounts represent the fair value of the stock option awards on the grant date, calculated using the Black-Scholes model.
(6)
      The at-risk compensation is composed of the annual incentive, stock options, PSUs, RSUs and Matching DSUs (as such terms are defined at page 68).

Share performance and executive pay
Our shares have performed well over the past several years, outperforming the market and delivering strong returns to
shareholders. The graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return of $100 invested in our Common Shares, formerly
Class A Shares and Class B Shares (that ceased trading on December 7, 2021) since fiscal 2021, with the cumulative total
shareholder return of the S&P/TSX Composite Index over the same period and assumes reinvestment of dividends.




                                                                                                                                                               63

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                                                                      Comparison of the Corporation Total Return with S&P Indices
                                                              Common Shares            Class A Shares               Class B Shares            S&P/TSX Composite Index

                                              $200.00


                                              $180.00


                                              $160.00


                                              $140.00


                                              $120.00


                                              $100.00


                                                $80.00
                                                              April 2021        April 2022         April 2023             April 2024          April 2025         April 2026



                                                                               April 2021          April 2022              April 2023           April 2024           April 2025                 April 2026
 Common Shares(1)                                                                        —              $136.45               $162.85              $187.38              $174.90                            $185.42

 Class A Shares(1)                                                                $100.00               $136.45                        —                    —                   —                                 —
                                        (2)
 Class B Shares                                                                   $100.00                       —                      —                    —                   —                                 —
 S&P/TSX Composite Index                                                          $100.00               $110.91               $108.03              $115.01              $129.36                            $177.49
(1)
    Class A Shares ceased to trade on the TSX effective September 1, 2022 and Common Shares commenced trading on the TSX effective September 1, 2022
as part of the Conversion Event.
(2)
    Class B Shares ceased to trade on the TSX effective December 7, 2021.

Cost of management
The graph below shows Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and impairment ("EBITDA")1 and total direct
compensation granted to our NEOs over the past five years as a percentage of EBITDA1 to show the cost of management over the
same period. Our cost of management has averaged less than 1% of EBITDA1 over the five-year period.


                                                                                   COST OF MANAGEMENT
                                        10000                                                                                                                                   1%



                                                                                                                                                                                     Total direct compensation
                                         9000




              EBITDA¹ (USD$ millions)
                                         8000
                                         7000
                                         6000
                                         5000


                                                                                                                                                                                         as a % of EBITDA¹
                                         4000
                                         3000
                                         2000
                                         1000
                                            0                                                                                                                                   0%
                                                         Fiscal 2022          Fiscal 2023              Fiscal 2024               Fiscal 2025               Fiscal 2026

                                                             EBITDA¹ (USD$ millions)                    Total NEO direct compensation as a % of EBITDA¹

                 1
                  This is a non-IFRS Accounting Standards financial measure. Refer to the Non-IFRS Accounting Standards Measures on page 4 for
                 additional information.
                                                                                         Fiscal 2022            Fiscal 2023                Fiscal 2024          Fiscal 2025                            Fiscal 2026
 EBITDA(1) (USD$ millions)                                                                   $5,244                     $5,762                 $5,596                 $5,940                                     $7,024
 Total direct compensation granted to NEOs (in USD)                                     $19,688,683             $29,850,576                $22,878,456          $17,212,131 (2)                     $21,822,840
 Total direct compensation as a % of EBITDA(1)                                                 0.4%                       0.5%                   0.4%                    0.3%                                     0.3%
(1)
      This is a non-IFRS Accounting Standards financial measure. Refer to the Non-IFRS Accounting Standards Measures on page 4 for additional information.
(2)
      Fiscal 2025 includes CEO salary pro-rated for the portion of the year Messrs. Miller and Hannasch occupied this position, respectively.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                  64

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Total direct compensation includes base salary, the short-term incentive, any special bonus awarded during the fiscal year, and
long-term incentives (see page 67 for details about the NEOs’ long-term incentives). As our financial results are reported in USD, the
above values are all expressed in USD. Compensation granted to NEOs paid in CAD have been converted into USD using the average
exchange rates for each fiscal year: 0.7243 (2026), 0.7175 (2025), 0.7406 (2024), 0.7526 (2023), 0.7978 (2022).

Trend in Compensation
The following graph illustrates the relationship between the aggregate total direct compensation paid to all NEOs relative to the
Corporation’s cumulative total shareholder return of $100 invested in our Common Shares, formerly Class A Shares and Class B
Shares (that ceased trading on December 7, 2021) since fiscal 2021. It should be noted that this graph does not illustrate the
compensation earned by our current NEOs between years 2021 and 2026, but rather the compensation awarded to the named
executive officers mentioned in each of the Corporation’s management proxy circulars of fiscal years 2022 to 2026. Additionally, in
fiscal 2025, total direct compensation reflects CEO salary pro-rated for the portion of the year Messrs. Miller and Hannasch occupied
this position, respectively. All other elements of compensation reflects only that of Mr. Miller.


                                         280                                                                  45,000,000




                                                                                                                           Total NEO direct compensation
                                         260
                                                                                                              40,000,000
                                         240
                                         220                                                                  35,000,000




                      Investment value
                                         200
                                         180                                                                  30,000,000
                                         160                                                                  25,000,000
                                         140
                                         120                                                                  20,000,000
                                         100                                                                  15,000,000
                                          80
                                          60                                                                  10,000,000
                                          40
                                                                                                              5,000,000
                                          20
                                           0                                                                  —
                                               2021      2022      2023         2024     2025       2026

                                                Total NEO direct compensation          Common Shares
                                                Multiple Voting Shares                 Subordinate Voting Shares


                   Multiple Voting Shares ceased to trade on the TSX effective September 1, 2022, Common Shares commenced
                   trading on the TSX effective September 1, 2022 as part of the Conversion Event, and Subordinate Voting Shares
                   ceased to trade on the TSX effective December 7, 2021.

Since 2021, total shareholder return increased at a compound annual growth rate ("CAGR") of over 13%, while total NEO direct
compensation increased at a CAGR of 2.5%. As a consequence of the Corporation’s evolution and continuous growth, we continue
to annually review and update the compensation plans offered to NEOs in order to continue supporting a pay-for-performance
philosophy and increasing alignment of executive compensation with shareholder interests.




                                                                                                                                                           65

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Executive Compensation Program
Philosophy
The Corporation’s compensation program is designed to attract, retain and incentivize executives to achieve performance objectives
aligned with the Corporation’s vision, entrepreneurial culture and strategic orientation consistent with shareholders’ value creation.
It also allows the Corporation to reward those executives that deliver superior financial performance.
We remain a growth-oriented company and our compensation programs are designed to reward achievement of such growth.

Four elements of our compensation strategy                                                             Our compensation
Be competitive                                                                                         strategy
We have designed our compensation program to recruit, develop and retain talented
executives. We have a formal, independent review process every two years to ensure executive           BE COMPETITIVE
compensation is benchmarked consistently and adjustments may be made at the conclusion                 We have designed our
of the benchmarking process.                                                                           compensation program to
                                                                                                       recruit, develop and retain
Pay for performance
                                                                                                       talented executives
A significant proportion of our executive compensation is tied to variable, performance-based
programs. We set challenging targets and objectives that drive our annual business plan and            PAY FOR PERFORMANCE
our strategy. These targets and objectives motivate the executives to work hard and foster             We reward executives for
teamwork to deliver strong results and be rewarded accordingly. We assess corporate and                exceptional performance in
individual performance in our compensation decision-making. We include at-risk pay to                  achieving pre–determined
motivate the executive team to execute the business plan, in line with our strategy and values,        and quantifiable objectives
and to create value for our shareholders over time without taking excessive risk.
                                                                                                       ALIGN WITH
Align with shareholder interests                                                                       SHAREHOLDER INTERESTS
Our philosophy and approach to executive compensation is structured to align the focus and             Our compensation program
strategic managerial decisions of our executive teams with the interests of shareholders. We           emphasizes value creation,
see Alimentation Couche-Tard as a long-term growth investment and link a material portion of           establishing a direct link
our executive compensation directly to the performance of our shares. We also consider the             between executive and
realizable value of stock option grants the NEOs have received in prior years as part of our           shareholder interests
formal review of salaries and target variable compensation every year. This approach has
delivered positive outcomes when viewed over a multiple year time horizon. We further                  LINK TO STRATEGY
reinforce our alignment with shareholder interests by enabling our executive leadership team           Compensation supports the
and VPs to elect to receive a portion up to 50% of their short-term incentive in DSUs (instead of      achievement of our
cash).                                                                                                 corporate strategy

Link to strategy
A key variable in our ability to deliver results rests in our expertise and strength in integrating acquisitions. The number and scope
of our acquisitions provide us with a unique opportunity to tie additional variable performance-based compensation elements to
successfully execute acquisition plans. The Corporation also recognizes that profitability growth must also come from improvement
in our existing store network and not be solely reliant on acquisitions. Consequently, part of our executive compensation strategy
includes variable compensation elements that are specifically tied to profitability independent from acquisition activity.
Fiscal 2026 tied executive compensation to a new set of key result areas ("KRAs") stemming from our new consumer centric
strategic plan, which will aim to deliver a consistent experience and exceptional value across our network as we strive to be the
most trusted brand in convenience and mobility.

Compensation positioning
To accomplish its goals of attracting, retaining and incentivizing executives to achieve performance objectives aligned with the
Corporation’s vision and strategic orientation, we use a compensation peer group and position our total target compensation
strategy for executives to ensure we are competitive. Please refer to the section entitled Benchmarking on page 72 for a description
of the peer group. More specifically:
  ▪ base salary is generally thoroughly reviewed on a periodic basis and is typically set within a competitive range of the median of
    the peer group, reflecting experience, individual contribution and performance, scope of the role and responsibilities, the need



                                                                                                                                66

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
      to attract new executives and other specific circumstances. The base salary may also be reviewed annually and aligned with the
      relevant regional salary increases;
  ▪   while short-term incentive plan targets are competitive with the median of the peer group, actual payment may exceed market
      median when results surpass objectives or may fall below median (possibly zero) when results are below expectations;
  ▪   grants of share units and stock options promote retention and are aligned with long-term performance objectives;
  ▪   grants of DSUs ensure good long-term alignment with shareholders; and
  ▪   savings plans, benefits and other perquisites are aligned with regional practices in the countries where the Corporation
      operates.

General description of the 2026 compensation elements
Executive compensation includes direct compensation (base salary, short-term incentive and long-term incentives), and indirect
compensation (pension retirement plans and other benefits).
Direct compensation
Salary
Base salaries are fixed pay and based on the individual’s competencies, experience and performance as well as internal
compensation guidelines. Base salaries are reviewed annually and usually adjusted in July. Changes are made to adjust for inflation
or to adjust positioning of salaries in relation to the median of the market and remain competitive.
Short-term incentive
The short-term incentive is an annual cash bonus based on the achievement of several factors, including corporate performance
using a key financial measure as a common global KRA measure, and individual performance based on the achievement of
individual KRAs that are approved by the HRCG Committee. KRAs are predetermined and set annually and are tied to strategic
objectives that are connected to the execution of our business plan.
Corporate performance – key financial measure:
We use net earnings as a key financial measure to align the executive team, create accountability and assess corporate
performance. Net earnings are quantifiable, easy to measure and understand, and motivate the executive team to achieve their
challenging targets. We must achieve at least 90% of the objective for our key financial measure to achieve threshold performance,
otherwise the payout on the financial component is zero. We use a sliding scale that caps the maximum payout for the corporate
financial component at 250%.

                    Financial component                          Focuses on budgeted net earnings, a key financial objective tied
                    (75%)                                        to our annual business plan
                    If we achieve net earnings:                  Then the financial component is:
                       ▪   less than 90% of budget                  ▪   zero
                       ▪   at 90% of budget                         ▪   50%
                       ▪   100% of budget (at target)               ▪   100%
                       ▪   above 100% and up to 130% of budget      ▪   scaled up to a maximum of 250%



Individual performance – individual KRAs:
We assess individual performance in several key result areas – operational, functional, talent
management and development, and strategic planning – to drive strong leadership. Individual                        Fiscal 2026 key result
objectives vary by executive role and responsibilities. The Corporation sets aggressive goals for                  areas for the CEO:
the NEOs and scores each KRA using both quantitative and qualitative criteria. The factors and                     ▪ Winning the customer -
their respective weightings used for the determination of the short-term incentive are: 75%                          Customer ready
corporate financial performance and 25% individual KRAs.                                                           ▪ Food
Long-term incentives                                                                                               ▪ Digital
Long-term incentives include stock options, as well as share units composed at 65% of PSUs and at                  ▪ Data analytics
35% of either RSUs or DSUs at the election of each NEO. The PSUs, RSUs and DSUs are collectively                   ▪ Sustainability - Attract, hire
referred to herein as “Share Units”. The long-term incentives are awarded to motivate the executive                  and retain
team to achieve strong future performance for the Corporation and its shareholders, to retain the
executive team and to align executive interests with those of shareholders.




                                                                                                                                               67

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
 The following table explains the type of grants made to NEOs under our various equity compensation plans, and their respective
 vesting and payout conditions:

                 Description and Vesting Matrix                                       Payment Characteristic and Valuation
Options          Options vest 20% each year beginning on the grant date, unless Exercise price is determined by the weighted average reported closing
                 determined otherwise by the Board at the time of grant. Options price for a board lot of the Shares on the TSX for the five days
                 usually expire after 10 years.                                  immediately before the grant date.
                                                                                 Options provide value only if the market price for the Shares
                                                                                 increases above the exercise price (Options are in-the-money).
                                                                                 Value derived from vested in-the-money Options is equal to the
                                                                                 number of vested Options exercised multiplied by the difference
                                                                                 between the market price for the Shares on the day Options are
                                                                                 exercised and the exercise price.
                                                                                 The plan allows a cashless exercise.


PSUs             PSUs vest at the end of the three year period commencing at the      PSUs are subject to a performance multiplier, expressed as a
                 beginning of the fiscal year in which the PSUs are granted, based    percentage.
                 on corporate performance.                                            Corporate performance objectives for the three-year period relate
                 All PSUs outstanding benefit from Dividend Equivalents.              to our operating performance and are set by the HRCG Committee
                                                                                      at the time of grant.
                                                                                      Value of PSUs equals the number of vested PSUs (including
                                                                                      Dividend Equivalents and taking into account any applicable
                                                                                      performance multiplier) multiplied by the weighted average trading
                                                                                      price of the Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately
                                                                                      before the valuation date.



RSUs             RSUs vest at the end of the three year period commencing at the      Value of RSUs equals the number of vested RSUs (including Dividend
                 beginning of the fiscal year in which the RSUs are granted, based    Equivalents) multiplied by the weighted average trading price of the
                 on continued employment.                                             Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately before
                 All RSUs outstanding benefit from the accrual of Dividend            valuation date.
                 Equivalents.
                 In order to increase the alignment of executives’ and
                 shareholders’ interests, executives, who are subject to the share
                 ownership requirement, can voluntarily elect to receive DSUs
                 instead of RSUs.
DSUs             DSUs (subject to the exception of Matching DSUs) vest                Value of DSUs equals the number of vested DSUs (including Dividend
                 immediately but may not be exercised until the executives’           Equivalents) multiplied by the weighted average trading price of the
                 employment with the company ceases.                                  Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately before the
                 DSUs benefit from the accrual of Dividend Equivalents.               payout date.
                 In order to increase the alignment of executives’ and
                 shareholders’ interests, executives, who are subject to the share
                 ownership requirement, can voluntarily elect to receive DSUs
                 instead of RSUs.
                 In addition, all executives of the Corporation’s global leadership
                 team can elect to defer up to 50% of their short-term incentive
                 payout into a grant of DSUs, with the Corporation matching 25%
                 of the first 50% deferrable portion of the short-term incentive
                 into additional DSUs, as described below.
Matching DSUs Matching DSUs correspond to a match at a rate of 25% of any             Same as DSUs above.
              short-term incentive award amount paid out that an eligible
              participant elects to defer and receive in the form of DSUs. This
              25%-match is applicable on up to 50% of the total deferrable
              short-term incentive amount that any eligible participant is
              entitled to.
              Subject to limited exceptions, the Matching DSUs vest over three
              years at a rate of 1/3 per anniversary year, but their settlement is
              deferred until their Termination Date (as defined in the DSUP).

Further information on the Corporation’s long-term incentive plans is included in Appendix C of this Circular.
Indirect compensation
Executives receive retirement and other benefits as part of a competitive total compensation package.
Retirement benefits include a defined contribution plan for executives in Canada and Europe, and non-qualified defined
contribution plan in the U.S., as well as a supplemental retirement benefit (see page 77 to read more about retirement benefits).
Other benefits include a company vehicle, a health cost reimbursement program (disability, group life, accident, health and travel
insurance) and financial planning as part of a competitive package to attract and retain high-performing executives.

                                                                                                                                                       68

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Executives and other regular full-time employees can also participate in our Employee Share Purchase Plan (“ESPP”). Executives can
contribute up to 10% of their annual base salary to purchase Shares and, unlike other employees, are not required to wait one year
of continuous service prior to doing so. Contributions are made by payroll deduction and the Corporation makes matching
contributions of 25% of each participant’s contribution up to a maximum of $1,250 per year. Participants receive dividends paid on
our Shares. Contributions can be made to a registered retirement savings plan ("RRSP"), a non-registered account or a tax-free
savings account ("TFSA").

Compensation Mix
We emphasize at-risk pay to motivate the executive team to execute the business plan, in line with our strategy and values, and to
create value for our shareholders over time. Total pay at risk of not being paid includes the short-term incentive as well as the long-
term incentives, namely PSUs representing 65% of awarded share units, RSUs representing 35% of awarded share units, Matching
DSUs, and 100% of awarded stock options.


                                         CEO                                        NEOs other than CEO




                                Salary (13%)                                             Salary (22%)
                                Annual short-term incentive (22%)                        Annual short-term incentive (19%)
                                Share units, excluding DSUs (32%)                        Share units, excluding DSUs (29%)
                                DSUs (18%)                                               DSUs (7%)
                                Stock options (15%)                                      Stock options (23%)




Annual Compensation Review Process on Management of Risk

Role of the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee
The HRCG Committee is responsible, to review and recommend senior executive compensation components and policies, and to
ensure that they are consistent with best practices, while also considering new compensation trends. The HRCG Committee
oversees our executive compensation program, leadership succession plans and Board succession. It also assists the Board to fulfill
its responsibilities relating to human resources, director compensation and corporate governance.
The HRCG Committee is composed of four independent directors: Jean Bernier (committee chair), Janice L. Fields, Mélanie Kau, and
Louis Têtu. Each of them is qualified and has experience in executive compensation.

                                                                Skills and experience

                                      Compensation/       Senior
                                      labour relations/   executive         Corporate         Industry
                                      human resources     leadership        governance        experience
Jean Bernier, Committee chair                 ü                     ü              ü                 ü
Janice L. Fields                              ü                     ü              ü                 ü
Mélanie Kau                                   ü                     ü              ü                 ü
Louis Têtu                                    ü                     ü              ü                 ü
None of the members of the HRCG Committee is or has been indebted towards the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries or has had
an interest in any material transaction involving the Corporation during the course of fiscal 2026.
The HRCG Committee reviews our corporate performance and relative shareholder return and evaluates individual performance
when making its decisions about executive pay for the year. It also reviews the compensation packages for the Founder and
Executive Chairman, President and CEO, and the other Executive Officers including the NEOs for the previous year and assesses
overall market competitiveness.



                                                                                                                                 69

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
The HRCG Committee makes recommendations to the Board for its review and approval, including target compensation and actual
awards and any changes to our human resources and compensation policies and programs.
Our decision-making process
We have a thorough and disciplined process for making decisions about executive compensation.



 1                          2                          3                         4                          5
 Review                     Approve                    Conduct an                Assess                     Award
 compensation               performance                ongoing                   corporate and              compensation
 program                    targets and                review of the             individual
                            objectives                 market and                performance
                                                       performance

1. Review compensation program
The HRCG Committee reviews the plan design and target compensation, consulting with its independent advisor, as needed, to
benchmark target compensation for market competitiveness and internal equity. At the same time, the HRCG Committee reviews
the compensation peer group to make sure the companies in the group are relevant and makes any necessary changes.
The HRCG Committee carries out a formal compensation review every two years and makes any recommendations about changes
to compensation policy, individual plans and the overall program to the Board for its review and approval. A formal compensation
benchmark and review was conducted in March 2026. The next formal review is scheduled for April 2028.

2. Approve performance targets and objectives for executive compensation
Based on our strategic plan and annual business plan, management sets and the HRCG Committee approves financial objectives
and performance criteria for annual and long-term incentives. The HRCG Committee also approves KRAs and individual objectives of
the NEOs, with input from the President and CEO.

3. Conduct an ongoing review of the market and performance
The Board receives regular updates from management at each regular meeting, including a discussion of risks and opportunities.

4. Assess corporate and individual performance
The Board assesses corporate performance under the annual incentive plan to determine the financial component. The HRCG
Committee assesses individual performance of the NEOs against their key result areas and approves an overall individual score for
each that is reflected in the NEOs’ annual performance bonus payout.

5. Award compensation
The HRCG Committee determines annual incentive awards and grants of long-term incentive awards. It reviews the performance
vesting conditions of the performance-based share units awards and determines the payout. It also reviews salaries and approves
any adjustments for the upcoming year within defined parameters approved by the Board.
The Board reviews the HRCG Committee’s analysis and recommendations for incentive awards and approves the awards.
The Board can use its discretion to adjust the recommended awards based on extenuating circumstances.

Role of the Compensation Consultant
The HRCG Committee has engaged Willis Towers Watson (WTW) as its independent compensation consultant since 2012.
The HRCG Committee periodically conducts a request for proposal (RFP) process to assess and select its compensation consultant.
Following the most recent review, WTW was re-appointed as the Corporation’s independent compensation consultant this year.
WTW advises the HRCG Committee on the competitiveness of the Corporation’s executive compensation program. This includes
reviewing compensation components and the design and metrics of incentive plans to ensure they remain appropriate and aligned
with market practices. Their review does not include pension, other benefits, or employment and change of control provisions.
All decisions regarding executive compensation remain the responsibility of the HRCG Committee and the Board. In determining
executive compensation for fiscal 2026, the Committee and the Board considered the advice provided by WTW.




                                                                                                                           70

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
The table below shows the fees paid to the independent consultant in the last two fiscal years.

                                                                   2026                      2025
Executive compensation-related fees                              $75,718                    $7,157
All other fees                                                        —                         —
Total                                                            $75,718                    $7,157

The external consultant conducts this review every two years and completed its last review this year in March 2026. Their review
addressed base salary, short-term and long-term-incentives, and the results were used to assess any potential gap between the
market medians and internal compensation levels.
Based on recommendation contained in the external benchmarking report delivered by Willis Towers Watson, the HRCG Committee
recommended, and the Board approved, changes to the compensation levels for some Executive Leadership Team positions. The
following changes take effect at the start of fiscal 2027:

        ▪   increases to the Long Term Incentive awards for the CEO, CFO and EVP of North America Operations;
        ▪   changes to NEOs' salary ranges based on inflation and market conditions; and
        ▪   value of the vehicle allowances were increased based on market factors.

Managing compensation related risk
We recognize that some level of risk-taking is needed to drive the entrepreneurial spirit, stay competitive and achieve the growth
our shareholders expect.
The HRCG Committee is committed to ensuring our compensation program supports our long-term growth and does not encourage
excessive risk-taking. It regularly reviews the design of our incentive plans and also makes sure we have appropriate policies in
place to encourage proper conduct and sound decision-making.
The Corporation uses, among other things, the following practices to discourage or mitigate inappropriate risk taking:
  ▪ the majority of executive compensation is variable (at-risk) and based on performance (see page 63);
  ▪ the Board approves the Corporation’s strategic plan, annual budgets, and financial and other targets, which are considered in
    the context of assessing performance and awarding incentives;
  ▪ there is an appropriate mix of pay, including fixed and performance-based compensation with short and longer-term
    performance conditions and vesting periods;
  ▪ base salaries are established to provide regular income, regardless of share price;
  ▪ annual short-term incentive awards are capped and based on the achievement of a number of financial and strategic
    performance objectives;
  ▪ long-term equity-based incentive grants, if and when granted, are approved by the Board;
  ▪ when considering the approval of bonus payout and long-term incentive grants, if any, the Board considers whether the
    anticipated costs are reasonable relative to the Corporation’s projected and actual income, and amounts are not paid under the
    Corporation’s annual incentive plans until achievement of the relevant financial results have been confirmed by audited
    financial statements of the Corporation;
  ▪ the Corporation’s performance-based long-term incentives are comprised of PSUs which fully vest after three years, and which
    pay out based on the achievement of performance criteria, ensuring that executives remain exposed to the risks of their
    decisions and vesting periods align with risk realization periods. RSUs fully vest after three years of their issuance and their
    intrinsic value lies in the long term performance of the share price, thereby aligning interests of the executives with those of the
    shareholders;
  ▪ the Corporation has implemented an Executive Share Ownership Requirement for the NEOs and other key executive officers of
    the Corporation;
  ▪ the executives may not purchase financial instruments to hedge a decrease in the market value of the Shares held for the
    purpose of the share ownership requirement;
  ▪ the Corporation has adopted an executive compensation clawback policy (the “Clawback Policy”) which allows it to require
    repayment of incentive compensation under certain circumstances (see below for additional details on this policy);
  ▪ the HRCG Committee maintains overall discretion to adjust annual incentive payouts to take into account both unexpected and
    extraordinary events;




                                                                                                                                  71

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
  ▪ employees, officers and directors and others associated with our Corporation must abide by our Ethics Code of Conduct and
    make sure to always protect Alimentation Couche-Tard’s property and assets, exercise good judgment, treat everyone with
    respect, and act ethically and responsibly in everything they do; and
  ▪ the Corporation has adopted an Insider Trading Policy, pursuant to which insiders may not trade our securities on information
    that has not yet been publicly released, or tip information to anyone outside the Corporation, consistent with securities
    legislation.

The Board and the HRCG Committee believe the Corporation’s compensation policies and practices are designed and administered
with the appropriate balance of risk and reward, do not encourage excessive risk-taking behaviour and are not reasonably likely to
have a material adverse effect on the Corporation.

Clawback
The Clawback Policy allows the Board to require the reimbursement of short-term and long-term compensation received by certain
officers and other senior management employees, if such compensation was paid in whole or in part as a result of gross negligence,
intentional misconduct, fraud, embezzlement or other serious misconduct, or in the event of a restatement of the Corporation's
financial statements resulting from material non-compliance with any applicable requirements pursuant to applicable laws, and in
circumstances where the Board determines, in its sole discretion, that such individual would not have been entitled to such
compensation had a restatement of financial statements not been required. The Clawback Policy was last amended in June 2023.
Recovery under the Clawback Policy is limited to compensation paid, granted, awarded to, or earned by, or vested in favor of any
covered officer or senior management employee in the then current fiscal year and in the immediately preceding three financial
years and may be implemented through various forms, including reimbursement, deduction from salary or future payments, grants
or awards of incentive compensation, or cancellation or forfeiture of vested or unvested grants held by the covered individual.

Benchmarking
We consider each executive role to maintain internal equity. We also benchmark our compensation against other companies to
make sure we are competitive with the market.
We use a compensation peer group made up of companies we compete with and position our total target compensation for
executives around the median of the peer group. Actual awards can be higher or lower depending on performance.
Willis Towers Watson assists the HRCG Committee by reviewing the compensation peer group to make sure it stays relevant. It
conducts research and analysis, using four criteria to select appropriate companies for the peer group:
  ▪ public companies operating in North America;
  ▪ companies in similar industries: food retail, drug retail, apparel retail, customer staples merchandise retail, computer and
    electronics retail, automobile retail and restaurants;
  ▪ companies with annual revenue ranging from USD$15 billion to USD$250 billion;
  ▪ companies with similar profitability ratio.
The compensation peer group was last reviewed in fiscal 2026 and resulted in the addition of Murphy USA Inc. to the group. As
such, our compensation peer group as at April 26, 2026 composed of the following 14 Canadian and U.S. companies:

Compensation peer group
Canada                                         United States
  ▪ Loblaw Companies Limited                     • Costco Wholesale Corporation          ▪   Best Buy Co., Inc.
  ▪ Empire Company Limited                       • The Kroger Co.                        ▪   Dollar General Corporation
  ▪ Metro Inc.                                   • Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.        ▪   Starbucks Corporation
                                                 • Target Corp.                          ▪   Dollar Tree, Inc.
                                                 • The TJX Companies, Inc.               ▪   Casey's General Stores, Inc.
                                                                                         ▪   Murphy USA Inc.




                                                                                                                            72

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
The table below shows our ranking compared to the median of Canadian companies, U.S. companies and the peer group overall.

                                                   Median statistics in relation to Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.

                                                                                                       Market
                                                      Revenue           Net income           capitalization as
                                               last fiscal year      last fiscal year        at April 24, 2026         Number of
                                                (US$ millions)        (US$ millions)            (US$ millions)         employees
 Compensation peer group                              $40,612                 $1,812                  $29,551             194,000
 Canadian companies only                              $22,447                   $740                  $14,112             129,000
 U.S. companies only                                  $41,070                 $2,876                  $35,367             267,500
 Alimentation Couche-Tard                             $72,857                 $2,592                  $51,555             145,000
 Percentile ranking                                         77                    54                       62                   38


Executive Share Ownership Requirement
 Our equity ownership requirements ensure that our executives have a stake in our future
 success and that their interests are aligned with those of our shareholders. Requirements vary                                          EXECUTIVES AS OWNERS
 by level and executives must meet their ownership requirement within five years of assuming                                             We believe our executives
 a position subject to such requirement. NEOs can count the Shares and DSUs they hold directly                                           should feel like owners and
 and indirectly toward meeting the requirement but cannot include PSUs or RSUs. We use the                                               should have a significant
 acquisition price or the market value of the holdings at the time we assess their equity                                                stake in the Corporation.
 ownership, whichever is higher, to value their ownership.

 In order to increase the alignment of executives’ and shareholders’ interests, executives can voluntarily elect to receive DSUs
 instead of RSUs. In addition, following amendments to our DSUP, NEOs and other executives are able to participate in our DSUP
 by electing to receive up to 50% of their short-term incentive award payout in DSUs instead of cash, (the “DSU Voluntary
 Election”), and the Corporation incentivizes this voluntary election by granting additional DSUs equal to 25% of the number of
 DSUs credited to the account of such executive pursuant to their DSU Voluntary Election (the “DSU Match”). The DSU Match vests
 over a period of three years (one third (1/3) per year) from the date of grant of such DSU Match. This election is designed to enable
 our executives to attain their respective shareholding levels as required under the Corporation’s Shareholding Guidelines. For
 more information about our DSUP please go to page 97 of this Circular.

The table below shows each NEO’s equity ownership as at April 26, 2026. We used the closing price on the TSX on April 24, 2026, the
last trading day of fiscal 2026, to calculate the value of the Shares ($76.74).

                                                                                                                                                          Meets share
                                                                                                         Shares and Awards owned                          ownership
                                                                                                         as at April 26, 2026                             requirements
                                                                        Equity ownership                                                                  or date by
                                                                             requirement                                                         Total    which it
                                                                                                                               DSUs(1)
                                                      2026 base salary (multiple of salary)              Common Shares                    market value    should be met
 Alain Bouchard                                              $1,470,060                 5x                       123,573,993   37,902    $9,485,976,822   Yes
 Founder and Executive Chairman
 Alex Miller                                                 $1,633,642                 5x                           45,688 101,356        $11,284,157    Yes
 President and Chief Executive Officer
 Filipe Da Silva                                                  $771,088              3x                             1,633   15,443       $1,236,644    July 2028
 Chief Financial Officer
 Louise Warner                                                    $781,306          1.5x                                  —    26,346       $2,021,792    Yes
 EVP North America Operations
 Ed Dzadovsky                                                     $698,864          1.5x                               2,107   18,312       $1,566,954    Yes
 Chief Technology Officer
(1)
      This amount includes vested DSUs only.




                                                                                                                                                                      73

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Description of Compensation paid to Named Executive Officers in 2026
Base salary
Messrs. Miller, Dzadovsky and Ms. Warner are paid in U.S. dollars and their amounts have been converted to Canadian dollars using
the annual average exchange rates for each fiscal year, 1.3806 for fiscal 2026 and 1.3937 for fiscal 2025.

                                                           2026              2025
Alain Bouchard
                                                      $1,470,060        $1,470,060
Founder and Executive Chairman
Alex Miller
                                                      $1,633,642        $1,436,310
President and Chief Executive Officer
Filipe Da Silva
                                                        $771,088          $741,347
Chief Financial Officer
Louise Warner
                                                        $781,306          $733,641
EVP North America Operations
Ed Dzadovsky
                                                        $698,864          $681,339
Chief Technology Officer


Annual short-term incentive plan
NEOs are entitled to receive short-term incentive awards for achieving or exceeding pre-determined goals derived from the annual
business plan. The HRCG Committee aligns the Corporation’s short-term incentive metrics with the Corporation’s strategic plan and
selects financial performance indicators that are part of the Corporation’s annual business plan and long-term strategic plan and
are highly correlated with value creation for Shareholders. The HRCG Committee reviewed the Corporation’s results and assessed
the President and CEO’s performance against his goals and also analyzed and discussed with the President and CEO the
performance of the other NEOs and executives of the Corporation in order to recommend their respective short-term incentive
award payments to the Board for approval.
For fiscal 2026, the NEOs’ short-term incentive was dependent at 75% upon the achievement of a company-wide financial target (net
earnings), and the remaining 25% upon the achievement of individual KRAs.
Net earnings attributable to shareholders of the Corporation of USD $3.1 billion resulted in an achievement of 116.3% of the
company-wide financial target. Since our short-term incentive program provides a sliding scale for performance achievement of our
company-wide financial target from zero to 250%, this translated to an achievement of 156%.
Regarding the individual component, the NEOs were each assigned four or five key result areas aligned with the Corporation’s
business strategy, encompassing specific operational, functional, talent management and development, and strategic planning
objectives for each NEO. Individual objectives vary by executive role and responsibilities. Individual objectives are quantitative and
qualitative and some objectives stem from our strategic planning process and extend beyond a fiscal year. All NEOs shared a
common key result area objective focusing on customer readiness in our stores. We do not disclose specific individual objectives
for competitive reasons, and disclosing them would expose the Corporation to serious prejudice and weaken our competitive
advantage. The attainment of the individual component averaged 86.40% for the NEOs. Mr. Miller, Ms. Warner and Mr. Dzadovsky
have individual KRAs tied to the Corporation's sustainability goals which accounted for 20%, 20% and 25% of the individual
component of their short-term incentive, respectively.
The following table shows their respective overall achievement of these key result areas combined:
                                         2026 overall
                                         individual
Individual component                     component
(25%)                                    achievement
Alain Bouchard
                                              83.0%
Founder and Executive Chairman
Alex Miller
                                              89.0%
President and Chief Executive Officer
Filipe Da Silva
                                              88.0%
Chief Financial Officer
Louise Warner
                                              88.0%
EVP North America Operations
Ed Dzadovsky
                                              84.0%
Chief Technology Officer
                                                           .




                                                                                                                                74

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
The short-term incentive award target, consolidated performance metrics, weighting and actual results and payout for fiscal 2026
are set out in the following table:

                                                             Corporate
                                                              financial
                                                            component                                                                       2026
                                                                                  Individual
                                         Target                                                         Actual                              Actual
                                                               (net              component
                                       incentive      x [                    +                 ] =     Payout        x     Salary(1)   =   Payout(2)
                                                             earnings)           (% achieved
                                      (% of salary)                                                  (% of salary)                           ($ or
                                                            (156% x 75%)           x 25%)
                                                                                                                                            DSUs)
                                                            (sliding scale
                                                            up to 250%)
Alain Bouchard
Founder and Executive Chairman
                                          50%         x        117.0%        +     20.75%       =      68.8750%      x    $1,470,060   = $1,012,504
Alex Miller
President and Chief Executive             125%        x        117.0%        +     22.25%       =     174.0625%      x    $1,633,642   = $2,843,558
Officer
Filipe Da Silva
Chief Financial Officer
                                          75%         x        117.0%        +     22.00%       =     104.2500%      x     $771,088    =   $803,859

Louise Warner
EVP North America Operations
                                          75%         x        117.0%        +     22.00%       =     104.2500%      x     $781,306    =   $814,512

Ed Dzadovsky
Chief Technology Officer
                                          75%         x        117.0%        +     21.00%       =     103.5000%      x     $698,864    =   $723,324

(1)
    Messrs. Miller, Dzadovsky and Ms. Warner are paid in U.S. dollars. Their amounts have been converted to Canadian dollars using the annual average
    exchange rate for the year of 1.3806.
(2)
    Ms. Warner elected to receive a portion of her short-term incentive in DSUs instead of cash.

Long-term incentive plan

Payout of the 2023 long-term incentive awards

The share unit awards granted in fiscal 2023 vested on April 27, 2025 and were paid out in late
July 2025, with a performance-based component weighted at 65% and a time-based
                                                                                                                         PAY FOR PERFORMANCE
component weighted at 35%. NEOs may elect to receive the time-based components in either
DSUs or RSUs.                                                                                                            PSU payout is based on the
                                                                                                                         achievement of performance
The overall achievement of the four performance criteria was 64% based on achieving some
                                                                                                                         objectives that are
level of payout based on the sliding scale for two out of the four performance criteria and the
                                                                                                                         established at the time of
remaining two where the minimum was not achieved. These criteria were determined at the
                                                                                                                         the award.
time of the grant and included same-store convenience gross profit dollars, same-store road
transportation fuel gross profit dollars, return on capital employed (“ROCE”), and, as in the                            The actual value of the
previous years, an ESG metric was also part of the performance measures, namely employee                                 units that vest is based on
engagement.                                                                                                              the market value of our
                                                                                                                         shares at the end of the
The price of our Shares increased from $59.17 at the time of grant to $69.18 when the Share
                                                                                                                         three-year period.
were paid out, representing a 16.9% increase over the three-year period.




                                                                                                                                                     75

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                                                    Corporate
                                                    performance     Time vested
                                                                                                            Number
                                                                    employment                                               Market
                                                    factor                                Share Unit        of
                                                                    service                                                  price
                                                [   achievement   + factor            ] = vesting         x Share        x of our      = Payout(1)      Realized
                                                                                                                                                        value
                                                    (0 to 100%)                           factor            Units
                                                                    x                                                        Shares                     as a % of
                                   Grant            x                                                       granted                                     grant
                                                                    35%
                                   date             65%                                                                                                 value
 Alain Bouchard
 Founder and Executive                                 41.6%      +        35%           =     76.6%      x    37,105    x    $69.18   = $1,966,264       90%
 Chairman                          2022/09/13
 Alex Miller
 President and Chief                                   41.6%      +        35%           =     76.6%      x    14,278    x    $69.18   = $756,618         90%
 Executive Officer                 2022/09/13
 Filipe Da Silva
 Chief Financial Officer
                             (2)
                                   2023/07/07
                                                       41.6%      +        35%           =     76.6%      x     5,428    x    $69.18   = $287,640         90%

 Louise Warner
 EVP North America                                     41.6%      +        35%           =     76.6%      x     4,254    x    $69.18   = $225,427         90%
 Operations                        2022/09/13
 Ed Dzadovsky
 Chief Technology Officer          2022/09/13
                                                       41.6%      +        35%           =     76.6%      x     3,969    x    $69.18   = $210,325         90%

(1)
    For those NEOs who elected to have share units awarded in DSUs rather than RSUs, the amount presented includes the value of those DSUs which will be paid
upon termination of employment.
(2)
    The vesting schedule of this grant, which was made following Mr. Da Silva's appointment as Chief Financial Officer on July 1, 2023, provided for the vesting of
share units in fiscal 2026.

About the 2026 long-term incentive awards
On July 28, 2025, NEOs were awarded long-term incentive awards composed of Share Units of which 65% are PSUs, and 35% are
either RSUs or DSUs at the election of each NEO. These 2026 Share Units will vest on April 30, 2028 and their valuation date will be
July 8, 2028.
The 2026 PSUs are subject to the achievement of four performance measures, each weighted 25%, specifically same-store
convenience gross profit dollars, same-store road transportation fuel gross profit dollars, ROCE, and employee engagement. The
overall score for the four measures will determine the number of 2026 PSUs that vest. We do not disclose the details of the results
compared to measures for competitive reasons.
The 2026 DSUs that some executives elected to receive instead of their RSUs vested immediately as per the DSUP but will only
become payable to the NEOs upon them ceasing to be an employee of the Corporation.
To determine the appropriate value of long-term incentive grants provided to the NEOs, the HRCG Committee considers the
practices of our peer group and external market data, as well as internal factors including executive retention, dilutive impact and
long-term value creation.
On July 28, 2025, stock options were awarded to NEOs, the executive team and certain key employees as part of the Corporation's
long-term incentive plan based on the applicable percentage of the base salary of the covered employee using the Black Scholes
valuation methodology.
The table below shows the 2026 long-term incentives awarded to the NEOs and the weighting allocation between share units and
stock options.




                                                                                                                                                            76

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                              2026 target long-
                              term incentive
                              awards (as a %       Options/PSU/RSU/DSU Options award           PSU award     RSU award      DSU award    Total award
                              of base salary)                 Target Mix        value               value         value          value          value
Alain Bouchard                                    52% Options + 31% PSUs       $3,101,820      $1,830,663        985,766            —     $5,918,249
Founder and Executive               403%           + 17% RSUs + 0% DSUs
Chairman
Alex Miller                                       23% Options + 50% PSUs       $1,949,743      $4,153,247             —     $2,245,641    $8,348,631
President and Chief                 511%           + 0% RSUs + 27% DSUs
Executive Officer
Filipe Da Silva                                   20% Options + 52% PSUs         $426,524      $1,067,329             —       $574,792    $2,068,645
                                    268%
Chief Financial Officer                            + 0% RSUs + 28% DSUs
Louise Warner                                     14% Options + 56% PSUs         $194,263        $763,951             —       $411,358    $1,369,572
EVP North America                   175%           + 0% RSUs + 30% DSUs
Operations
Ed Dzadovsky                                      20% Options + 52% PSUs         $173,184        $454,027             —       $244,535      $871,746
                                    125%
Chief Technology Officer                           + 0% RSUs + 28% DSUs
Value
The valuation method used to establish stock option grants was the Black-Scholes model, using the assumptions on page 83.
Currency exchange rate
The currency exchange rate used for purposes of establishing share awards and stock options on July 28, 2025 for Messrs. Miller, Dzadovsky and
Ms. Warner in equivalent U.S. dollars at the date of award was 1.3722.

Retirement benefits
We offer a registered pension plan for Canadian executives, non-qualified deferred compensation plans for U.S. executives and
supplemental retirement plans for Canadian and U.S. executives.
Canada
NEOs in Canada participate in the following plans:
Registered pension plan (funded according to applicable legislation in Canada)
  ▪ Canadian registered pension plan (RPP)
Supplemental retirement plans (unfunded plans)
  ▪ Canadian supplemental retirement program (basic DB SERP)
  ▪ Canadian enhanced supplemental retirement program (enhanced DB SERP)
  ▪ Defined contribution supplemental executive retirement program (DC SERP)
RPP DB component, basic DB SERP and enhanced DB SERP
The RPP comprises a defined benefit (DB) component and a defined contribution (DC) component. At the end of fiscal 2016, we
modified our defined benefit plans for executives in Canada to freeze accruals and replaced them with defined contribution
benefits.
The DB component of the RPP, in conjunction with the basic DB SERP or the enhanced DB SERP, as applicable, provide an annual
retirement income equal to 2% per year of credited service, multiplied by the final average salary of the executive’s three best years
(and 50% of the annual incentive, the incentive being limited to 100% of base salary, for credited service in the enhanced DB SERP),
with no offset for any payment from the Canada and Québec pension plans. The normal retirement age is 65, however participants
can retire early with an un-reduced pension from age 62 (age 60 for credited service in the enhanced DB SERP) and with a reduced
pension from age 55. The normal form of pension under the RPP is a 67% joint and survivor annuity with a five-year guarantee.
The normal form of pension under the basic DB SERP is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for five years.
The normal form of pension under the enhanced DB SERP is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for the first five years and a 50% joint
and survivor annuity for the following five years; there is no death benefit after 10 years.
RPP DC component and DC SERP
The Corporation contributes an amount equal to 12% of the executive’s base salary to the DC component of the RPP up to the limit
imposed by legislation, and the excess amount on a notional basis to the DC SERP.
Benefits under the DC component of the RPP are payable as a tax-sheltered transfer to an eligible retirement vehicle. Benefits
under the DC SERP are paid as a lump sum or in annual installments of up to five years.
Who participates
Mr. Bouchard participates in the DB component of the RPP and the enhanced DB SERP. He commenced receipt of his monthly
benefits in fiscal 2021 under both plans, per the statutory requirements.
Mr. Da Silva participates in the DC component of the RPP and the DC SERP.



                                                                                                                                                  77

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
United States
NEOs in the U.S. participate in the following legacy and current plans:
  ▪ U.S. supplemental defined benefit retirement program (U.S. DB SERP)
  ▪ Non-qualified deferred compensation plan (legacy non-qualified plan)
  ▪ Non-qualified deferred compensation plan that was established in fiscal 2017 (new non-qualified plan)
At the end of fiscal 2016, the Company froze benefit accruals under the U.S. DB SERP and discontinued new participation in both the
U.S. DB SERP and the legacy non-qualified deferred compensation plan. These plans remain in place for existing balances or
accrued benefits, but are no longer open to new participants. The new non-qualified plan is the only plan currently open for
participation by eligible NEOs.
U.S. DB SERP
The U.S. DB SERP is an unfunded, non-qualified defined benefit plan that provides an annual retirement income equal to 2% per
year of credited service, multiplied by the final average base salary of the executive’s three best years, offset by the value of
company matching contributions made to the non-qualified plan during the same period of credited service, and with no offset for
social security benefits. The normal retirement age is 65, however executives can retire early with an unreduced pension from age
62 and with a reduced pension from age 55. Upon termination of employment before age 55, the vested accrued pension is payable
from age 65.
The normal form of pension under the U.S. DB SERP is a lifetime annuity guaranteed for five years.
Non-qualified plan and new non-qualified plan
Under the non-qualified plan and the new non-qualified plan, participants can defer up to 25% of their base salary and up to 100%
of their pre-tax annual incentive. The Corporation makes a matching contribution to the non-qualified plan equal to 100% of
employee deferrals to this plan, up to 7% of their base salary.
Under the new non-qualified plan, contributions of 8% of base salary are made by the Corporation as of the date the participant
was appointed to an executive position. Executives who were participating in the U.S. DB SERP and in the non-qualified plan at the
time these plans were frozen receive a contribution that is greater than 8% and that varies by individual. Mr. Miller is one of such
individuals, and his annual contribution rate from the Corporation is 20.8%.
Participants choose to have their contributions deposited in a retirement account or an in-service account or allocated between the
two. Company contributions are deposited in retirement accounts.
Participants choose to notionally invest their contributions and those of the Corporation from a range of options provided under
the plans. The investment funds provided under the plans are selected by the Corporation, and the Corporation may elect to
change them from time to time, at the discretion of the plan administrator. Participants may alter their investment fund choices up
to six times per year.
Retirement accounts allow income to be paid as a lump sum or in annual installments for up to ten years when the participant
retires, and as a lump sum when employment is terminated before retirement. In-service accounts also have these features, and
also allow participants to access the income five years after deferral.
The plans are not funded; however, the Corporation sets aside assets in a rabbi trust and attempts to mirror the participants’
hypothetical earnings in these plans.
Who participates
Mr. Miller participated in the U.S. DB SERP and the non-qualified plan plan to the end of fiscal 2016 when these plans were frozen.
He currently participates in the new non-qualified plan, as do Mr. Dzadovsky, and Ms. Warner.
Pension benefits table – defined benefit plans
The table below sets out the pension benefits earned by each NEO as at the end of fiscal 2026 under the Corporation’s defined
benefit pension plans. The present values of defined benefit obligations at the beginning and end of the fiscal year are based on the




                                                                                                                               78

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
same actuarial assumptions and methods used in our audited financial statements to determine our obligations under the DB
retirement plans at these dates.
                                                                                                       Opening
                                                                                                        present
                                                                         Annual benefits payable        value of                                 Closing present
                             Number of years
                              credited service             At year end                 At age 65        defined                            Non- value of defined
                                                                                                         benefit   Compensatory     compensatory          benefit
                              RPP       SERP        RPP           SERP         RPP         SERP       obligation        change           change        obligation
Alain Bouchard
Founder and                  14.17      35.00    $67,831    $1,468,236     $67,831    $1,468,236     $25,422,677                —       ($605,000)      $24,817,677
Executive Chairman
Alex Miller
President and Chief            n/a       3.50        n/a      $70,742           n/a      $70,742       $772,382          $108,930        ($12,258)        $869,054
Executive Officer

Annual benefits payable                                                                  The normal form of pension for Mr. Miller is an annuity guaranteed for 5
The annual benefit is the lifetime pension payable at the normal                         years.
retirement age of 65 based on the final average base salary of the                       Compensatory change
executive’s three best years as at April 26, 2026 (increased for service in
                                                                                         The compensatory change is the value of the impact on the obligation of
the enhanced SERP by the lesser of 50% of the actual bonus paid and 50%
                                                                                         the difference between actual earnings and those estimated, as well as the
of the base salary) and based on years of credited service at year end or as
                                                                                         impact of any plan changes.
of age 65. Mr. Bouchard began receiving his monthly benefits under the
RPP and enhanced DB SERP effective October 1, 2020; the amounts shown                    Non-compensatory change
are those actually in payment as of April 26, 2026.                                      The non-compensatory change is the value of items other than
The annual benefits shown for Mr. Miller are net of the equivalent pension               compensatory, such as interest on the accrued obligation at the start of
provided from company matching contributions to the non-qualified                        the fiscal year, changes in assumptions, change in exchange rates and
deferred compensation plan that were made after the SERP entry date.                     other experience gains and losses for fiscal 2026. In the case of Mr.
                                                                                         Bouchard, it also reflects the reduction in value corresponding to the
Mr. Bouchard’s payments under the RPP and enhanced DB SERP include a
                                                                                         benefits paid to him in the fiscal year.
66% joint and survivor benefit with a 5-year guarantee. The payments are
indexed annually to inflation (limited to 2% per annum in the case of the
enhanced DB SERP).

Pension benefits table – defined contribution plan and deferred compensation plans
The following table shows the benefits earned by each NEO as at the end of fiscal 2026 under the Corporation’s defined contribution
pension plans and its U.S. deferred compensation plans.
Amounts for Mr. Da Silva relate to his participation in the DC component of the RPP and the DC SERP.
Amounts for Mr. Miller, Mr. Dzadovsky, and Ms. Warner relate to their participation in the U.S. non-qualified deferred compensation
plans.
                                     Accumulated value at start
                                                                         Compensatory change       Non-compensatory change      Accumulated value at year end
                                                 of fiscal year
   Alex Miller
   President and Chief                               $5,481,746                       $339,521                     $1,674,627                        $7,495,894
   Executive Officer
   Filipe Da Silva
                                                      $204,263                         $92,472                       $56,712                          $353,447
   Chief Financial Officer
   Louise Warner
   EVP North America                                  $246,531                         $62,454                       $30,010                          $338,995
   Operations
   Ed Dzadovsky
                                                     $1,193,928                        $55,885                      $237,395                         $1,487,208
   Chief Technology Officer
Compensatory change                                                                      Non-compensatory change
The compensatory change is the value of company contributions made                       Non-compensatory amounts include employee contributions, where
in fiscal 2026.                                                                          applicable, and investment returns, net of distributions, as well as the
                                                                                         effect of changes in exchange rates.

Termination and Change of Control Benefit

We do not have employment agreements with our NEOs. The terms of employment and any entitlements are set out in the
offer of employment each executive received at the time of hire or promotion. The offer letter includes a description of the role,
salary, benefits and vacation, as well as the terms of participating in our incentive plans. If an NEO’s employment is terminated,
his or her entitlements are according to the laws of the jurisdiction where they reside, and the terms of the incentive plan




                                                                                                                                                            79

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
documents. Upon his appointment to President and Chief Executive Officer on September 6, 2024, Mr. Miller signed a
restrictive covenant agreement, which included a non-compete provision.
Each NEO is subject to non-solicitation and confidentiality provisions to protect the interests of Alimentation Couche-Tard.
Effective April 28, 2026, on the recommendation of the HRCG Committee, the Board approved amendments to the
Corporation’s Share Unit Plan related to changes in control for PSU and RSU grants made on or after that date. The
amendments introduce a double-trigger requirement for employment termination following a change in control. See
Appendix C for vesting terms and additional details about the Share Unit Plan.
The following table shows how each compensation component is treated if employment is terminated.
                                                                     Termination      Termination
            Resignation               Retirement                     with cause       without cause                Change in control
Salary      None                      None                           None             As required by law           As required by law
(severance)
Annual      Forfeited                 Prorated for the time          Forfeited        Forfeited                    Prorated for the time
incentive                             worked in the fiscal year to                                                 worked in the fiscal year to
                                      the retirement date.                                                         the termination date.

PSUs        Forfeited and cancelled   PSUs remain in effect and      All PSUs are     PSUs remain in effect and    For grants made on or
                                      are payable at the             cancelled.       are payable at the           after April 28, 2026,
                                      end of the three-year                           end of the three-year        outstanding PSUs may, as
                                      term if performance                             term if performance          applicable, be substituted
                                                                                                                   by awards of the surviving/
                                      conditions are                                  conditions are
                                                                                                                   successor corporation on
                                      met, pro-rated                                  met, prorated
                                                                                                                   the same terms as the
                                      to the time actively                            to the time actively         original PSUs. If within 12
                                      employed during the                             employed during the          months following a change
                                      Performance Period.                             Performance Period.          of control, a participant’s
                                                                                                                   employment is terminated
                                                                                                                   without cause, or the
                                                                                                                   participant resigns for
                                                                                                                   good reason, then, the
                                                                                                                   vesting of all PSUs is
                                                                                                                   accelerated, with the
                                                                                                                   vesting percentage to be
                                                                                                                   prorated to the
                                                                                                                   achievement of
                                                                                                                   performance measures up
                                                                                                                   to the separation date.
                                                                                                                   For grants made before
                                                                                                                   April 28, 2026, PSUs vest
                                                                                                                   immediately at no less than
                                                                                                                   100% and paid out within 5
                                                                                                                   days following termination
                                                                                                                   due to a change of control.
RSUs        Forfeited and cancelled   Outstanding RSUs vest          All RSUs are     Outstanding RSUs vest        For grants made on or
                                      early and are prorated and     cancelled.       early and are prorated and   after April 28, 2026,
                                      paid within 30 days from                        paid within 30 days from     outstanding RSUs may, as
                                      the retirement date.                            the termination date.        applicable, be substituted
                                                                                                                   by awards of the surviving/
                                                                                                                   successor corporation on
                                                                                                                   the same terms as the
                                                                                                                   original RSUs. If within 12
                                                                                                                   months following a change
                                                                                                                   of control, a participant’s
                                                                                                                   employment is terminated
                                                                                                                   without cause, or the
                                                                                                                   participant resigns for
                                                                                                                   good reason, then, the
                                                                                                                   vesting of all RSUs is
                                                                                                                   accelerated.

                                                                                                                   For grants made before
                                                                                                                   April 28, 2026, RSUs vest
                                                                                                                   immediately and are paid
                                                                                                                   out within 5 days following
                                                                                                                   the termination due to a
                                                                                                                   change of control.




                                                                                                                                         80

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                                                                           Termination                     Termination
           Resignation                     Retirement                      with cause                      without cause                   Change in control
DSUs       Vested DSUs become              Vested DSUs become           All DSUs are                       Vested DSUs become              The Board has discretion to
           payable upon the earlier        payable upon the earlier     cancelled.                         payable upon the earlier        make such provision for
           of a delivery by the            of a delivery by the                                            of a delivery by the            the protection of the rights
           Participant of a redemption     Participant of a redemption                                     Participant of a redemption     of the participants as it
           notice or December 1 of         notice or December 1 of                                         notice or December 1 of         considers appropriate in
           the first calendar year         the first calendar year                                         the first calendar year         the circumstances.
           following the termination       following the termination                                       following the termination
           date and in the case of a       date and in the case of a                                       date and in the case of a
           U.S. Participant, on the        U.S. Participant, on the                                        U.S. Participant, on the
           Distribution Date, meaning      Distribution Date, meaning                                      Distribution Date, meaning
           the earlier of the date that    the earlier of the date that                                    the earlier of the date that
           is six months and one day       is six months and one day                                       is six months and one day
           following the Termination       following the Termination                                       following the Termination
           Date, and the 30th day          Date, and the 30th day                                          Date, and the 30th day
           following the date of death     following the date of death                                     following the date of death
           of a Participant.               of a Participant.                                               of a Participant.
Matching   Unvested                        Unvested Matching DSUs       All Matching DSUs are              Unvested Matching DSUs          The Board has discretion to
DSUs       Matching DSUs                   will be forfeited and        cancelled.                         will be forfeited and           make such provision for
           are forfeited and cancelled.    cancelled at the time of the                                    cancelled at the time of the    the protection of the rights
           Vested Matching                 Redemption Date for any                                         Redemption Date for any         of the participants as it
                                           U.S. Eligible Employee, or                                      U.S. Eligible Employee, or      considers appropriate in
           DSUs are payable
                                           at the time of the filing of                                    at the time of the filing of    the circumstances.
           as DSUs (see
                                           his or her final Redemption                                     his or her final Redemption
           above).                         Notice for any other                                            Notice for any other
                                           Eligible Employee.                                              Eligible Employee.
Options    Vested Options                  Options must be             All Options are                     Vested Options must             The Board has discretion to
           must be exercised               exercised before the        cancelled.                          be exercised within             make such provision for
           within 90 days.                 earlier of (i) expiry of                                        90 days.                        the protection of the rights
           Unvested Options                the Options, or (ii) the                                        Unvested Options are            of the participants as it
                                                                                                                                           considers appropriate in
           are cancelled.                  fourth anniversary of                                           Cancelled.
                                                                                                                                           the circumstances.
                                           the retirement date.
                                           Unvested Options shall
                                           continue to vest during two
                                           years after the retirement
                                           date.
Pension    No additional value             No additional value             No additional value             No additional value             No additional value
ESPP       Shares can be sold or           Shares can be sold or           Shares can be sold or           Shares can be sold or           Shares can be sold or
Shares     transferred to a brokerage      transferred to a brokerage      transferred to a brokerage      transferred to a brokerage      transferred to a brokerage
           account (including an RRSP      account nt (including an        account (including an RRSP      account (including an RRSP      account (including an RRSP
           or TFSA) or a share             RRSP or TFSA) or a share        or TFSA) or a share             or TFSA) or a share             or TFSA) or a share
           certificate will be issued up   certificate will be issued up   certificate will be issued up   certificate will be issued up   certificate will be issued up
           until six months after the      until six months after the      until six months after the      until six months after the      until six months after the
           resignation date.               retirement date.                termination date.               termination date.               termination date.
Benefits   End on resignation              Continue as specified in the End on termination                 End on termination              End on termination
                                           executive’s offer letter




                                                                                                                                                                  81

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
The following table summarizes the incremental payments which would be owed to each NEO in the event of a voluntary
resignation, retirement, termination with cause, termination without cause or following a change of control of the
Corporation, assuming a termination date of April 26, 2026.
                                                                                                    Termination              Termination
                                                  Resignation(1)           Retirement (2)            with cause           without cause(3)     Change of control(4)
Alain Bouchard
Founder and Executive
Chairman
Cash severance                                               —                        —                       —                        —                        —
Annual incentive                     (5)
                                                             —               $1,012,504                       —                        —               $1,012,504
Share Units                                         $2,908,636               $3,238,774                       —               $3,238,774               $9,768,017
Stock options                                      $22,410,312              $22,410,312                       —              $22,410,312              $22,410,312
TOTAL                                              $25,318,949              $26,661,590                       —              $25,649,086              $33,190,834
Alex Miller
President and Chief Executive
Officer
Cash severance                                               —                        —                       —                        —                        —
Annual incentive                     (5)
                                                             —               $2,843,558                       —                        —               $2,843,558
Share Units                                         $7,778,065               $7,778,065                       —               $7,778,065              $17,970,262
Stock options                                       $1,555,329               $1,555,329                       —               $1,555,329               $1,555,329
TOTAL                                               $9,333,394              $12,176,952                       —               $9,333,394              $22,369,148
Filipe Da Silva
Chief Financial Officer
Cash severance                                               —                        —                       —                        —                        —
                                     (5)
Annual incentive                                             —                 $803,859                       —                        —                 $803,859
Share Units                                         $1,185,085               $1,791,740                       —               $1,791,740               $5,026,025
Stock options                                          $68,219                  $68,219                       —                  $68,219                  $68,219
TOTAL                                               $1,253,303               $2,663,818                       —               $1,859,959               $5,898,103
Louise Warner
EVP North America Operations

Cash severance                                               —                        —                       —                        —                        —
                                     (5)
Annual incentive                                             —                 $814,512                       —                        —                 $814,512
Share Units                                         $2,021,800               $2,021,800                       —               $2,021,800               $4,075,366
Stock options                                         $432,912                 $432,912                       —                 $432,912                 $432,912
TOTAL                                               $2,454,712               $3,269,224                       —               $2,454,712               $5,322,790
Ed Dzadovsky
Chief Technology Officer
Cash severance                                               —                        —                       —                        —                        —
                                     (5)
Annual incentive                                             —                 $723,324                       —                        —                 $723,324
Share Units                                         $1,405,276               $1,405,276                       —               $1,405,276               $2,769,492
Stock options                                         $155,237                 $155,237                       —                 $155,237                 $155,237
TOTAL                                               $1,560,513               $2,283,837                       —               $1,560,513               $3,648,053
 (1)
       Assumes payment of all vested DSUs and stock options valued as of April 26, 2026. All other Share Units are forfeited and cancelled. The vested stock
       options do not represent an incremental grant.
 (2)
       Assumes payment of all vested DSUs, vested stock options, and all vested RSUs pro-rated to the lifespan of each respective award valued as of
       April 26, 2026. The stock options continue to vest for a period of two years following the date of retirement. The vested stock options do not represent an
       incremental grant. PSUs remain in effect and are payable at the end of the three-year term if performance conditions are met, pro-rated to the amount of
       time actively employed during the Performance Period.
 (3)
       Assumes payment of all vested DSUs, vested stock options, and all vested RSUs pro-rated to the lifespan of each respective award valued as of
       April 26, 2026. The vested stock options do not represent an incremental grant. PSUs remain in effect and are payable at the end of the three-year term if
       performance conditions are met, pro-rated to the amount of time actively employed during the Performance Period.
 (4)
       Assumes the immediate vesting and payment of all DSUs, PSUs and RSUs. PSUs are valued at 100%. Also assumes that the Board uses its discretion and
       determines that all vested stock options shall be paid immediately as of April 26, 2026. The vested stock options do not represent an incremental grant.
 (5)
       Subject to applicable law.




                                                                                                                                                           82

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Key Compensation Tables
Summary compensation table
The table below shows the total compensation awarded to each NEO for the fiscal years ended April 26, 2026, April 27, 2025, and
April 28, 2024.

                                                                                     Non-equity incentive plan
                                                                                              compensation(4)
                                                                                         Annual    Long-term
                              Fiscal                  Share-based Option-based         incentive    incentive       Pension        All other             Total
                               year       Salary(1)      awards(2)    awards(3)            plan          plan        value(5) compensation(6)     compensation
 Alain Bouchard               2026      $1,470,060     $2,816,429     $3,101,820     $1,012,504             —             —                   —       $8,400,813
 Founder and Executive        2025      $1,470,060     $2,814,600     $3,101,820       $165,382             —             —                   —       $7,551,862
 Chairman                     2024      $1,470,060     $2,827,547     $3,101,825       $275,636             —             —                   —       $7,675,068
 Alex Miller                  2026      $1,633,642     $6,398,888     $1,949,743     $2,843,558             —      $448,451           $218,380      $13,492,662
 President and Chief          2025      $1,436,310     $6,163,555     $1,555,813       $222,935             —      $510,901           $120,991      $10,010,505
 Executive Officer            2024      $1,080,160     $2,268,274         $598,643     $291,238             —      $293,472           $112,563        $4,644,350
                              2026       $771,088      $1,642,121         $426,524     $803,859             —       $92,472             $85,259       $3,821,323
 Filipe Da Silva
                              2025       $741,347      $1,587,095         $412,486     $115,372             —       $88,846                   —       $2,945,146
 Chief Financial Officer
                              2024       $691,621      $1,482,484         $436,943     $201,002             —       $82,246                   —       $2,894,296

 Louise Warner                2026       $781,306      $1,175,309         $194,263     $814,512             —       $62,454             $92,075       $3,119,919
 EVP North America            2025       $733,641      $1,186,047         $203,892      $63,277             —       $58,476                   —       $2,245,333
 Operations                   2024              —                 —             —             —             —             —                   —                —
                              2026       $698,864        $698,562         $173,184     $723,324             —       $55,885             $92,972       $2,442,791
 Ed Dzadovsky
                              2025       $681,339        $687,767         $170,773      $94,536             —       $54,359             $86,823       $1,775,597
 Chief Technology Officer
                              2024              —                 —             —             —             —             —                   —                —
(1)                                                                                    (4)
   Salary                                                                                 Non-equity incentive plan compensation
Salaries for Messrs. Miller, Dzadovsky and Ms. Warner are paid in U.S.                 Short-term incentive
dollars. Amounts were converted to Canadian dollars for reporting                      Messrs. Miller, Dzadovsky and Ms. Warner receive their annual incentive
purposes using the following annual average exchange rates for each                    in U.S. dollars. Amounts were converted to Canadian dollars using the
fiscal year: 1.3806 for fiscal 2026, 1.3937 for fiscal 2025, and 1.3502 for            following annual average exchange rates for each fiscal year: 1.3806 for
fiscal 2024.                                                                           fiscal 2026, 1.3937 for fiscal 2025, and 1.3502 for fiscal 2024.
(2)
  Share-based awards                                                                   (5)
                                                                                         Pension value
Amounts are the fair value of the long-term incentive awards on the grant              The fiscal 2025 pension values were inadvertently omitted from this table
date, calculated using the weighted average price of the Shares on the TSX             in the prior year's Management Information Circular but were correctly
for the five days prior to the grant. The number of Share Units awarded as             disclosed in the pension section. The fiscal 2025 omitted values have
well as the share price for each grant are expressed on a post-Share Split             been included above.
basis. The amount the executive actually receives may be different. See                (6)
                                                                                         All other compensation
Appendix C to read about vesting and other details about our Share Unit
                                                                                       All other compensation represents perquisites and other personal
Plan.
                                                                                       benefits which in the aggregate amount to $50,000 or more or are
Included for Mr . Miller are amounts for Matching DSUs granted in fiscal
                                                                                       equivalent to 10% or more of a NEO’s total salary for the applicable fiscal
2026, with respect to his election to receive a portion of his fiscal 2025
                                                                                       year. In the current year, perquisites that exceed 25% for the total value of
bonus in DSUs with the Corporation matching up to 25%.
                                                                                       perquisites include vehicle allowances for Mr. Miller of $80,337;
(3)
  Option-based awards                                                                  Mr. Da Silva of $28,729; Mr. Dzadovsky of $56,701; and Ms. Warner of
Amounts are the fair value of the stock option awards on the grant date,               $58,341.
calculated using the Black-Scholes model and the weighted average
                                                                                       Additionally, in the current year, other compensation includes a one-time
assumptions in the table below. The benefit the executive actually earned
                                                                                       discretionary cash payment in connection with a valuation differential due
may be different and could even be zero. See page 85 to read about                     to the impact of a self-imposed corporate blackout on the PSU payout
vesting and other details of our Stock Incentive Plan.                                 made in fiscal 2026, for Mr. Miller of $103,966; Mr. Da Silva of $39,084;
 Date of grant              Expected     Expected     Risk-free   Expected             Mr. Dzadovsky of $28,901; and Ms. Warner of $30,975.
                            dividend     volatility   interest    life
                            per share                 rate        (years)

 July 28, 2025                $0.78        25.25%       3.38%         8
 March 28, 2025               $0.78        25.25%       2.96%         8
 May 1, 2024                  $0.70        24.82%       3.83%         8
 September 18, 2023           $0.56        25.19%       3.85%         8
 May 1, 2023                  $0.56        25.51%       2.84%         8




                                                                                                                                                            83

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Outstanding share-based awards and option-based awards
The table below includes details about the share units and stock option awards held by each NEO as of April 26, 2026.

                                              Option-based awards(1)                                        Share-based awards(2)

                                                                                                              Number of         Market or     Market or
                                                                                                                             payout value   payout value
                                                                                                                Shares or
                                                Number of                                       Value of                        of share-      of vested
                                                 securities                                  unexercised          units of         based    share-based
                                                underlying       Option           Option          in-the-     Shares that     awards that    awards not
                                               unexercised      exercise       expiration         money          have not        have not    paid out or
                  Grant date                       options         price             date        options           vested          vested    distributed
Alain Bouchard     July 28, 2025                   133,469       $76.00      July 28, 2035       $19,753          36,874      $2,829,704             —
Founder and        July 8, 2024         (3)
                                                        —              —               —              —           23,735      $1,844,485     $1,130,569
Executive
Chairman           May 1, 2024                     122,167       $77.21       May 1, 2034             —                —              —              —
                   July 7, 2023         (4)
                                                        —              —               —              —           28,475      $2,185,192     $1,778,067
                   May 1, 2023                     144,394       $67.15       May 1, 2033      $830,839                —              —              —
                   April 27, 2022                  170,278       $56.89     April 27, 2032    $2,704,007               —              —              —
                   May 12, 2021         (5)
                                                   130,266       $41.98     May 12, 2031      $4,528,046               —              —              —
                   July 9, 2020                     67,901       $43.30       July 9, 2030    $2,270,609               —              —              —
                   July 17, 2019                    99,676       $42.18      July 17, 2029    $3,444,803               —              —              —
                   July 18, 2018                    95,056       $30.93      July 18, 2028    $4,354,515               —              —              —
                   July 20, 2017                    92,978       $30.70      July 19, 2027    $4,280,707               —              —              —
Alex Miller        July 28, 2025        (7)
                                                    83,896       $76.00      July 28, 2035       $12,416          54,736      $4,200,448     $2,357,596
President and      March 28, 2025                   43,159       $70.20    March 28, 2035      $112,900           35,243      $2,704,578     $1,456,257
Chief Executive                         (3)
                   July 8, 2024                         —              —               —              —           20,551      $1,577,089       $995,933
Officer
                   May 1, 2024                      24,577       $77.21       May 1, 2034             —                —              —              —
                   July 7, 2023                         —              —               —              —           22,284      $1,710,081       $920,892
                   May 1, 2023                      27,867       $67.15       May 1, 2033      $160,335                —              —              —
                   September 13, 2022 (6)               —              —               —              —                —              —      $1,278,424
                   April 27, 2022                   27,485       $56.89     April 27, 2032     $436,462                —              —              —
                   July 9, 2021                         —              —               —              —                —              —        $379,139
                   May 12, 2021                      3,966       $41.98     May 12, 2031       $137,858                —              —              —
                   July 9, 2020                      3,572       $43.30       July 9, 2030     $119,448                —              —        $389,824
                   July 17, 2019                     4,084       $42.18      July 17, 2029     $141,143                —              —              —
                   July 18, 2018                     6,090       $30.93      July 18, 2028     $278,983                —              —              —
                   July 20, 2017                     3,484       $30.70      July 19, 2027     $160,403                —              —              —
Filipe Da Silva    July 28, 2025                    18,353       $76.00      July 28, 2035        $2,716          13,974      $1,072,359       $577,502
Chief Financial    July 8, 2024         (3)
                                                        —              —               —              —           13,494      $1,035,495       $607,583
Officer
                   May 1, 2024                      16,246       $77.21       May 1, 2034             —                —              —              —
                   September 18, 2023               11,723       $73.18       May 1, 2033        $25,037               —              —              —
                   July 7, 2023                         —              —               —              —           22,584      $1,733,086             —
                   May 1, 2023                       7,564       $67.15       May 1, 2033        $43,519               —              —              —




                                                                                                                                                  84

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
                                                    Option-based awards(1)                                         Share-based awards(2)

                                                                                                                     Number of         Market or     Market or
                                                                                                                                    payout value   payout value
                                                                                                                       Shares or
                                                      Number of                                        Value of                        of share-      of vested
                                                       securities                                   unexercised          units of         based    share-based
                                                      underlying       Option             Option         in-the-     Shares that     awards that    awards not
                                                     unexercised      exercise         expiration        money          have not        have not    paid out or
                       Grant date                        options         price               date       options           vested          vested    distributed
 Louise Warner     July 28, 2025                           8,359        $76.00      July 28, 2035        $1,237           10,002       $767,552       $413,297
 EVP North America
                   March 28, 2025                          1,534        $70.20    March 28, 2035         $4,009            4,665       $357,993       $192,730
 Operations
                   July 8, 2024               (3)
                                                              —              —                —              —             5,834       $447,693       $256,685
                        May 1, 2024                        6,726        $77.21       May 1, 2034             —                —              —               —
                        July 7, 2023          (4)
                                                              —              —                —              —             6,259       $480,328       $327,202
                        May 1, 2023                        7,392        $67.15       May 1, 2033        $42,522               —              —               —
                        September 13, 2022    (6)
                                                              —              —                —              —                —              —        $337,827
                        April 27, 2022                     7,808        $56.89     April 27, 2032     $123,983                —              —               —
                        July 9, 2021                          —              —                —              —                —              —        $244,821
                        May 12, 2021                       4,642        $41.98      May 12, 2031      $161,356                —              —               —
                        January 27, 2021                   2,615        $38.09   January 27, 2031     $101,070                —              —        $249,239
 Ed Dzadovsky           July 28, 2025                      7,452        $76.00      July 28, 2035        $1,103            5,944       $456,167       $245,688
 Chief Technology       July 8, 2024          (3)
                                                              —              —                —              —             5,893       $452,228       $286,317
 Officer
                        May 1, 2024                        6,726        $77.21       May 1, 2034             —                —              —               —
                                              (4)
                        July 7, 2023                          —              —                —              —             5,940       $455,821       $411,393
                        May 1, 2023                        6,899        $67.15       May 1, 2033        $39,693               —              —               —
                        September 13, 2022 (6)                —              —                —              —                —              —        $362,201
                        April 27, 2022                     7,287        $56.89     April 27, 2032     $115,706                —              —               —
                        July 9, 2021                          —              —                —              —                —              —         $99,676
(1)
  Option-based awards                                                                  (5)
                                                                                         Mr. Bouchard was granted 67,901 options on July 9, 2020, representing
Class A Shares and Class B Shares were split two-for-one on                            200% instead of 286% of his annual base salary. As a result, on May 12,
September 20, 2019. The number of outstanding options and the exercise                 2021 Mr. Bouchard was granted an additional 30,115 options at an
price were adjusted accordingly. This is reflected in the number of                    exercise price of $41.98 to reach his target of 286%.
securities underlying unexercised options.                                             (6)
                                                                                         This amount includes the election Messrs. Miller, Dzadovsky, and Ms.
The option exercise price is the weighted average closing price of the                 Warner made to receive a portion of their fiscal 2022 bonus in DSUs with
Shares on the TSX for the five trading days immediately before the grant               the Corporation matching up to 25%.
date.                                                                                  (7)
                                                                                          This amount includes the election Mr. Miller made to receive a portion
Options vest 20% each year beginning on the grant date and expire on the               of his fiscal 2025 bonus in DSUs with the Corporation matching up to 25%.
10th anniversary of the grant date.
The value of unexercised in-the-money options is the difference between
the closing price of our Shares on the TSX on April 24, 2026, the last
trading day of fiscal 2026 ($76.74) and the exercise price of the option.
Options only have value if our share price is higher than the exercise price.
(2)
  Share-based awards
Share units were granted in fiscal 2024, 2025 and 2026 under our Share
Unit Plan and will vest at the end of a three-year period in fiscal 2026, 2027
and 2028.
Share Units consist of unvested PSUs and RSUs, and include PSUs or RSUs
issued as Dividend Equivalents earned annually. Share Units may also
consist of Unvested Matching DSUs.
Share units are composed at 65% of PSUs and at 35% of either RSUs or
DSUs at the election of the NEO. Their value is determined by multiplying
the number of vested share units held as at April 26, 2026 by the closing
price of our Shares on the TSX on April 24, 2026, the last trading day of
fiscal 2026 ($76.74).
(3)
  This amount includes the election Messrs. Bouchard, Miller, Da Silva,
Dzadovsky and Ms. Warner, made to receive a portion of their fiscal 2024
bonus in DSUs with the Corporation matching up to 25%.
(4)
  This amount includes the election Messrs. Bouchard, Dzadovsky, and
Ms. Warner made to receive a portion of their fiscal 2023 bonus in DSUs
with the Corporation matching up to 25%.




                                                                                                                                                         85

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Incentive plan awards – value vested or earned during the fiscal year
The table below shows the total value that each NEO would have realized if their option-based awards had been exercised on the
vesting date and paid out in fiscal 2026, their share-based awards that had vested and were paid out in fiscal 2026, and their non-
equity incentive plan compensation which was earned during the fiscal 2026 year.

                                                                                                                                             Non-equity incentive plan
                                                      Option-based awards(1) – value                   Share-based awards(2) –           compensation(3) – value earned
                                                        vested during the fiscal year        value vested during the fiscal year                        during the year
 Alain Bouchard
                                                                             $790,330                                   $1,966,264                            $1,012,504
 Founder and Executive Chairman
 Alex Miller
                                                                                 $78,149                                $3,002,259                            $2,843,558
 President and Chief Executive Officer
 Filipe Da Silva
                                                                                  $3,828                                 $862,432                               $803,859
 Chief Financial Officer
 Louise Warner
                                                                                 $31,593                                 $636,785                               $814,512
 EVP North America Operations
 Ed Dzadovsky
                                                                                  $3,491                                 $454,860                               $723,324
 Chief Technology Officer

  Option-based awards
(1)                                                                                        average price of the Shares on the TSX for the five days prior to the grant
                                                                                           date. Additionally, the amount presented in the table includes the election
The value of stock options that vested in fiscal 2026 was determined by
                                                                                           an NEO would have made to receive a portion of their bonus in DSUs.
multiplying the number of options that vested by the difference between
                                                                                           (3)
the exercise price of the options and the closing price of the Shares on the                 Non-equity incentive plan compensation
TSX on each respective vesting date.                                                       Messrs. Miller, Dzadovsky and Ms. Warner are paid in U.S. dollars. Their
(2)
  Share-based awards                                                                       annual non-equity incentive amount was converted into Canadian dollars
                                                                                           using 1.3806, the annual average exchange rate for fiscal 2026.
Includes the payout of the Share Units granted in fiscal 2023 and paid out
on July 9, 2025, calculated using the weighted average price of the Shares
on the TSX for the five days prior to the payout date, as well as the value of
DSUs granted and vested during the year, calculated using the weighted

The table below shows, for each NEO, the aggregate number of stock options exercised, the average exercise price and the gains
realized on exercise during fiscal 2026.

                                                        Number of Common Shares            Average exercise price per Common
                                                             acquired on exercise                                       Share                            Gain realized (1)
 Alain Bouchard
                                                                                 193,384                                    $29.09                            $9,033,871
 Founder and Executive Chairman
 Alex Miller
                                                                                   4,602                                    $42.64                              $142,005
 President and Chief Executive Officer
 Filipe Da Silva
                                                                                      —                                         —                                       —
 Chief Financial Officer
 Louise Warner
                                                                                      —                                         —                                       —
 EVP North America Operations
 Ed Dzadovsky
                                                                                      —                                         —                                       —
 Chief Technology Officer
(1)
  This value represents the difference between the price of the Common Shares on the TSX at the time of exercise and the exercise price.

Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans
Additional information relating to the Stock Incentive Plan
                                         Number of Shares to be issued                             Weighted-average         Number of Shares remaining
                                          upon exercise of outstanding                              exercise price of available for future issuance under
 As at April 26, 2026                                          options                           outstanding options                              the plan
 Equity compensation plan
 approved by security holders                                  2,179,240                                      $58.44                           35,916,226
 (stock incentive plan)

The number of Shares to be issued upon exercise of all currently outstanding and unexercised options represents
0.24% of our total issued and outstanding Shares as at April 26, 2026.




                                                                                                                                                                   86

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Burn rate
The table below shows the annual burn rate for granted stock options for the last three fiscal
                                                                                                                             BURN RATE AND
years. The burn rate is the total stock options granted in each fiscal year expressed as a
                                                                                                                             OVERHANG
percentage of the average number of outstanding and issued Shares during the fiscal year.
                                                                                                                             Our annual burn rate for fiscal
                                                                    2026                   2025                   2024
                                                                                                                             2026 is 0.033% and the total
Number of stock options granted                                   311,082                376,942                399,973
                                                                                                                             potential dilution of our stock
Average total number of outstanding and issued
Shares during the fiscal year
                                                            931,939,118            950,058,764            966,696,776        options at the end of our fiscal
Burn rate                                                         0.033%                 0.040%                 0.041%
                                                                                                                             year is 4.15%.

Overhang
The table below shows the overhang or total potential dilution for the last three fiscal years. The overhang is the sum of the total
stock options outstanding and unexercised at the end of the year and the total number of options available for future grants
expressed as a percentage of the total number of outstanding and issued Shares at the end of that fiscal year.

                                                                                 2026                   2025                   2024
Number of outstanding and unexercised stock options granted (A)              2,179,240              2,117,210              1,849,954
Options available for issuance under the plan (B)                           35,916,226             36,210,535             36,575,684
Total potential dilution (C) equals (A + B)                                 38,095,466             38,327,745             38,425,638
Total Shares outstanding and issued at year end (D)                     918,344,581            948,064,405            957,095,436
Overhang (E) equals (C divided by D)                                            4.15%                  4.04%                  4.01%

The number of options remaining available for grant under the plan represent 4.15% of our total issued
and outstanding Shares as at April 26, 2026.




                                                                                                                                                       87

Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular
Appendices
Appendix A – Glossary
Appendix B – Mandate of the Board of Directors
Appendix C – Summary of our Long-Term Incentive Plans
Appendix D – Shareholder Proposals
Appendix A

Glossary
In this document:
    ▪   “Alimentation Couche-Tard”, “Couche-Tard”, “Corporation”, “we”, “us”, “our” means Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.
    ▪   “Audit Committee” means the Audit Committee of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Board” or “Board of Directors” means the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Broadridge” means Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.
    ▪   “CEO” means the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation.
    ▪   “CFO” means the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Chairperson” or “Chairman” means the Executive Chairman of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Circular” means this management information circular.
    ▪   “Class A Shares” means the Class A multiple voting shares of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Class B Shares” means the Class B subordinate voting shares of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Clawback Policy” means the executive compensation clawback policy adopted by the Corporation which allows it to
        require repayment of incentive compensation under certain circumstances.
    ▪   “Committees” means the Audit Committee and the HRCG Committee.
    ▪   “Common Shares” means the Common shares of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Control Number” means a unique identification number assigned to a shareholder or proxyholder that allows secure
        access to the virtual meeting platform and enables such holder to vote, participate in, and submit questions at the
        meeting.
    ▪   “Conversion Event” means the date when the Class A Shares were converted to Common Shares.
    •   "COO" means the Chief Operating Officer of the Corporation.
    •   "CPO" means Chief People Officer of the Corporation.
    •   “Director Nominees” means the directors for nomination to the Board.
    •   “Diversity Policy” means a formal Policy adopted by the Corporation regarding Diversity on the Board of Directors and in
        Executive Officer Positions.
    ▪   “Dividend Equivalents” means that all outstanding Share Units benefit from dividend accruals in the form of additional
        Share Units upon payment of normal cash dividends on Shares.
    ▪   “DSUP” means the Deferred Share Unit Plan adopted by the Corporation.
    ▪   “DSUs” means Deferred Share Units granted by the Corporation pursuant to the Deferred Share Unit Plan.
    ▪   “DSU Match” or "Match Eligible Remuneration" means the Corporation grants additional DSUs equal to 25% of the
        number of DSUs credited to the account of such executive pursuant to their DSU Voluntary Election.
    ▪   “DSU Voluntary Election” means NEOs and other executives are able to participate in our DSUP by electing to receive up
        to 50% of their short-term incentive award payout in DSUs instead of cash.
    •   EBITDA means Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and impairment.
    •   "ELT" or "Executive Leadership Team" means the Executive Leadership Team of the Corporation
    •   "ESPP" or "Employee Share Purchase Plan" means the Corporation’s employee share purchase plan that allows eligible
        employees to purchase Common Shares of the Corporation, generally through payroll deductions and, where applicable,
        with a matching contribution from the Corporation.
    •   “ESG” means environmental, social and governance.
    ▪   “Ethics Code” means, collectively, the Ethics Code of Conduct adopted by the Corporation and ancillary policies related to
        ethical business practices.
    ▪   “EVP” means Executive Vice President of the Corporation.
    ▪   “Executive Directors” means directors who are employed by the Corporation.
    ▪   “HRCG Committee” means the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee of the Corporation.
    ▪   “KRAs” or "Key Result Areas" means the key performance objectives, including financial, operational, and strategic
        priorities, established for the Named Executive Officers and used to assess individual performance and determine
        incentive compensation outcomes.
    ▪   “Laurel Hill” means Laurel Hill Advisory Group.
    ▪   "Majority Voting Policy" means the Corporation’s policy requiring that, in an uncontested election of directors, any
        director nominee who receives a greater number of votes withheld than votes in favour must tender their resignation to
        the Board for consideration.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular                                                          89
   ▪    "Matching DSUs" means the additional DSUs that may be granted to a Participant as a matching grant of DSUs on the
        same date as DSUs are granted to a Participant under a DSU Match.
   ▪    “Meeting” means our 2026 annual meeting of shareholders to be held on Wednesday, September 2, 2026.
   ▪    “NCIB” or "Normal Course Issuer Bid" means a share repurchase program through which the Corporation may purchase
        its Common Shares on the open market, in accordance with applicable securities laws and stock exchange rules.
   ▪    “NEOs" or "Named Executive Officers” means our Founder and Executive Chairman, our President and Chief Executive
        Officer, our Chief Financial Officer, our Chief Operating Officer and our Chief Growth Officer.
   ▪    "Notice and Access" means a delivery method permitted under Canadian securities regulations, including National
        Instrument 54-101 – Communication with Beneficial Owners of Securities of a Reporting Issuer, which allows issuers to
        provide shareholders with electronic access to meeting materials (such as the management information circular and
        related proxy materials) instead of mailing full paper copies, while still providing a notice explaining how to access those
        materials and how to request printed copies.
   •    “Non-Executive Directors” means directors who are not otherwise employed by the Corporation.
   ▪    “Performance Period” means the three years period commencing at the beginning of the fiscal year in which the PSU is
        granted.
   ▪    “PSU” means performance share units granted by the Corporation pursuant to the Stock Unit Plan.
   ▪    “Quorum" means the minimum number of shares represented in person or by proxy that must be present for a meeting
        of shareholders to be duly constituted, as determined in accordance with the Corporation’s by-laws.
   ▪    “Record Date” means July 8, 2026, being the date for determination of Shareholders entitled to receive notice of and to
        vote at the Meeting.
   •    "ROCE" means return on capital employed.
   •    “RSU” means restricted share units granted by the Corporation pursuant to the Stock Unit Plan.
   ▪    “Shares” means the Common Shares of the Corporation.
   ▪    “Share Units” means PSUs, RSUs and DSUs, collectively.
   ▪    “Stock Incentive Plan” means the Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan effective March 17, 2021.
   ▪    “Supplier Code of Conduct” means the Supplier Code of Conduct approved by the Board on November 28, 2023.
   ▪    “TSX” means the Toronto Stock Exchange.
   ▪    “TSX Trust” means the TSX Trust Company, the Corporation's Transfer Agent.
   ▪    “Vested PSUs” means the number of PSUs that will vest for a Participant will correspond to the number of PSUs granted to
        such Participant on the grant date (including Dividend Equivalents) multiplied by the Vesting Percentage.
   ▪    “Vesting Percentage” means the percentage of performance achieved during the Performance Period, as determined by
        the HRCG Committee, not to exceed 200%.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular                                                            90
Appendix B

Mandate of the Board of Directors
    A.    Purpose
The role of the board of directors of the Corporation (the "Board") is to supervise the management of the business and affairs of
the Corporation. The Board, directly and through its committees, shall provide direction to senior management, generally through
the president and chief executive officer (the "CEO"), to pursue the best interests of the Corporation.
    B.    Duties and Responsibilities
The Board is responsible for the overall conduct of the Corporation and in exercising its powers and discharging its duties, shall act
honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the Corporation and exercise the care, diligence and skill that a
reasonably prudent person would exercise in comparable circumstances. In considering what is in the best interests of the
Corporation, the Board may look at the interests of inter alia, shareholders, employees, creditors, consumers, governments and the
environment to inform its decisions. These interests are, among other things, represented by pursuing a policy aimed at sustainable
responsibility.
In furtherance of its purpose, the Board shall assume the following duties and responsibilities:
Strategy and Budget
    1.    Ensure that a strategic planning process is in place and approve, at least on an annual basis, a strategic plan which may
          take into account, among other things, the longer-term opportunities and risks of the business;
    2.    Approve the Corporation's annual operating and capital budgets;
    3.    Review operating and financial performance results in relation to the Corporation's strategic plan and budgets;
    4.    Approve all significant decisions outside of the ordinary course of the Corporation's business, including major financings,
          acquisitions, and dispositions or material departures from the strategic plan or budgets;
Environmental, Social and Governance
    5.    Review, approve and monitor the Corporation's goals, strategies and commitments related to sustainability and ESG,
          including climate risks, and opportunities, human rights and human capital management, community and social impact,
          and inclusive culture.
    6.    Develop the Corporation's approach to, and disclosure of, corporate governance practices and oversee the development
          by the Human Resources and Corporate Governance Committee (the "HRCG Committee") of a set of corporate
          governance guidelines and principles that are specifically applicable to the Corporation;
    7.    Approve the nomination of directors to the Board, as well as:
            a. Ensure that a majority of the Corporation's directors have no direct or indirect material relationship with the
                Corporation and determine who, in the reasonable opinion of the Board, are independent pursuant to applicable
                legislation, regulation and listing requirements;
            b. Develop appropriate qualifications and criteria for the selection of Board members;
    8.    Appoint the chairperson of the Board (the "Chairperson") and if the Chairperson is an Executive Chairperson, a lead
          director (the "Lead Director") and the chairpersons and members of each committee of the Board, in consultation with
          the relevant committee of the Board;
    9.    Along with the HRCG Committee, provide and oversee an orientation and continuing education program for newly
          appointed directors;
    10.   Review the disclosure in the Corporation's public disclosure documents relating to corporate governance practices and
          conduct a periodic review of the relationship between management and the Board, particularly in a view to ensure
          effective communication and the provision of information to directors in a timely manner;
    11.   Assess annually the effectiveness and contribution of the Board, the Chairperson, each committee of the Board and their
          respective chairperson and individual directors;
    12.   Review and approve the Supplier Code of Conduct of the Corporation with the purpose of promoting integrity and
          deterring wrongdoing, and encouraging and promoting a culture of ethical business conduct and as required, oversee
          compliance with the Corporation's Supplier Code of Conduct by directors, officers and other management personnel and
          employees;
    13.   Receive reports from the HRCG Committee regarding any breach of the policies with respect to business conduct and
          ethics, including the Supplier Code of Conduct and review investigations and any resolutions of complaints received under
          such policies;




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular                                                              91
    14. Delegate (to the extent permitted by law) to the CEO, other executive officers and management personnel appropriate
        powers to manage the business and affairs of the Corporation;
    15. Act and function independently from management in fulfilling its fiduciary obligations;
    16. Review, approve and oversee the implementation of the Corporation's material policies, including the insider trading
        policy, health and safety policies and practices and measures for receiving feedback from the Corporation's stakeholders,
        and oversee compliance of these policies by directors, executive officers and other management personnel and
        employees;
    17. Review and approve, as required, the Corporation's environmental policies and management systems;
Human Resource Management and Compensation
    18. Appoint the CEO and the Chief Financial Officer (the "CFO") of the Corporation, following the recommendation of the HRCG
        Committee;
    19. Approve and/or develop, as applicable written position descriptions for the role of the CEO and the CFO, which includes
        delineating management's responsibilities, as well as written position descriptions for the role of the chairperson of each
        of the committees of the Board and the Lead Director;
    20. Approve the Corporation's compensation policy for directors, if any;
    21. Review and approve, following the recommendation of the HRCG Committee, the corporate goals and objectives that the
        Executive Chairman, if any, the CEO, the CFO and other executive officers are responsible for meeting and reviewing the
        performance of these individuals against such corporate goals and objectives;
    22. Review and approve, following the recommendation of the HRCG Committee, the compensation of the Executive
        Chairman, if any, the CEO, the CFO and other executive officers of the Corporation (including participation in compensation
        and benefits policies or changes thereto);
    23. Satisfy itself as to the integrity of the Executive Chairman, if any, the CEO and other executive officers and that the CEO and
        other executive officers create a culture of integrity throughout the organization;
    24. Review and approve, following the recommendation of the HRCG Committee, the succession planning relating to the
        position of the CEO, other executive officers, the chairperson of the Board and of each of the committees and the Lead
        Director;
Risk Management, Capital Management and Internal Controls
    25. Identify and assess periodically the principal risks of the Corporation's business, and ensure the implementation of
        appropriate systems to manage these risks;
    26. Ensure the integrity of the Corporation's internal control over financial reporting, management of information systems,
        disclosure controls and procedures, financial disclosure and the safeguarding of the Corporation's assets;
    27. Together with the Audit Committee, review, approve and oversee the Corporation's disclosure controls and procedures;
Communications
    28. In conjunction with management, meet with the Corporation's shareholders at the annual meeting and be available to
        respond to questions at that time;
    29. Monitor investor relations programs and communications with analysts, the media and the public;
    30. Review, approve and oversee the implementation of the Corporation's disclosure policy;
Financial Reporting, Auditors and Transactions
    31. Review and approve, as required, the Corporation's financial statements and related financial information; and
    32. Appoint (including terms and review of engagement), subject to approval of shareholders, and remove the Corporation's
        auditor;
    33. Review and approve mergers and acquisition opportunities and financings
    C.   Composition
    34. The composition and organization of the Board, including the number, qualifications and remuneration of directors, the
        number of Board meetings, Canadian residency requirements, quorum requirements, meeting procedures and notices of
        meetings shall comply with applicable requirements of the Quebec Business Corporations Act, the securities laws and
        regulations applicable in the Province of Québec and the articles and by-laws of the Corporation, subject to any
        exemptions or relief that may be granted from such requirements from time to time.
    35. With respect to the Corporation’s Policy Regarding Diversity on the Board of Directors and in Executive Officer Positions, the
         objective pursued by the Board is to have a variation of skills, experience and backgrounds of its members (including those with
         differences in age, disability, gender, sexual orientation, marital or Civil partnership status, race (including ethnic origin, nationality
         or color), religious, political or other beliefs, regional and geographic background).



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular                                                                           92
   D.   Committees of the Board
   36. Subject to applicable law, the Board shall establish, if needed, other Board committees or merge or dispose of any Board
       committee in addition to the Audit Committee and the HRCG Committee.
   37. In conjunction with the HRCG Committee, the Board shall review the appropriate structure, size, composition, mandate
       and members for each Board committee, and approve any modifications to such items as considered advisable. The Board
       may review, from time to time, each charter and consider any suggested amendments for approval. In addition, the Board
       may institute procedures to ensure that the Board and the Board committees function independently of management.
   38. To facilitate communication between the Board and each of the Board committees, each committee chairperson shall
       provide a summary and, to the extent necessary, a report, to the Board on material matters considered by the committee
       at the first Board meeting following the committee's meeting.
   E. Meeting
   39. The Board shall meet at least once in each quarter, with additional meetings held as deemed advisable. The Chairperson
        shall be primarily responsible for the agenda and for supervising the conduct of any Board meeting. Any director may
        propose the inclusion of items on the agenda, request the presence of, or a report by any member of senior management,
        or at any Board meeting raise subjects that are not on the agenda for that meeting.
   40. The Board shall conduct meetings of the Board in accordance with the Corporation's articles and by-laws.
   41. The secretary of the Corporation (the "Corporate Secretary"), his or her designate or any other person the Board
        requests, shall act as secretary of Board meetings.
   42. Minutes of Board meetings shall be recorded and maintained by the Corporate Secretary, or any other person acting in
        such capacity, and subsequently presented to the Board for approval.
   43. The independent members of the Board may hold regularly-scheduled meetings, or portions of regularly scheduled
        meetings, at which non-independent directors and members of management are not present.
   44. Each director is expected to attend all meetings of the Board and any committee of which he or she is a member.
   45. The Board shall have unrestricted access to management and employees of the Corporation (including, for greater
        certainty, its affiliates, subsidiaries and their respective operations).
   F.   Other
   46. The Board shall perform any other function as prescribed by law or as not delegated by the Board to one of the
       committees of the Board or to management personnel.
   47. This Board Charter is a statement of broad policies and is intended as a component of the flexible governance framework
       within which the Board, assisted by its committees, directs the affairs of the Corporation. While it should be interpreted in
       the context of all applicable laws, regulations and listing requirements, as well as in the context of the Corporation's
       articles and by-laws, it is not intended to establish any legally binding obligations.
   G.   Limitations on Board's duties
   48. Nothing contained in this charter is intended to expand applicable standards of conduct under statutory or regulatory
       requirements for the directors of the Corporation.
   49. Members of the Board are entitled to rely, absent knowledge to the contrary, on (i) the integrity of the persons and
       organizations from whom they receive information, and (ii) the accuracy and completeness of the information provided.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular                                                            93
Appendix C

Summaries of our Long-Term Incentive Plans
    A.   Summary of the Stock Incentive Plan of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.:
Effective March 17, 2021 (the “Adoption Date”), the Corporation has adopted an Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan, as
amended from time to time, (the “Stock Incentive Plan”) for certain management and key employees holding positions that can
have a significant impact on the Corporation's long-term results. The Stock Incentive Plan was then ratified by the Corporations
shareholder’s at its annual meeting on September 1, 2021. The changes adopted to the Stock Incentive Plan were designed to
ensure the plan’s continued relevancy for incentivizing performance and favoring talent retention. All options issued and
outstanding under the Stock Incentive Plan adopted by the Corporation on September 7, 1999, as amended from time to time,
continue to be governed by the Stock Incentive Plan from its Adoption Date. The full text of our Stock Incentive Plan is available on
SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.
The Stock Incentive Plan shall be administered by the Board, or if the Board by resolution so decides, by the Human Resources and
Corporate Governance Committee (the “HRCG Committee”), and the Board shall also be responsible for its interpretation,
construction and application. Pursuant to the Stock Incentive Plan, only those officers, senior executives, employee directors and
other full-time employees of the Corporation or any of its affiliates that occupy key positions as determined by the Board are eligible
to receive Options (“Eligible Participants”). In determining Options to be granted under the Stock Incentive Plan, the Board or the
HRCG Committee, as the case may be, shall give due consideration to the value of each Eligible Participant's present and potential
future contribution to the Corporation's success.
The aggregate number of Shares of the Corporation (the “Shares”) reserved and available for issuance pursuant to Options under
the Stock Incentive Plan is limited to 101,352,000 Shares, of which 35,916,226 were available as at April 26, 2026. Shares in respect
of which an Option is granted under the Stock Incentive Plan but not exercised prior to the cancellation or termination of such
Option, due to the expiration, cancellation, termination or lapse of such Option or otherwise, shall be available for Options to be
granted thereafter pursuant to the provisions of the Stock Incentive Plan. All Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of the Options
granted under the Stock Incentive Plan shall be so issued as fully paid and non-assessable Shares.
Pursuant to the Stock Incentive Plan, in no event can the number of Shares issued from treasury to satisfy the payment of vested
Options exceed 2% of the issued and outstanding Shares at the time.
The Stock Incentive Plan further provides that (i) the aggregate number of Shares reserved for issuance at any time to any one
Eligible Participant shall not exceed 3% of the issued and outstanding Shares at such time, (ii) the aggregate number of Shares
issued to any one insider under the Stock Incentive Plan or any other proposed or established share compensation arrangement
within any one-year period shall not exceed 3% of the issued and outstanding Shares as such time, (iii) the aggregate number of
Shares issuable at any time to insiders and associates of such insiders at any time under the Stock Incentive Plan or any other
proposed or established share compensation arrangement shall not exceed 5% of the issued and outstanding Shares, and (iv) the
total number of Shares issued to insiders and associates of such insiders under the Stock Incentive Plan or any other proposed or
established share compensation arrangement within any one-year period shall not exceed 5% of the issued and outstanding
Shares.
For each grant of Options under the Stock Incentive Plan, the Board shall (i) designate the Eligible Participants who may receive
Options, (ii) fix the number of Options to be granted to each Eligible Participant, (iii) determine the price per Share to be payable
upon the exercise of each such Option (the “Option Price”), which shall not be less than the market value of such Shares at the time
of the grant, and (iv) determine the relevant vesting provisions, including performance criteria, if any, and the term of the Option
which shall not exceed ten years (the “Option Term”), the whole subject to the terms and conditions of the Stock Incentive Plan. For
purposes of the Stock Incentive Plan, the “market value” of the Shares shall be: (i) if the grant is made outside a black-out period, the
greater of (a) the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five trading day-period ending on the last
trading day before the day on which the Option is granted and (b) the closing market price of a Share on the TSX on the last trading
day before the day on which the grant is approved; or (ii) if the grant is approved by the Board or the HRCG Committee on a day
that is in a black-out period or within five trading days after the end of a black-out period, then the grant will be deemed to have
been made on the 6th trading day following the end of such black-out period a the market value shall be equal to the greater of (a)
the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five trading day-period ending on the last trading day
before the day on which the Option is deemed to be granted and (b) the closing market price of a Share on the TSX on the last
trading day before the day on which the Option is deemed to be granted.
Unless otherwise determined by the Board, all unexercised Options shall be cancelled at the expiry of such Options. Should the
Option Term for an Option end during a black-out period or before 10 trading days following the end of a black-out period, unless



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular                                                                94
such extension would result in tax penalties or violate Section 409A of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
such Option Term shall be automatically extended without any further act or formality to that date which is the 10th trading day
after the end of the black-out period, such 10th trading day to be considered the expiration date for such Option for all purposes
under the Stock Incentive Plan.
Prior to its expiration or earlier termination in accordance with the Stock Incentive Plan, Options are exercisable in whole or in part
and at such time or times and/or pursuant to performance criteria or other vesting conditions as the Board may determine in its
sole discretion at the time of granting the Option.
With the consent of the Board, a Participant may, rather than exercise the Option which the Participant is entitled to exercise under
this Stock Incentive Plan, elect to surrender all or a portion of such Option to the Corporation and receive in consideration the
number of Shares, disregarding fractions, which, when multiplied by the market value of the Shares to which the surrendered
Option relate, have a value equal to the product of the number of Shares to which the disposed Option relate multiplied by the
difference between the market value of such Shares and the Option Price of such Option, less any amount withheld on account of
income taxes, which withheld income taxes will be remitted by the Corporation. The market value of the Shares shall be the volume
weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five trading day period ending on the last trading day before the day
on which the Option is exercised or surrendered. Only the number of Shares so received shall be deducted from the reserve in such
a case.
Options are personal to the Participant and shall not be assignable or transferable by the Participant, whether voluntarily or by
operation of law, except by will or by the laws of succession of the domicile of the deceased Participant.
If a Participant’s employment is terminated for cause, Options terminate on the effective date of the termination or the date
specified in the notice of termination.
In the event of the death of a Participant, his/her vested Options at the time of death must be exercised by his/her heirs within 180
days of the Participant’s death or prior to the expiration of the original term of such Options, whichever occurs earlier.
In the event of the injury or disability of a Participant any vested Options on the date of the Participant’s termination of employment
may be exercised by the Participant; however such Options shall only be exercisable within 2 years after the cessation of
employment (or the effective date on which the Participant becomes eligible long-term disability benefits) or prior to the expiration
of the original term of such Options, whichever occurs earlier.
Upon the retirement of a Participant, any vested Option may be exercised by the Participant within 4 years after the retirement date
or prior to the expiration of the original term of such Options, which ever occurs earlier. Unvested Option (or part thereof) shall
continue to vest during 2 years after the date of retirement.
If a Participant’s employment is terminated other than for cause, by death, disability or retirement, any Options may be exercised if
they have vested at the time of termination or cessation of employment. Such Options are exercisable for a period of 90 days after
the termination date or prior to the expiration of the original term of such Options, whichever occurs earlier.
In the event a Participant takes a voluntary leave of absence, any Options may be exercised by the Participant as the rights to
exercise such Options accrue, and such Options shall remain fully exercisable until expiration of the original term of such Options.
The Board may make such changes as it considers appropriate, in its discretion, including changing the vesting conditions and/or
the date on which any Option expires in the event of a change of control or other transaction (such as a reorganization, an
amalgamation, an arrangement or a take-over bid for all of the Shares or the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the
property and assets of the Corporation).
Under the Stock Incentive Plan, shareholder approval is required in order to make any of the following changes:
  ▪ changing the amendment provisions of the Stock Incentive Plan;
  ▪ increasing the maximum number of Shares that can be issued under the Stock Incentive Plan;
  ▪ making a change to eliminate or exceed the insider participation limits set out under the Stock Incentive Plan;
  ▪ reducing the exercise price or cancelling an Option and substituting such Option by a new Option with a reduced price;
  ▪ extending the term of an Option beyond its original expiry date, except in case of an extension due to a blackout period;
  ▪ any amendment which would permit any Option granted under the Stock Incentive Plan to be transferable or assignable other
    than as contemplated by the Stock Incentive Plan;
  ▪ any amendment which would allow non-employee directors to be eligible for awards under the Stock Incentive Plan; or
  ▪ any other change that requires us to receive shareholder approval according to regulatory requirements or TSX policies.
The Board can use its discretion to make the following changes without shareholder approval, provided that such changes comply
with regulatory requirements, which may include but are not limited to:
  ▪ making changes of a “housekeeping” or clarification nature;



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular                                                               95
  ▪ changing the vesting provisions of an Option; or
  ▪ changing the category of people who may participate in the plan, unless the change increases the participation of insiders.
The Board may generally amend the Stock Incentive plan or any Option without the consent of the participants to whom Options
were granted provided that such amendment shall not adversely alter or impair such Options.
The Stock Incentive Plan also provides that the term of an Option may not be extended beyond 10 years. This is separate from
extending the term by 10 days if the Option expiry date falls within a trading black-out period, or during the 10 days immediately
after the black-out period has been lifted.
Grants are personal and cannot be assigned or transferred, except by will or by the applicable laws of succession. ACT does not
provide for any financial assistance under the Stock Incentive Plan.

The following provisions apply to Option grants upon the termination of employment of participants to whom they were granted:
    •    Termination for cause: All unexercised Options will terminate on the participant’s termination date.
    •    Death: Vested Options will remain exercisable by the liquidator, executor or administrator within 180 days after the
         participant’s death, subject to Options expiry date.
    •    Injury or disability: Vested Options will remain exercisable for up to two years after a disability of injury related terminations
         (subject to Options expiry date).
    •    Retirement: A clear definition of retirement aligned with the Share Unit Plan is provided along with a section providing
         retiring optionees with up to four years from the date of their retirement to exercise their Options (subject to Options
         expiry date). Unvested Options continue to vest during two years after retirement (subject to Options expiry date).
    B.   Summary of Share Unit Plan of Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.:
The purpose of the amended and restated Share Unit Plan adopted by the Board on June 29, 2020, and amended from time to time,
(the "SUP") is to provide Participants (as defined below) with the opportunity to acquire Restricted Share Units (“RSUs”) and
Performance Share units (“PSUs”, and RSUs and PSUs are together referred to as “Share Units”) of the Corporation allowing them to
participate in the long-term success of the Corporation, to promote a greater alignment of their interests with the interests of the
Corporation's shareholders, to reward the Participants for their performance of services and to provide a means through which the
Corporation or a Related Entity may attract, motivate and retain key personnel.
All employees of the Corporation are eligible to receive awards under the SUP, but eligibility to participate does not confer upon any
person a right to receive an award pursuant to the SUP. In determining Share Units to be awarded under the SUP, the Board or the
HRCG Committee, as the case may be, shall give due consideration to the value of each Eligible Participant's present and potential
future contribution to the Corporation's success. The SUP was designed to provide eligible participants with the opportunity to
participate in the long-term success of the Corporation, to promote a greater alignment of their interests with those of
shareholders, to reward eligible participants for their performance of services while working for the Corporation and to provide a
means through which the Corporation may attract, motivate and retain key personnel. The SUP is administered by the HRCG
Committee.
For each award of Share Units under the SUP, the HRCG Committee shall (i) designate the eligible participants who may receive
Share Units (the “Participant”), (ii) determine the number of Share Units (including fractional Share Units) to be credited to each
Participant, having regard to the market value of the Shares at the time of the grant, the whole subject to the terms and conditions
of the SUP. For the purpose of such determination, the “market value” of the Shares shall be (i) if the award is made outside a black-
out period, including if the award is declared outside a black-out period as part of a periodic grant program but with an effective
award date that falls within a black-out period, the volume weighted average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five
trading day period ending on the last trading day before the award date or, if not available, the last available closing market price of
the Shares at the time of the award or (ii) if the award is made during a black-out period, the volume weighted average trading price
of the Shares on the TSX for the five trading day period following the last day of such black-out period, in such case the award date
being deemed to be the 6th trading following the last day of such black-out period.
With respect to each award of PSUs, the HRCG Committee shall also determine the performance measures and objectives that shall
determine the proportion, not exceeding 200% of such awarded PSUs becoming vested PSUs, as well as the performance period,
the whole subject to the terms and conditions of the SUP. The Committee may also, in its absolute discretion, at any time after the
date of an award of PSUs and prior to the payment of the award, make adjustments to the performance measures and objectives
where a relevant indicator of performance no longer exists, has materially changed of is no longer relevant. The performance




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular                                                                  96
period, unless otherwise specified by the Committee at the time of granting of the award, shall be of three years commencing at the
beginning of the fiscal year in which the award is granted (the “Performance Period”).
All outstanding Share Units benefit from dividend accruals in the form of additional Share Units upon payment of normal cash
dividends on Shares (the “Dividend Equivalents”).
With respect to each award of PSUs, following the completion of a Performance Period applicable to an award, the HRCG Committee
shall assess the performance in light of the measures identified and the objectives set for such Performance Period. The HRCG
Committee shall then determine the percentage, not to exceed 200%, of performance achieved during the Performance Period (the
"Vesting Percentage") applicable to the award. In making its determination, the HRCG Committee may set the Vesting Percentage
at a higher percentage (not to exceed 200%) than would have resulted based solely on the performance measures and objectives.
The number of PSUs that will vest for a Participant will correspond to the number of PSUs granted to such Participant on the grant
date (including Dividend Equivalents) multiplied by the Vesting Percentage (the “Vested PSUs”).
With respect to each award of RSUs, RSUs (including Dividend Equivalents) credited to the account of a Participant who is still in the
active employment of the Corporation as of the end of the Performance Period shall become vested at that time (the “Vested
RSUs”).
Participants are entitled to receive payment in cash equal to the number of Vested Share Units multiplied by the volume weighted
average trading price of the Shares on the TSX for the five trading day period immediately preceding the date or dates determined
by the HRCG Committee as the date(s) on which all or part of an award shall be valued (the “Valuation Date”) and thereafter be
paid, less any applicable withholding taxes.
Upon a Participant’s retirement, if a Participant’s employment is terminated other than for cause, or if a Participant becomes
disabled (as defined in the SUP), a pro-rated payment amount based on the amount of time such Participant was actively employed
during the Performance Period will become payable to the Participant: (i) in the case of PSUs, at the end of the Performance Period
if performance conditions are met, and (ii) in the case of RSUs, within 30 days from the separation date, provided that the Valuation
Date shall be deemed to be the separation date or the date the Participant became Disabled, as applicable, and provided that the
Participant shall cease to accumulate Dividend Equivalents as of the separation date.
Upon the death of a Participant, subject to any express resolution of the HRCG Committee, a pro-rated payment amount based on
the amount of time such Participant was actively employed during the Performance Period will become payable to the Participant:
(i) in the case of PSUs, at the end of the Performance Period if performance conditions are met, and (ii) in the case of RSUs, within
90 days from the date of death, provided that the Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the date of death, and provided that the
Participant shall cease to accumulate Dividend Equivalents as of the date of death.
Effective April 28, 2026, the Board approved, following a recommendation of the HRCG Committee, amendments to provisions in
the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the SUP), applicable to grants made on or after April 28, 2026. In the event of a
Change of Control, all unvested outstanding PSUs may be (as applicable) substituted by or replaced with awards of the surviving/
successor corporation (Continuing Entity) on the same terms as the original PSUs. The amendments also introduce a double trigger
criteria in the event of termination of employment due to a Change of Control. If within 12 months following a Change of Control, a
participant’s employment with the Corporation or the Continuing Entity is terminated without cause, or the participant resigns from
his or her employment for good reason (as defined in the SUP), then, the vesting of all share units would be accelerated in full,
except that in the case of PSUs, the applicable vesting percentage would be calculated having regard to the pro rata achievement of
any applicable performance measures and objectives up to the date of termination.
For grants made before April 28, 2026, in the event of a Change of Control, the outstanding Share Units shall vest immediately at a
Vesting Percentage of 100%, or such higher percentage as may be determined by the HRCG Committee.
Upon the termination of a Participant’s employment for cause or for any other reason than those specified above, any unvested
Share Units credited to such Participant’s account shall be forfeited and cancelled along with any Dividend Equivalent in relation to
such Share Units.
Each Share Unit awarded under the SUP is personal to the Participant and shall not be assignable or transferable by the Participant,
whether voluntarily or by operation of law, except by will or by the laws of succession of the domicile of the deceased Participant.
    C.   Summary of Deferred Share Unit Plan
The purpose of the amended and restated Deferred Share Unit Plan adopted by the Board on June 29, 2020, and amended from
time to time, (the “DSUP”) is to grant Deferred Share Units (“DSUs”) of the Corporation to Eligible Directors and Eligible Employees
(as defined below) in order to align their interest with those of the shareholders of the Corporation with a focus on the growth and
development of the Corporation. The DSUP, as amended, is designed to enhance the Corporation’s ability to attract and retain




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular                                                              97
talented individuals to serve as members of the Board and in executive positions, to promote alignment of interests between
participants and shareholders and to assist participants in fulfilling their respective Share Ownership Requirements.
The DSUP is administered by the HRCG Committee.
For the purpose of the DSUP, “Eligible Directors” are those directors who are not employees of the Corporation and are
designated as such by the Board and “Eligible Employees” are those employees of the Corporation and are designated as such by
the Board. When such Eligible Directors or Eligible Employees are granted DSUs, they are also referred to as “Participants”. DSUs
issued under the DSUP can only be settled in cash.
For each fiscal year, in addition to any additional portion elected to be received in the form of DSUs, each Eligible Director shall
receive in the form of DSUs (the exact number of which, rounded down to the next whole DSU, being calculated using the fair
market value at the time of the grant) 50% of the amount of the annual retainer payable to such Eligible Director in respect of his or
her duties as a director of the Corporation for such fiscal (the “Director Annual DSU Remuneration”).
Participation in the DSUP by Eligible Employees remains entirely at the Eligible Employee’s discretion, since no given portion of an
Eligible Employee’s annual remuneration has been determined by the Board to be mandatorily payable in DSUs. For the purpose of
the DSUP, Eligible Employees may elect to receive in the form of DSUs (i) a portion of the short-term incentive compensation instead
of in cash, and/or (ii) all of the RSU portion of the long-term incentive compensation payable to such Eligible Employee in respect of
his or her duties and performance as an employee of the Corporation with respect to a fiscal year (the “Employee Annual DSU
Remuneration”). With respect to the short-term incentive compensation, an Eligible Employee may be permitted to, as determined
by the Board, to defer up to 50% of his or her short-term incentive compensation into DSUs (“Match Eligible Remuneration”) and
receive Matching DSUs in respect of such deferral. On the same date as DSUs are granted to a Participant in respect of a deferral of
Match Eligible Remuneration, additional DSUs may be granted to the Participant as a matching grant of DSUs (“Matching DSUs”).
The number of Matching DSUs granted shall be equal to 25% of the first 50% of DSUs granted in respect of the Participant’s deferral
of Match Eligible Remuneration, or such other matching percentage designated by the Board from time to time. The first DSUs had
been issued to Eligible Employees prior to 2020.
The number of DSUs (including Matching DSUs, as applicable) to be credited to an Eligible Director or Eligible Employee’s notional
account shall be determined by dividing (in) in the case of Eligible Directors, the dollar value of the Director Annual DSU
Remuneration and (ii) in the case of Eligible Employees the approved dollar amount of the Employee Annual DSU Remuneration, by
the fair market value at the time of the grant. The “market value” used for purposes of calculating the amount of DSUs so to be
granted shall be the volume weighted average trading price of a Share on the TSX for the five trading days immediately preceding
the date of calculation or such other manner as is required or allowed by the rules and policies of the TSX, or, if not available, the
last available closing market price of the Shares preceding the time of the grant.
A Participant shall be entitled to receive Dividend Equivalents in the form of additional DSUs as of each dividend payment date in
respect of which normal cash dividends are paid on the Shares during the period between the date the DSUs have been awarded
and the Termination Date.
Unless otherwise determined, DSUs, including any Dividend Equivalents, vest immediately upon being granted. Matching DSUs,
including any Dividend Equivalents, will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Participant’s grant notice which
shall be, unless otherwise determined by the Board, at a rate of 1/3 per year on the anniversary date of the grant, over a period of
three years.
No Participant will have any right to receive any payment under the DSUP until he or she ceases to be an Eligible Director (and is not
at that time an employee of the Corporation) or an Eligible Employee (and is not at that time a Director) for any reason (other than
for cause), including by death, disability, retirement or resignation (a “Termination Date”).
Once a Termination Date occurs for a given Participant not subject to United States taxation, such Participant (or its legal
representative in the case of death) will be entitled to file up to two redemption notices requesting settlement of all or part of the
vested DSUs credited to its account by way of a cash payment calculated using the market value on the date of such filing. The
“market value” means the volume weighted average trading price of a Share on the TSX for the five trading days immediately
preceding the date of calculation. Should no redemption notice be filed, then the Participant will be deemed to have filed a
redemption notice for all its DSUs on December 1 of the first calendar year commencing after the date of the Participant’s
Termination Date (other than as a result of the Participant’s death while serving as an Eligible Director or an Eligible Employee, in
which case the determination of the market will be the date of the Participant’s death).
Once a Termination Date occurs for a given Participant subject to United States taxation, such Participant will be entitled to receive
the payment of their DSUs on the Distribution Date, meaning the earlier of (a) the date that is six months and one day following the
Termination Date, and (b) the 30th day following the date of death of the Participant.



Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular                                                               98
The DSUP also provides that in the event of a Change of Control (as defined in the DSUP), the Board may make such provision for
the protection of the rights of the Participants as the Board, in its discretion considers appropriate in the circumstances, including
without limitation, providing for substitute or replacement deferred share units of the continuing entity (unless substitution or
replacement of the outstanding DSUs is deemed impossible or impractical by the Board, in its sole discretion). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no Participant will be entitled to receive payment for, or in respect of, any DSUs on or before his or her Termination Date.
Finally, in the event of termination of employment for cause (or resignation contemporary to the discovery by the Corporation of
any basis or grounds for termination for cause), all DSUs granted, vested or credited in favor of a Participant will be forfeited and
cancelled effective immediately upon such termination and such Participant will not be entitled to any payment, benefit or other
right under the DSUP.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular                                                               99
Appendix D

Shareholder Proposal No.1: Shareholder Engagement (translated from French)

It is proposed that the Board of Directors take the following measures to protect the organization and prevent risks
related to the disengagement of all types of investors, who are often individual retail shareholders:
1. Enhance the voting experience
      •    Work closely with transfer agents to simplify and make the voting process more accessible, including voting at meetings
           (virtual or in person) and proxy voting;
      •    Interactive guides and explanatory videos to demystify the issues on the agenda;
      •    Personalized reminders or light incentives to encourage voting.
2. Modernize communications
      •    Make communications clearer, more appealing, and tailored to individual retail shareholders;
      •    Accelerate the adoption of technological solutions (simplified electronic voting);
      •    Optimize online voting platforms to make them more user-friendly on mobile devices;
      •    Increase shareholders’ access to information, particularly those who are less familiar with digital technologies (paper
           newsletters, helplines, etc.).
3. Thematic and intergenerational mobilization
      •    Integrate strategic or societal issues likely to generate greater interest among young investors (climate, inclusion, AI, etc.);
      •    Highlighting shareholder proposals and corporate governance issues in a simplified format.
4. Participation documentation
Disclosure in a circular, in a dedicated section with a summary table, of detailed information on attendance at meetings (in person
and virtual, broken down), from a historical perspective over several years (at least since before COVID), including, where possible:
          a) the number of votes cast in absolute terms (and not just as a percentage),
          b) the quorum,
          c) the number of voting shares outstanding (broken down by category, including multiple voting shares),
          d) the number of shareholders (natural persons or legal entities, beneficial owners or not [OBO/NOBO]) present, and
          e) the number of proxies (natural persons) representing them.
Rationale provided by MÉDAC
The gradual decline in shareholder participation, particularly among individual retail shareholders, raises several questions,
particularly regarding the causes. A continuing downward trend, observed over several years, is well documented.
A worrying finding: data from Broadridge Proxy Pulse Canada1 reveals:
                                                      Participation by shareholder category




1
    https://www.broadridge.com/_assets/pdf/broadridge-proxypulse-2023-proxy-season-review.pdf



    Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular                                                                 100
In 2025, a TSX-listed company had to postpone its annual meeting due to a lack of quorum. Such incidents, which receive media
coverage2, create uncertainty in the market and cause concern among interested parties (stakeholders). Several TSX-V mining
companies face similar situations.
By strengthening the participation of small shareholders, the company will consolidate its democratic legitimacy, improve the
quality of dialogue with all its security holders, and assert its leadership in modern and inclusive corporate governance.

Response from the Corporation
The Corporation recognizes that shareholder engagement is important and makes significant efforts to encourage participation in
annual shareholders meetings. To this end, the Corporation has implemented governance processes, communication practices, and
shareholder engagement mechanisms which meet applicable regulatory requirements and reflect widely recognized best practices.
The Circular provides clear and detailed communication about the manners in which shareholders can participate and vote at the
meeting. The Corporation works closely with its transfer agent to make the voting process as accessible as possible, and to make
best use of the available technological solutions. The Corporation also retained a proxy solicitation agent to assist in driving
shareholder voting participation.
Several of the items requested in the shareholder proposal are already disclosed by the Corporation, including the attendance rate
at the meeting, the total number of votes cast (in figures and as a percentage) for each resolution, the quorum and the number of
outstanding voting shares. The Corporation’s disclosure practices are fully aligned with Canadian standards and already provide
shareholders with meaningful voting and participation information.
The Corporation engages with shareholders through a variety of channels, giving shareholders and stakeholders the opportunity to
raise questions and concerns to Management regarding the Corporation’s business and affairs, as detailed in the Communications
and engagement with shareholders section of the Circular. There is no broad shareholder concern that the Corporation fails to engage
with shareholders effectively. The Corporation has consistently achieved quorum at its annual meetings, which represents 25% of
outstanding shares. The Corporation has not encountered challenges with shareholder participation in this regard and the
participation rate to shareholders meetings remained stable in comparison with the pre-pandemic period. The Board believes that
the measures and processes already in place effectively facilitate shareholder participation at each annual meeting and enable
shareholders to fully exercise all their rights.
We note that this proposal was submitted in the same form to multiple issuers with differing circumstances. We further note that
low levels of participation of retail shareholders in shareholders’ meetings is a global trend and not specific to the Corporation.
Consequently, the Board believes that the Corporation’s current approach strikes the right balance between accessibility, efficiency
and regulatory compliance, and considers the proposal unnecessary, not in the best interests of the Corporation or its
shareholders.
For these reasons, the Board of Directors therefore recommends voting AGAINST this proposal.

Shareholder Proposal No. 2 – Format of Annual Meetings (translated from French)
It is proposed that the company's annual meetings be held in person, with virtual meetings added as a complement,
without replacing in-person meetings.

Rationale provided by MÉDAC
Given that in-person annual meetings are the only opportunity shareholders have in the year to engage with members of the board
and the executive team and discuss the issues facing the Corporation, it is paramount to preserve and encourage this dialogue,
which is beneficial in many respects.
In our view, there are significant advantages to not limiting annual meetings to a virtual-only exercise.
1. Governance is stronger when management is present and engage with their shareholders
According to a study3 by Miriam Schwartz-Ziv (Hebrew University of Jerusalem), 100% virtual meetings:
       •    Reduce the length of exchanges,
       •    Include fewer questions from shareholders,
       •    Provide less time for management to respond.

In person, relational dynamics—eye contact, tone, physical presence—create a stronger environment of accountability and limit
the perception of excessive filtering or control.

2
 https://tinyurl.com/yjru64r4
3
 How Shifting from In-Person to Virtual Shareholder Meetings Affects Shareholders’ Voice, Miriam Schwartz-Ziv, Harvard Law School Forum on Corporate
Governance, 2020-08-18 https://corpgov.law.harvard.edu/2020/08/18/how-shifting-from-in-person-to-virtual-shareholder-meetings-affects-shareholders-voice/




    Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular                                                                            101
2. A hybrid format stimulates shareholder engagement
Studies by Broadridge4 show that virtual platforms increase participation… but that online interactions often remains superficial.
The hybrid format allows all types of shareholders to fully participate:
       •    Institutional investors can participate in a structured way in the room,

       •    Small shareholders can vote and ask questions remotely.

       •    It is an inclusive and balanced model.

3. Avoid criticism about transparency
A virtual-only format can raise suspicions of opacity: questions filtered, pre-written answers, no real debate.
Maintaining a physical meeting strengthens trust in the democratic process and protects the company’s reputation.
4. Not a cost issue, but a governance issue
Maintaining an in-person format does not require large public events. A modest venue with video capture is sufficient, and
webcasting tools are already in place.
The governance and perception benefits far outweigh the modest logistical costs.
This proposal received support from 36.31% of the votes at the last annual meeting.

Response from the Corporation
The Board believes that virtual shareholders meetings offer significant advantages, including the equal footing of all shareholders
and proxyholders around the world to participate in the fundamental decisions that are to be made during the meeting, the
significant carbon footprint reduction of virtual meetings compared to in-person or hybrid meetings, as well as the minimized
meeting-related costs for the issuer, the shareholders and other participants. The Board further believes that a well-designed virtual
meeting allows for efficient participation with reduced time commitment.
Beyond these considerations, the Corporation recognizes that regardless of the meetings’ format, it is crucial that its shareholders
and proxyholders are afforded the same rights and opportunities to vote and participate as they would have at an in-person
meeting. Under the Corporation’s virtual format, shareholders and proxyholders can vote, propose motions, raise points of order,
and meaningfully communicate with management and directors, as well as with other shareholders. The Corporation is also
committed to maintaining transparent communication and fostering open, ongoing dialogue with all shareholders and investors
beyond the annual meeting forum. To this end, the Corporation publishes on its website the questions submitted, and the
responses provided during the annual general meeting.
As indicated above, the Corporation engages with shareholders through a variety of channels. In fiscal 2026, the Corporation has
engaged on multiple occasions with shareholders representing over 75% of the institutional shareholder base to discuss a variety of
topics. In the course of those discussions, the Corporation has not received feedback specifically indicating that its shareholders
require that the Corporation’s annual meeting be held in person. The Corporation will continue to assess the degree of satisfaction
of its shareholders on key corporate governance practices as part of its shareholder engagement program (see the Communications
and engagement with shareholders section of the Circular).
The Board is of the view that the proposal is unnecessary, overly prescriptive and not in the best interests of shareholders.
Requiring an in-person component for annual meetings would limit the Company’s ability to adapt to evolving communication
preferences and the efficiencies of a virtual format, while introducing additional costs and environmental impact.
For these reasons, the Board of Directors therefore recommends voting AGAINST this proposal.

Shareholder Proposal No. 3 - Advisory vote on environmental policies (translated from French)
It is proposed that the company adopts an annual advisory vote policy regarding its environmental and climate objectives
and action plan.

Rationale provided by MÉDAC
This result far exceeds the level of support typically seen as a threshold for shareholder proposals.
Support of 17% is a clear signal: a meaningful share of shareholders wants a structured, recurring dialogue on Couche-Tard’s climate
strategy.

4
  In Baseball And Corporate Proxy, Change Can Be A Home Run, Chris Perry talks about the upcoming 2024 proxy season. Chris Perry, président de Broadridge
financial Solutions, Forbes, 2024-03-14 https://www.broadridge.com/article/bbd/in-baseball-and-corporate-proxy-change-can-be-a-home-run / 2024 Canadian
Proxy Statistics https://www.broadridge.com/_assets/pdf/broadridge-2024-canadian-proxy-statistics.pdf [Note from ACT: these links lead to unrelated content
on Broadridge’s website]



    Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular                                                                              102
Let us recall that an advisory vote is a tool for dialogue, not a constraint. The proposal aims neither to impose specific climate
targets nor to call management’s strategy into question. It simply provides a framework for:
    •   transparency,
    •   accountability,
    •   and reasonable shareholder participation on an issue of systemic importance.

Like the advisory vote on executive compensation, the vote on environmental policies allows shareholders to indicate their level of
confidence in the direction taken, without any binding legal effect.
An advisory vote would give management an annual opportunity to present its progress, while strengthening market
confidence.
This proposal, resubmitted with transparency and continuity in mind, seeks to strengthen environmental dialogue between Couche-
Tard and its shareholders, without altering management’s strategic role.
This proposal received support from 16.99% of the votes at the last annual meeting.

Response from the Corporation
This is the third year in a row MÉDAC is submitting a shareholder proposal requesting an advisory vote on the Corporation’s
approach to the environment and climate change. Since it was first submitted in 2024, shareholder support for this proposal has
remained below levels that would indicate broad support.
The Board continues to believe that transparent stakeholder engagement is the most appropriate and effective way to inform the
Corporations environmental and climate strategy. As indicated above, the Corporation engages with shareholders through a variety
of channels to discuss numerous matters, including risks, opportunities, strategy and disclosure related to environment and climate
(see the Communications and engagement with shareholders section of the Circular for more information on the Corporation’s
shareholder engagement program). The Board believes that this dialogue is more insightful than an annual advisory vote on the
Corporation’s approach to climate change, particularly given the technical and interconnected nature of climate-related
considerations.
Since 2019, we have been advancing our sustainability journey with a strong focus on transparency, stakeholder engagement, and
long-term value creation. In 2020, we formalized our approach by embedding sustainability into our strategic thinking and decision-
making processes. This led to the launch of our Sustainability Framework in fiscal 2021, which reflects insights gathered from
stakeholders, investors, and business leaders, and serves as a guiding lens across our operations.
Under its Charter, the Board is responsible for overseeing the Corporation’s goals, strategies and ambitions related sustainability
and environment, including climate risks and opportunities. This oversight is provided through the Human Resources and Corporate
Governance Committee (HRCG). This includes monitoring climate-related risks and opportunities, as well as the Corporation’s
broader environmental impact. With nearly 17,300 stores globally, we are actively working to reduce our footprint by expanding
renewable fuel offerings, growing our electric vehicle charging network, and implementing energy and water efficiency measures.
We also continue to collaborate with suppliers to introduce more sustainable packaging and to assess climate-related risks and
opportunities, as outlined in our Sustainability Report.
The Corporation already provides shareholders with extensive climate-related disclosure, through our annual Sustainability Report.
In fiscal 2026, our Sustainability Report was developed in reference to the reference to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
Sustainability Standards and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), enabling shareholders to effectively assess the
Company’s environmental strategy and performance. Our reporting index is available at: https://corporate.couche-tard.com/
sustainability.
The Board further notes that annual advisory votes on climate strategy are not currently a standard governance practice among
Canadian public issuers absent significant controversies, disclosure deficiencies, or governance concerns, none of which the
Corporation has experienced.
Based on the Corporation’s continuous stakeholder engagement, the strength of the Corporations existing ESG governance
framework as well as the Company’s disclosure practices, the Board is confident that these mechanisms remain the most effective
way to provide meaningful oversight and transparency. For these reasons, the Board believes that introducing an advisory vote on
environmental reporting would not enhance the Company’s existing practices.
For these reasons, the Board of Directors therefore recommends voting AGAINST this proposal.




Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. • 2026 Management Information Circular                                                         103
