
20-F

1

d52839d20f.htm

20-F

20-F

Table of Contents

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 20-F

☐   REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

☒   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020

OR

☐   TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR

☐   SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Commission file number 000-12033

TELEFONAKTIEBOLAGET LM ERICSSON

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

LM ERICSSON TELEPHONE COMPANY

(Translation of Registrant’s name into English)

Kingdom of Sweden

(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

SE-164 83 Stockholm, Sweden

(Address of principal executive offices)

Jonas Stringberg, Vice President, Head of Financial Control and Business Services

Telephone: +46 10 716 53 20, jonas.stringberg@ericsson.com

SE-164 83 Stockholm, Sweden

(Name, Telephone,
E-mail
 and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person)

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class   Trading symbol(s)   Name of Each Exchange on which
Registered
American Depositary Shares (each representing one B share) B Shares *   ERIC   The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC

*   Not for trading, but only in connection with the registration of the American Depositary Shares representing
such B Shares pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act:

None

Indicate the number
of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report:

B shares (SEK 5.00 nominal value)   3,072,395,752
A shares (SEK 5.00 nominal value)   261,755,983
C shares (SEK 5.00 nominal value)   0

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act.    Yes  ☒    No  ☐

If this report is an annual or
transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934.    Yes  ☐    No  ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    Yes  ☒    No  ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
files)    Yes  ☒    No  ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer” and “accelerated filer” and “emerging growth
company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer   ☒   Accelerated filer   ☐
Non-accelerated filer   ☐   Emerging growth company   ☐

If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13 (a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.  ☒

Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:

☐  U.S. GAAP   ☒   International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board   ☐  Other

If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which
financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow.

Item 17  ☐    Item 18  ☐

If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).    Yes  ☐    No  ☒

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page
PART I INTRODUCTION   1
ITEM 1.   IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS   1
ITEM 2.   OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE   1
ITEM 3.   KEY INFORMATION   1
A   Selected Financial Data   1
B   Capitalization and Indebtedness   1
C   Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds   1
D   Risk Factors   1
ITEM 4.   INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY   2
A   History and Development of the Company   2
B   Business Overview   2
C   Organizational Structure   3
D   Property, Plant and Equipment   5
ITEM 4A.   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS   5
ITEM 5.   OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS   5
A   Operating Results   6
B   Liquidity and Capital Resources   6
C   Research and Development, Patents and Licenses   6
D   Trend Information   6
E   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements   6
F   Tabular Disclosure of Contractual Obligations   7
ITEM 6.   DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES   7
A   Directors and Senior Management   7
B   Compensation   7
C   Board Practices   7
D   Employees   7
E   Share Ownership   8
ITEM 7.   MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS   8
A   Major Shareholders   8
B   Related Party Transactions   8
C   Interests of Experts and Counsel.   8
ITEM 8.   FINANCIAL INFORMATION   8
A   Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information.   8
B   Significant Changes   8
ITEM 9.   THE OFFER AND LISTING   8
A   Offer and Listing Details   8
B   Plan of Distribution   9
C   Markets   9
D   Selling Shareholders   9
E   Dilution   9
F   Expenses of the Issue   9
ITEM 10.   ADDITIONAL INFORMATION   9
A   Share Capital   9
B   Memorandum and Articles of Association   9
C   Material Contracts   9
D   Exchange Controls   9
E   Taxation   9
F   Dividends and Paying Agents   11
G   Statement by Experts   11
H   Documents on Display   11
I   Subsidiary Information   11

i

Table of Contents

ITEM 11.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK   11
ITEM 12.   DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES   13
A   Debt Securities   13
B   Warrants and Rights   13
C   Other Securities   13
D   American Depositary Shares   13
PART II   14
ITEM 13.   DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES   14
ITEM 14.   MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS   14
ITEM 15.   CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES   14
A   Disclosure Controls and Procedures   14
B   Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   14
C   Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm   14
D   Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting   14
ITEM 16.   [RESERVED]   14
ITEM 16A   AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT   14
ITEM 16B   CODE OF ETHICS   14
ITEM 16C   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES   14
ITEM 16D   EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES   14
ITEM 16E   PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS   15
ITEM 16F   CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT   15
ITEM 16G   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE   15
ITEM 16H   MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE   16
PART III   16
ITEM 17.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   16
ITEM 18.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   16
ITEM 19.   EXHIBITS   16

ii

Table of Contents

PART I

INTRODUCTION

Unless
otherwise indicated, all references herein to “Ericsson,” the “Company,” “the Group,” “we,” “us,” or “our” or “our company” are references to Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson and
its consolidated subsidiaries.

This document is our Annual Report on Form
20-F
 for the year ended
December 31, 2020 (the “2020 Form
20-F”).
 Reference is made to the English version of our Swedish Annual Report for 2020, with certain adjustments made to comply with U.S. requirements, which is
attached hereto as Exhibit 15.1 (the “2020 Swedish Annual Report”). Only (i) the information included in this 2020 Form
20-F,
 (ii) the information in the 2020 Swedish Annual Report that is
incorporated by reference in this 2020 Form
20-F,
 and (iii) the exhibits to the 2020 Form
20-F
 that are required to be filed pursuant to the Form
20-F
 shall be deemed to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for any purpose, including incorporation by reference into the Registration Statement on Form
F-3

filed on March 27, 2018 (File
No. 333-223954)
 and any other document filed by us pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which incorporates by reference the 2020 Form
20-F.
 Any information in the 2020 Swedish Annual Report that is not referenced in the 2020 Form
20-F
 or filed as an exhibit thereto shall not be deemed to be so incorporated
by reference. Certain industry, technical and financial terms used in this 2020 Form
20-F
 are defined in the subsections entitled “Glossary” and “Financial Terminology” of the 2020 Swedish
Annual Report, which are incorporated herein by reference.

Market data and certain industry forecasts used herein were obtained from
internal surveys, market research, publicly available information and industry publications. While we believe that market research, publicly available information and industry publications we use are reliable, we have not independently verified
market and industry data from third-party sources. Moreover, while we believe our internal surveys are reliable, they have not been verified by any independent source.

The information included on
http://www.ericsson.com/
 and other websites that appear in this 2020 Form

20-F
 is not incorporated by reference herein. From time to time, we may use our website as a channel of distribution of material company information. Financial and other material information regarding our
company is routinely posted on and accessible at
http://www.ericsson.com
/.

Forward-Looking Statements

This 2020 Form
20-F
 includes forward-looking statements, including statements reflecting
management’s current views relating to the growth of the market, future market conditions, future events, financial condition, and expected operational and financial performance, including, in particular the following:

•   Our goals, strategies, planning assumptions and operational or financial performance expectations

•   Industry trends, future characteristics and development of the markets in which we operate

•   Our future liquidity, capital resources, capital expenditures, cost savings and profitability

•   The expected demand for our existing and new products and services as well as plans to launch new products and
services including research and development expenditures

•   The ability to deliver on future plans and to realize potential for future growth

•   The expected operational or financial performance of strategic cooperation activities and joint ventures

•   The time until acquired entities and businesses will be integrated and accretive to income

•   Technology and industry trends including the regulatory and standardization environment in which we operate,
competition and our customer structure.

The words “believe”, “expect”, “foresee”, “anticipate”,
“assume”, “intend”,“likely”, “projects”, “may”, “could”, “plan”, “estimate”, “forecast”, “will”, “should”, “would”,
“predict”, “aim”, “ambition”, “seek”, “potential”, “target”,“might”, “continue”, or, in each case, their negative or variations, and similar words or expressions are
used to identify forward-looking statements. Any statement that refers to expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements.

We caution investors that these statements are subject to risks and uncertainties many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking information and statements.

Important factors that could affect whether and to what extent any of our forward-looking statements materialize include but are not limited to the factors
described in the section Risk Factors.

These forward-looking statements also represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date that they were
made. We expressly disclaim a duty to provide updates to these forward-looking statements, and the estimates and assumptions associated with them, after the date of this
20-F
 , to reflect events or changes in
circumstances or changes in expectations or the occurrence of anticipated events, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange regulation.

ITEM 1. IDENTITY   OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS

Not applicable.

ITEM 2. OFFER   STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE

Not applicable.

ITEM 3. KEY   INFORMATION

A. Selected Financial Data

The selected financial data previously required this Item has been omitted in reliance on SEC Release

No. 33-10890,
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis, Selected Financial Data, and Supplementary Financial Information.

B. Capitalization and Indebtedness

Not applicable.

C.
Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds

Not applicable.

D. Risk Factors

The information set forth under the heading “Financial Report – Risk Factors” of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated
herein by reference.

1

Table of Contents

ITEM 4. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY

A. History and Development of the Company

General facts on the company

Legal and
commercial name of the Parent Company:
Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (publ).

Organization number:
556016-0680

Legal form of the Parent Company:
A Swedish limited liability company, organized under the Swedish Companies Act.

Country of incorporation:
Sweden.

Date of
incorporation:
The Parent Company was incorporated on August 18, 1918, as a result of a merger between AB LM Ericsson & Co. and Stockholms Allmänna Telefon AB.

Domicile:
Our registered office is Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson, SE–164 83 Stockholm, Sweden. Our headquarters are located at Torshamnsgatan
21, Kista, Sweden.

Telephone number:
+46 10 719 0000

Website:
www.ericsson.com
. The information included on our website is not incorporated herein by reference.

In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file
electronically with the SEC:
http://www.sec.gov
.

Agent in the US:
Ericsson Inc., Vice President Legal Affairs, 6300 Legacy Drive, Plano,
Texas 75024. Telephone number: +1 972 583 0000.

Shares:
Ericsson’s Class A and Class B shares are traded on Nasdaq Stockholm. In
the US, our American Depository Shares (ADS), each representing one underlying Class B share, are traded on NASDAQ New York.

Parent company
operations:
The business of the parent company, Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson, consists mainly of corporate management, holding company functions and internal banking activities. Our parent company operations also include customer credit
management activities performed by Ericsson Credit AB on a commission basis.

Subsidiaries and associated companies:
For a list of our significant
subsidiaries, please see “Item 4C. Shares owned directly by the Parent Company ”. We are engaged in a number of minor joint ventures and cooperative arrangements. For more information regarding risks associated with joint ventures,
strategic alliances and third-party agreements, please see “Item 3D. Financial Report–Risk Factors”.

Company history and development

Innovating to empower people, business and society

Our origins date back to 1876 when Alexander Graham Bell filed a patent application in the United States for the telephone. The same year, Lars
Magnus Ericsson opened a small workshop in Stockholm to repair telegraph instruments and sell his own telephone equipment.

Today,
Ericsson enables communications service providers to capture the full value of connectivity. The company’s portfolio spans Networks, Digital Services, Managed Services, and Emerging Business and is designed to help our customers go digital,
increase efficiency and find new revenue streams. Ericsson’s investments in innovation have delivered the benefits of telephony and mobile broadband to billions of people around the world.

The information set forth under the following headings of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference:

•   Financial Report

•   This is Ericsson

•   Business strategy

•   Business model

•   Board of Directors’ Report

•   Business in 2020

•   Financial Highlights – Capital expenditures

For capital expenditures we usually use available cash from operations.

•   Notes to the Consolidated financial statements

•   Note E2 – Business combinations

•   Note H6 – Events after the reporting period

B. Business Overview

The information set forth under the following headings of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference:

•   Financial Report

•   This is Ericsson

•   Business strategy

•   Business model

•   Board of Directors’ report

•   Business in 2020

•   Financial highlights – Research and development, patents and licensing

•   Financial highlights – Seasonality

•   Business results – Segments

2

Table of Contents

•   Business results – Market Areas

•   Sourcing and supply

•   Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility

•   Notes to the consolidated financial statements

•   Note B1 – Segment information

•   Risk factors

•   Risks related to business activities and industry

•   Risks related to Ericsson’s financial situation

•   Legal and regulatory risk

•   Internal control risk

•   Environmental, social and governance risk

•   Corporate Governance Report

•   Regulation and compliance

Disclosure pursuant to Section
 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (ITRA)

Ericsson has conducted business in Iran/Persia since the late nineteenth century, opened an office in Iran in 1973 and later established a local
subsidiary in the country. Ericsson strongly believes in enabling communication for all and believes that access to communications can enable the right to health, education and freedom of expression. Ericsson’s business activities in Iran
principally involve the sale of communications infrastructure related products and services, including support, installation and maintenance services. Ericsson’s exports from the European Union (the “EU”) to Iran are performed under
export licenses from the Swedish Inspectorate of Strategic Products and in compliance with applicable economic sanctions and export controls.

Due to its
operations in Iran, and having staff permanently in the country, Ericsson has contacts with its local customers and retains certain local suppliers, including banks, and service providers. In addition, Ericsson has other dealings incidental to its
local activities, such as making payments for taxes, customs related services, salaries, rents, utilities, local accommodation, transportation, office and similar supplies. As a result, Ericsson has contact with companies and public functions that
may be owned or controlled by the government of Iran. While Ericsson seeks to obtain information regarding the actual business names and ownership of customers and other counterparties in Iran through its policies and procedures designed to ensure
that Ericsson “knows its customers”, it is challenging to determine ownership and control with certainty, particularly with respect to determining whether an entity engaged in commercial activities is owned or controlled by the government.

Ericsson always strives to honor its engagements with existing customers in compliance with applicable export controls, sanctions and other laws, rules
and regulations, carefully evaluates the implications of any sanctions and continues to monitor developments in this area as it relates to the ability to continue delivering products and services to customers. As a result of the US withdrawal from
the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (the JCPOA) in 2018, Ericsson has reduced its business and organization in Iran significantly but still continues to provide critical services and support to its customers in order for their networks to
function. As Ericsson provides such services and support, it may need to interact with other counterparties. Ericsson continues to explore, including with EU and US authorities, whether and how the last years’ disruptive impact on the overall
ability to support its customers can be reduced and, by doing so endeavor to avoid undue impacts on the access of the people of Iran to humanitarian items/basic services such as telecommunications.

During 2020, Ericsson sold communications infrastructure related products and services in Iran to the following telecommunications companies operating in the
country: Mobile Communication Company of Iran (MCCI), and MTN Irancell. During 2020, Ericsson’s gross revenue (reported as net sales) related to sales to MCCI and MTN Irancell in Iran was approximately SEK 168 million. Ericsson does not
normally allocate net profit (reported as net income) on a
country-by-country
 or

activity-by-activity
 basis, other than as set forth in Ericsson’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB. However,
Ericsson has estimated that its operating income (income before taxes and financial net) from such sales was, after internal cost allocation approximately SEK 90 million during 2020.

Ericsson uses the local banks Saman Bank and Pasargad Bank for local transactions in local currency, cash management and deposits. In some instances, Ericsson
has had to arrange performance bonds or similar financial guarantees to secure Ericsson’s performance of obligations under the commercial agreements Ericsson has entered into relating to the business in Iran. In such instances, Ericsson usually
engages its banks outside Iran, who in turn engage local banks in the country. These local banks include Tejarat Bank, Melli Bank, Parsian Bank, Saman Bank and Saderat Bank. Although some bonds and guarantees are still in place, no new performance
bonds or similar guarantees involving these five banks with respect to Ericsson’s business activities in Iran were issued during 2020. During 2020, existing bank guarantees issued by Maskan Bank, Parsian Bank, Post Bank of Iran, Bank Mellat and
Tejarat Bank (local banks in Iran) to secure Iranian customer payment obligations to Ericsson were renewed. Further, some payments made to Ericsson’s local subsidiary and payments required to be made by the local subsidiary to suppliers involve
banks that may be controlled by the government of Iran.

C. Organizational Structure

The following list shows certain shareholdings owned directly and indirectly by our parent company as of December 31, 2020. A complete
list of shareholdings, prepared in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act and filed with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket), may be obtained upon request to: Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson, External Reporting,
SE-164
 83 Stockholm, Sweden.

3

Table of Contents

Shares owned directly by the Parent Company

Company   Reg. No.   Domicile   Percentage of ownership   Par value in local currency, million   Carrying value, SEK million
Subsidiary companies
Ericsson AB   556056-6258   Sweden   100   50   20,731
Ericsson Shared Services AB   556251-3266   Sweden   100   361   2,216
Ericsson Software Technology Holding AB   559094-8963   Sweden   100   —   6
Datacenter i Rosersberg AB   556895-3748   Sweden   100   —   88
Datacenter i Mjärdevi Aktiebolag   556366-2302   Sweden   100   10   69
AB Aulis   556030-9899   Sweden   100   14   6
Ericsson Credit AB   556326-0552   Sweden   100   5   5
Other (Sweden)   —   —   1,709
Ericsson Austria GmbH   Austria   100   4   94
Ericsson Danmark A/S   Denmark   100   90   216
Oy LM Ericsson Ab   Finland   100   13   196
Ericsson France SAS   France   100   21   524
Ericsson Antenna Technology Germany GmbH   Germany   100   2   21
Ericsson Germany GmbH   Germany   100   1   4,232
Ericsson Hungary Ltd.   Hungary   100   1,301   120
L M Ericsson Limited   Ireland   100   4   34
Ericsson Telecomunicazioni S.p.A.   Italy   100   44   3,857
Ericsson Holding International B.V.   The Netherlands   100   222   3,200
Ericsson A/S   Norway   100   75   114
Ericsson Television AS   Norway   100   161   270
Ericsson Corporatia AO   Russia   100   5   5
Ericsson España S.A.   Spain   100   43   14
Ericsson AG   Switzerland   100   —   —
Ericsson Holdings Ltd.   United Kingdom   100   328   10
Other (Europe, excluding Sweden)   —   —   664
Ericsson Holding II Inc.   United States   100   —   25,907
Ericsson Smart Factory Inc.   United States   100   —   191
Companía Ericsson S.A.C.I.   Argentina   95   1)   193   99
Ericsson Canada Inc.   Canada   100   8   51
Belair Networks   Canada   100   108   170
Ericsson Telecom S.A. de C.V.   Mexico   100   939   363
Other (United States, Latin America)   —   —   121
Teleric Pty Ltd.   Australia   100   20   100
Ericsson Ltd.   China   100   2   2
Ericsson (China) Company Ltd.   China   100   65   475
P.T. Ericsson Indonesia   Indonesia   95   3,279   10
Ericsson India Global Services PVT. Ltd   India   100   291   51
Ericsson Kenya Limited   Kenya   100   —   69
Ericsson-LG CO Ltd.   Korea   75   285   2,279
Ericsson (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.   Malaysia   70   2   4
Ericsson Telecommunications Pte. Ltd.   Singapore   100   2   1
Ericsson South Africa PTY. Ltd   South Africa   70   —   135
Ericsson Taiwan Ltd.   Taiwan   90   270   36
Ericsson (Thailand) Ltd.   Thailand   49   2)   90   17
Other countries (the rest of the world)   —   —   316
Total   68,798
Joint ventures and associated companies
Concealfab Co   USA   28   7   64
Leone Media Inc.   USA   49   134   790
Rockstar Consortium Group   Canada   21   1   —
Ericsson Nikola Tesla d.d.   Croatia   49   65   330
Total   1,184

1)   Through subsidiary holdings, total holdings amount to 100% of Compania Ericsson S.A.C.I.

2)   Through subsidiary holdings, total holdings amount to 74% of Ericsson (Thailand) Ltd.

4

Table of Contents

Shares owned by subsidiary companies

Company   Reg. No.   Domicile   Percentage of ownership
Subsidiary companies
Ericsson Cables Holding AB   556044-9489   Sweden   100
Ericsson France SAS   France   100
Ericsson Telekommunikation GmbH 1)   Germany   100
Ericsson Telecommunicatie B.V.   The Netherlands   100
Ericsson Telekomunikasyon A.S.   Turkey   100
Ericsson Ltd.   United Kingdom   100
Creative Broadcast Services Holdings Ltd.   United Kingdom   100
Ericsson Inc.   United States   100
Ericsson Wifi Inc.   United States   100
Redback Networks Inc.   United States   100
Telcordia Technologies Inc.   United States   83
Ericsson Telecomunicações S.A.   Brazil   100
Ericsson Australia Pty. Ltd.   Australia   100
Ericsson (China) Communications Co. Ltd.   China   100
Nanjing Ericsson Panda Communication Co. Ltd.   China   51
Ericsson Japan K.K.   Japan   100
Ericsson Communication Solutions Pte Ltd.   Singapore   100

1)   Disclosures Pursuant to Section 264b of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch – HGB) Applying
Section 264b HGB, Ericsson Holding GmbH and Ericsson Telekommunikation GmbH, located in Frankfurt am Main/Germany, are exempted from the obligation to prepare, have audited and disclose financial statements and a management report in accordance
with the legal requirements being applicable for German corporations.

D. Property, Plant and Equipment

Primary manufacturing and assembly facilities

We continuously adjust our production capacity to meet expected customer demand. During 2020, our overall capacity utilization** was around
62%.

The table below summarizes where we have major sites and the total floor space at
year-end.

All facilities are leased, other than Nanjing (China). The majority of the floor space within our production facilities is used for assembly and test.

2020   2019   2018   2017
Sites   Thousands of sq meters *   Sites   Thousands of sq meters *   Sites   Thousands of sq meters *   Sites   Thousands of sq meters *
Sweden   1   5   1   5   1   5   1   5
China   1   13.9   1   13.9   1   13.9   1   10
Estonia   1   9   1   9   1   8   1   6
Brazil   1   6.5   1   6.7   1   4.3   1   4.5
USA   1   6   0   0   0   0   0   0
Total   5   40.4   4   34.6   4   31.2   4   25.5

*   Floor space in square meters does not include any warehouses or transportation areas.

**   Test capacity utilization.

In March 2020, the Company opened its first fully-automated smart factory in Lewisville, TX, United States. The 300,000 square-foot smart
factory began commercial operations producing millimeter-wave Street Macro base stations, which is key to Ericsson’s 5G portfolio for its North American customers. The company’s direct investment in the factory was approximately USD
$100 million.

In September 2019, the Company announced that its 269,000 square-foot factory in Tallinn, Estonia, was nearing
completion of its
two-year
 digitalization transformation, in the amount of SEK 500 million, to become a 5G manufacturing facility utilizing Ericsson’s own 5G technology. The factory became fully
operational during the first quarter of 2020.

The investments were financed by cash flow from operations or by the financing activities
described in our Swedish Annual Report 2019 and 2020.

The information set forth under the following headings of the 2020 Swedish Annual
Report is incorporated herein by reference:

•   Financial Report

•   Board of Directors’ report

•   Financial highlights – Capital expenditures

•   Notes to the consolidated financial statements

•   Note C2 – Property, plant and equipment

•   Note C3 – Leases

•   Risk factors

•   Legal and regulatory risk

•   Environmental, social and governance risk

ITEM 4A. Unresolved   Staff Comments

None.

ITEM 5.
OPERATING AND FINAN
CIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS

Year-to-year
 comparisons between 2019 and 2018 have been
omitted from this 2020 Form
20-F
 but may be found in “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects” in our Form
20-F
 for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2019, which discussion is incorporated herein by reference.

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/717826/000119312520078974/0001193125-20-078974-index.htm

5

Table of Contents

A. Operating Results

The information set forth under
the following headings of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference:

•   Financial Report

•   This is Ericsson

•   Business strategy

•   Business model

•   Board of Directors’ report

•   Business in 2020

•   Financial highlights

•   Business results – Segments

•   Business results – Market Areas

•   Risk management

•   Notes to the consolidated financial statements

•   Note A1 – Significant accounting policies

•   Note F1 – Financial risk management– Foreign exchange risk

•   Risk Factors

•   Five-year summary – Financial information

•   Five-year summary – Non-Financial

•   Alternative performance measures

B. Liquidity and Capital Resources

The information set forth under the following headings of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference:

•   Financial Report

•   Board of Directors’ report

•   Financial highlights – Cash flow

•   Financial highlights – Financial position

•   Financial highlights – Seasonality

•   Financial highlights – Capital expenditures

•   Notes to the consolidated financial statements

•   Note B9 – Other current liabilities

•   Note D2 – Contingent liabilities

•   Note F1 – Financial risk management

•   Note F4 – Interest-bearing liabilities

•   Note H3 – Statement of cash flows

See “Item 8.B. Financial Information – Significant Changes” herein.

C. Research and Development, Patents and Licenses

The information set forth under the following headings of the 2020Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference:

•   Financial Report

•   Business Strategy – technology leadership

•   Board of Director’s—Research and development, patents and licensing

•   Risk factors – Risks related to busines activities and industry

D. Trend Information

The information set forth under the following headings of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by
reference:

•   Financial Report

•   CEO Comment

•   Board of Directors’ Report

•   Business in 2020

•   Financial highlights – Seasonality

•   Business results – Segments

•   Business results – Market Areas

See “Item 8.B. Financial Information – Significant Changes” herein.

E.
Off-Balance
 Sheet Arrangements

The information set forth under the following headings of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference:

•   Financial Report

•   Board of Directors’ report

•   Financial highlights – Off-balance sheet arrangements

•   Notes to the consolidated financial statements

•   Note A1 – Significant accounting policies

•   Note F1 – Financial Risk Management

•   Note D2 – Contingent liabilities

6

Table of Contents

F. Tabular Disclosure of Contractual Obligations

•   Financial Report

•   Notes to the consolidated financial statements

•   Note D4 – Contractual obligations

ITEM 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES

A. Directors and Senior Management

The information set forth under the following headings of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference:

•   Corporate Governance Report

•   Members of the Board of Directors

•   Members of the Executive Team

See “Item 8.B. Financial Information – Significant Changes” herein.

B. Compensation

The information set forth under the following headings of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference:

•   Financial Report

•   Board of Directors’ report

•   Corporate governance – Remuneration

•   Guidelines for Remuneration to Group Management

•   Notes to the consolidated financial statements

•   Note G1 – Post-employment benefits

•   Note G2 – Information regarding members of the Board of Directors and Group management

•   Note G3 – Share-based compensation

•   Corporate Governance Report

•   Remuneration to Board members

•   Remuneration report

•   Remuneration report 2020

See “Item 8.B. Financial Information – Significant Changes” herein.

C. Board Practices

The information set forth under the following headings of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference:

•   Financial Report

•   Notes to the consolidated financial statements

•   Note G2 – Information regarding members of the Board of Directors and Group management– Comments to the
table

•   Corporate Governance Report

•   Board of Directors – Composition of the Board of Directors and diversity

•   Committees of the Board of Directors – Audit and Compliance Committee

•   Committees of the Board of Directors – Remuneration Committee

See “Item 8.B. Financial Information – Significant Changes” herein.

D. Employees

The information set forth under the following headings of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference:

•   Financial Report

•   Board of Directors’ report

•   Financial Highlights – Employees

•   Notes to the Consolidated financial statements

•   Note G4 – Employee Information

•   Five-year summary – Financial information – Statistical data, year-end

•   Five-year summary – Non-financial information – Statistical
data, year-end

We consider that our relationship with the labor unions that
represent our employees is good.

7

Table of Contents

Number of employees by market area at
year-end

2020   2019   2018
South East Asia, Oceania and India   25,869   24,559   23,959
North East Asia   13,944   13,783   12,788
North America   10,175   9,643   9,727
Europe and Latin America 1)   46,580   47,135   44,621
Middle East and Africa   4,256   4,297   4,264
Total   100,824   99,417   95,359
1) Of which in EU   35,552   37,989   35,268
Of which in Sweden   13,173   12,730   12,502

E. Share Ownership

The information set forth under the following headings of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference:

•   Financial Report

•   The Ericsson share – Shareholders

•   Notes to the consolidated financial statements

•   Notes G2 – Information regarding members of the Board of Directors and Group Management

•   Corporate Governance Report

•   Members of the Board of Directors

•   Members of the Executive Team

•   Remuneration report

•   Remuneration report 2020

ITEM 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

A. Major Shareholders

The information set forth under the following headings of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference:

•   Financial Report

•   The Ericsson Share – Shareholders

•   Corporate Governance Report

•   Governance structure – Ownership structure

B. Related Party Transactions

The information set forth under the following heading of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference.

•   Financial Report

•   Notes to the consolidated financial statements

•   Note H4 – Related party transactions

C. Interests of Experts and Counsel.

Not applicable.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL   INFORMATION

A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information.

The information set forth under the following headings of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference:

•   Financial Report

•   Board of Directors’ report

•   Legal proceedings

•   Parent Company – Proposed disposition of earnings

•   Consolidated financial statements

•   Notes to the consolidated financial statements

•   Report of independent registered public accounting firm

•   Five-year summary – Financial information—Statistical data, year-end

See “Item 8.B. Financial Information – Significant
Changes”, “Item 10.B. Memorandum and Articles of Association – Dividends” and “Item 17. Financial Statements”, herein.

Refer also to item 8.B herein

B. Significant Changes

Not applicable.

ITEM 9.   THE OFFER AND LISTING

A. Offer and Listing Details

The information set forth in Exhibit 2.[3], “Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934.” is incorporated herein by reference.

8

Table of Contents

B. Plan of Distribution

Not applicable.

C.
Markets

The information set forth in Exhibit 2.[3], “Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.” is incorporated herein by reference.

D. Selling Shareholders

Not applicable.

E.
Dilution

Not applicable.

F. Expenses of the Issue

Not applicable.

ITEM 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

A. Share Capital

Not applicable.

B.
Memorandum and Articles of Association

The information set forth in Exhibit 2.[3], “Description of Securities Registered Pursuant
to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.” is incorporated herein by reference.

C. Material Contracts

The information set forth under the following headings of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference:

•   Financial Report

•   Board of Directors’ report

•   Material contracts

D. Exchange Controls

There is no Swedish legislation affecting the import or export of capital or the remittance of dividends, interest or other payments to
non-resident
 holders of our securities, except that, subject to the provisions in any tax treaty, dividends are subject to withholding tax.

E. Taxation

General

The taxation discussion set forth below does not purport to be a complete analysis or listing of all potential tax effects
relevant to the acquisition, ownership or disposition of Class B shares or ADSs. The statements of United States and Swedish tax laws set forth below are based on the laws in force as of the date of this report and may be subject to any changes
in United States or Swedish law, and in any double taxation convention or treaty between the United States and Sweden, occurring after that date, which changes may then have retroactive effect.

Specific tax provisions may apply for certain categories of taxpayers. Your tax treatment if you are a holder of Class B shares or ADSs
depends in part on your particular situation. If you are a holder of Class B shares or ADSs, you should therefore consult a tax advisor as to the tax consequences relating to your particular circumstances resulting from the ownership of
Class B shares or ADSs.

The tax consequences to holders of ADSs, as discussed below, apply equally to holders of Class B
shares.

Certain Swedish Tax Considerations

This section describes the material Swedish income and net wealth tax consequences for a holder of ADSs or Class B shares who is not
considered to be a Swedish resident for Swedish tax purposes. This section applies to you only if you are a holder of portfolio investments representing less than 10% of capital and votes and is not applicable if the ADSs or Class B shares
pertain to a permanent establishment or fixed place of business in Sweden.

Taxation on Capital Gains

Generally,
non-residents
 of Sweden are not liable for Swedish capital gains taxation with respect to
the sale of ADSs or Class B shares. However, under Swedish tax law, capital gains from the sale of shares in Swedish companies and certain other securities by an individual may be taxed in Sweden at a rate of 30% if the seller has been a
resident of Sweden or has lived permanently in Sweden at any time during the year of the sale or the 10 calendar years preceding the year of the sale (absent treaty provisions to the contrary). The provision is applicable to ADSs or Class B
shares. From January 1, 2008, the rule has been extended so that it also applies to shares in foreign companies, provided that the shares were acquired during the time that the person was liable to tax in Sweden.

This provision may, however, be limited by tax treaties that Sweden has concluded with other countries. Under the tax treaty between Sweden
and the United States (the “U.S. Tax Treaty”), this provision applies for ten years from the date the individual became a
non-resident
 of Sweden.

Taxation on Dividends

A Swedish dividend
withholding tax at a rate of 30% is imposed on dividends paid by a Swedish corporation, such as us, to
non-residents
 of Sweden. The same withholding tax applies to certain other payments made by a Swedish
corporation, including payments as a result of redemption of shares and repurchase of stock through an offer directed to its shareholders. Exemption from the withholding tax or a lower tax rate may apply by virtue of a tax treaty. Under the U.S. Tax
Treaty, the withholding tax on dividends paid on portfolio investments to eligible U.S. holders is reduced to 15%.

Under all Swedish tax
treaties, except the tax treaty with Switzerland, withholding tax at the applicable treaty rate should be withheld by the payer of the dividends. With regard to dividends paid from shares in corporations registered with the Euroclear Sweden (such as
our shares), a reduced rate of dividend withholding tax under a tax treaty is generally applied at the source by the Euroclear Sweden or, if the shares are registered with a nominee, the nominee, as long as the person entitled to the dividend is
registered as a
non-resident
 and sufficient information regarding the tax residency of the beneficial owner is available to the Euroclear Sweden or the nominee.

9

Table of Contents

In those cases where Swedish withholding tax is withheld at the rate of 30% and the person
who received the dividends is entitled to a reduced rate of withholding tax under a tax treaty, a refund may be claimed from the Swedish tax authorities before the end of the fifth calendar year following the year that the distribution was made.

Taxation on Interest

No Swedish
withholding tax is payable on interest paid to
non-residents
 of Sweden.

Net Wealth Taxation

The Swedish net wealth tax has been abolished from January 1, 2007.

Certain United States Federal Income Tax Consequences

The following discussion is a summary of the material United States federal income tax consequences relevant to the ownership and disposition
of ADSs or Class B shares. This discussion is based on the tax laws of the United States (including the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), its legislative history, existing and proposed regulations thereunder,
published rulings and court decisions) as in effect on the date hereof, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. The discussion is not a full discussion of all tax considerations that may be relevant to the ownership and
disposition of ADSs or Class B shares, and does not address the Medicare tax on net investment income or the effects of any state, local or foreign tax laws. The discussion applies only if you will hold the ADSs and/or the Class B shares
as capital assets and you use the USD as your functional currency. It does not deal with the tax treatment of investors subject to special rules, such as grantor trusts, real estate investment trusts, regulated investment companies, banks, brokers
or dealers in securities or currencies, traders in securities that elect to use a
mark-to-market
 method of recording for their securities holdings, financial
institutions, insurance companies, persons required to accelerate the recognition of any item of gross income with respect to our ADSs or Class B shares as a result of such income being recognized on an applicable financial statement,
tax-exempt
 entities, investors liable for alternative minimum tax, holders (either actually or constructively) of 10% or more of the voting power or the value of our shares, persons holding ADSs and/or Class B
shares as part of a hedging, straddle, conversion or constructive sale transaction and persons who are resident or ordinarily resident in Sweden. In addition, investors holding ADSs and/or Class B shares indirectly through partnerships are
subject to special rules not discussed below. You should consult your own tax advisors about the United States federal, state, local and foreign tax consequences to you of the ownership and disposition of the ADSs or Class B shares.

The discussion below applies to you only if you are a beneficial owner of ADSs and/or Class B shares not resident in Sweden for purposes
of the U.S. Tax Treaty and you are, for United States federal income tax purposes, (1) a citizen or resident of the United States, (2) a corporation or any other entity treated as a corporation that is organized in or under the laws of the
United States or its political subdivisions, including the District of Columbia, (3) a trust if all of the trust’s substantial decisions are subject to the control of one or more United States persons and the primary supervision of the
trust is subject to a United States court, or if a valid election is in effect with respect to the trust to be taxed as a United States person, or (4) an estate the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless
of its source.

The discussion below assumes that the representations contained in the deposit agreement governing the ADSs are true and
that the obligations in the deposit agreement and any related agreement will be complied with in accordance with the terms. If you hold ADSs, you will be treated as the holder of the underlying Class B shares represented by those ADSs for
United States federal income tax purposes.

Dividends

Subject to the passive foreign investment company rules discussed below, the gross amount of dividends paid (before reduction for any Swedish
withholding taxes) with respect to the ADSs or Class B shares generally will be included in your gross income as ordinary income from foreign sources to the extent paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined for
United States federal income tax purposes). Distributions in excess of earnings and profits will be treated as a
non-taxable
 return of capital to the extent of your adjusted tax basis in the ADSs or
Class B shares and thereafter as capital gain. The dividends will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction available to corporations in respect of dividends received from other U.S. corporations. The amount of any dividend paid in
SEK will be the USD value of the dividend payment based on the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt (or constructive receipt) by you, in the case of Class B shares, or by the depositary, in the case of ADSs, whether or not the payment
is converted into USD at that time. Your tax basis in the SEK received will equal such USD amount. Gain or loss, if any, recognized on a subsequent sale or conversion of the SEK will be U.S. source ordinary income or loss.

If you are a
non-corporate
 holder of ADSs or Class B shares, dividends you receive on the ADSs or
Class B shares may be taxed at the lower applicable long-term capital gains rate provided that (1) we are not a passive foreign investment company (as discussed below) for either our taxable year in which the dividend was paid or the
preceding taxable year, (2) certain holding period requirements are met, (3) you are not under any obligation to make related payments with respect to substantially similar or related property and (4) either (a) in the case of ADSs
our ADSs continue to be listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market (or a national securities exchange that is registered under section 6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) or (b) we are eligible for the benefits of the U.S. Tax Treaty.
You should consult your own tax advisors regarding the availability of the lower rate for dividends paid with respect to ADSs or Class B shares.

Subject to certain limitations, you will generally be entitled to receive credit against your United States federal income tax liability (or a
deduction against your United States federal taxable income) with respect to any Swedish tax withheld in accordance with the U.S. Tax Treaty and paid over to Sweden. If a refund of the tax withheld is available to you under the laws of Sweden or
under the U.S. Tax Treaty, the amount of tax withheld that is refundable will not be eligible for such credit against your United States federal income tax liability (and will not be eligible for the deduction in computing your United States federal
taxable income). For foreign tax credit limitation purposes, dividends will be income from sources without the United States, and will generally be treated as “passive category income” (or, in the case of certain holders, “general
category income”).

Sale or Exchange of ADSs or Class B shares

Subject to the passive foreign investment company rules discussed below, you will generally recognize capital gain or loss on the sale or other
disposition of the ADSs or Class B shares equal to the difference between the USD value of the amount realized and your adjusted tax basis (determined in USD) in the ADSs or Class B shares. Such gain or loss will generally be long-term
capital gain or loss if you have held the ADSs or Class B shares for more than one year, and will generally be treated as arising from U.S. sources for foreign tax credit limitation purposes. If you are a

non-corporate
 holder of ADSs or Class B Shares, long-term capital gains are eligible for reduced rates of taxation. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.

The amount realized on a disposition of ADSs or Class B shares for cash will generally be the amount of cash you receive for the ADSs or
Class B shares (which, in the case of payment in a
non-U.S.
 currency, will equal the USD value of the payment received determined on (a) the date of receipt of payment if you are a cash basis
taxpayer and (b) the date of disposition if you are an accrual basis taxpayer). If the ADSs or Class B shares are treated as traded on an “established securities market” and you are a cash basis taxpayer (or, if you are an
accrual basis taxpayer, if you so elect), you will determine the USD value of the amount realized by translating the amount received at the spot rate of exchange on the settlement date of the sale.

You will have a tax basis in any foreign currency received equal to the USD value thereof on the date of receipt. Any gain or loss you realize
on a subsequent sale or conversion of foreign currency will be U.S. source ordinary income or loss.

Passive Foreign Investment Company Status

A
non-U.S.
 corporation is a passive foreign investment company (a “PFIC”) in any taxable year
in which, after taking into account the income and assets of certain subsidiaries, either (a) at least 75% of its gross income is passive income or (b) at least 50% of the quarterly average value of its assets is attributable to assets
that produce or are held to produce passive income. Based on the market value of our shares, the composition of our assets and income and our operations, we believe we were not a PFIC during the year 2020. However, whether or not we will be
considered a PFIC will depend on the nature and source of our income and the composition and value of our assets, as determined from time to time. If we are treated as a PFIC, we will not provide information necessary for the “qualified
electing fund” election as the term is defined in the relevant provisions of the Code. You should consult your own tax advisors about the consequences of our potential classification as a PFIC.

10

Table of Contents

If we were classified as a PFIC with respect to your ADSs or Class B shares for any
taxable year, we would generally continue to be a PFIC (unless certain conditions are met), and you would be subject to special rules with respect to:

•   any gain realized on the sale or other disposition of ADSs or Class B shares; or

•   any other “excess distribution” made to you (generally, any distributions to you in respect of ADSs or
Class B shares during a single taxable year that are, in the aggregate, greater than 125% of the average annual distributions received by you in respect of ADSs or Class B shares during the three preceding taxable years or, if shorter,
your holding period for ADSs or Class B shares).

Under these rules:

•   the gain or any other excess distribution would be allocated ratably over your holding period for ADSs or
Class B shares;

•   the amount allocated to the taxable year in which the gain or excess distribution was realized and any year
before we became a PFIC would be taxable as ordinary income;

•   the amount allocated to each prior year, other than the current year and any taxable year prior to the first
taxable year in which we were a PFIC, would be subject to tax at the highest applicable marginal tax rate in effect for each such year; and

•   an interest charge would be imposed.

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year, you will also be deemed to own shares in any of our subsidiaries that are also PFICs in such a year. As
an alternative to the special rules described above, holders of “marketable stock” in a PFIC may elect
mark-to-market
 treatment with respect to their ADSs or
Class B shares. ADSs or Class B shares will not be considered marketable stock unless they are regularly traded on a qualified exchange or other market. If the

mark-to-market
 election is available and you elect
mark-to-market
 treatment you will, in
general, include as ordinary income each year an amount equal to the increase in value of your ADSs or Class B shares for that year (measured at the close of your taxable year) and will generally be allowed a deduction for any decrease in the
value of your ADSs or Class B shares for the year but only to the extent of previously included
mark-to-market
 income. In addition, any gain you recognize upon the
sale or other disposition of the ADSs or Class B shares will be treated as ordinary income and any loss will be treated as ordinary loss but only to the extent of previously included
mark-to-market
 income. Any loss in excess of previously included
mark-to-market
 income will be treated as a capital loss.
However, a
mark-to-market
 election would likely be unavailable with respect to your proportionate share in any of our subsidiaries that are PFICs.

If you own ADSs or Class B shares during any year in which we are a PFIC, you will generally be required to make an annual return on IRS
Form 8621.

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

In general, information reporting requirements will apply to dividends paid in respect of ADSs or Class B shares and the proceeds received
on the sale or exchange of the ADSs or Class B shares within the United States or by a broker with certain United States connections. Backup withholding may apply to payments to you of dividends paid in respect of ADSs or Class B shares or
the proceeds of a sale or other disposition of ADSs or Class B shares if you fail to provide an accurate taxpayer identification number (certified on IRS Form W–9) or, upon request, to certify that you are not subject to backup withholding
or otherwise to comply with the applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules. The amount of any backup withholding from a payment to you will be allowed as a credit against your United States federal income tax liability, and a refund of
any excess amount withheld under the backup withholding rules may be obtained by filing the appropriate claim for refund with the Internal Revenue Service and furnishing any required information.

Additional Reporting Requirements

Certain holders who are individuals may be required to report information relating to an interest in ADSs or Class B shares, subject to
certain exceptions (including an exception for ADSs or Class B shares held in accounts maintained by certain financial institutions). Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the effects, if any, of these requirements on their
ownership and disposition of ADSs or Class B shares.

F. Dividends and Paying Agents

Not applicable.

G.
Statement by Experts

Not applicable.

H. Documents on Display

Annual reports and other information are filed with, or furnished to, the SEC in the United States, pursuant to the rules and regulations that
apply to foreign private issuers. Electronic access to these documents may be obtained from the SEC’s website, www.sec.gov, where they are stored in the EDGAR database.

I. Subsidiary Information

See “Item 4.C. Information on the Company – Organizational Structure.”

ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

A. Quantitative information about market risk

The information set forth under the following heading of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference.

•   Financial Report

•   Board of Directors’ report

•   Risk management

•   Notes to the consolidated financial statements

•   Note F1 – Financial risk management

11

Table of Contents

B. Qualitative information about market risk

The information set forth under the following headings of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference:

•   Financial Report

•   Board of Directors’ report

•   Risk management

•   Notes to the consolidated financial statements

•   Note F1 – Financial risk management

•   Corporate Governance Report

•   Management

•   Risk management

C. Interim periods

Not applicable.

D. Safe harbor

Not applicable.

E. Small business issuers

Not
applicable.

12

Table of Contents

ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES

A. Debt Securities

Not applicable.

B.
Warrants and Rights

Not applicable.

C. Other Securities

Not applicable.

D.
American Depositary Shares

Depositary fees, charges and payments

During 2020, an annual service fee of $0.02 was charged per ADS, for the operation and maintenance costs in administering the ADS program. The
Depositary, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas (“Deutsche Bank”), established October 20, 2020 as the record date for payment of annual servicing fees. During 2020, an annual dividend fee of $0.01 was charged per ADS. The
Depositary, Deutsche Bank, established April 2, 2020 and October 2, 2020 as the record dates for payments of the dividend fee.

Fees and
charges payable by ADS holders

Service   Rate   By whom paid
1)   Deposit of shares and issuance of receipts   Up to USD 5 per 100 American Depositary Shares or fraction thereof   Party to whom receipts are issued
2)   Delivery of deposited shares against surrender of receipts   Up to USD 5 per 100 American Depositary Shares or fraction thereof   Party surrendering receipts
3)   Distribution of Cash Dividends and Cash Proceeds processing   Up to USD 3 per 100 American Depositary Shares   All holders of American Depositary Shares
4)   Administration of the ADSs   Up to USD 3 per 100 American Depositary Shares per annum   All holders of American Depositary Shares

In addition to the fees of the Depositary enumerated above, ADS holders are required under the terms of the
Deposit Agreement to bear the following: (i) taxes and other governmental charges, (ii) share transfer registration fees on deposits, (iii) certain cable and facsimile transmission and delivery charges, and (iv) such expenses as
are incurred by Deutsche Bank in the conversion of foreign currency into dollars.

Fees payable by the Depositary to the Issuer

Effective January 2019, Deutsche Bank agreed to pay Ericsson an amount equal to a fixed percentage of the net revenues, if any, collected by it
as a result of charging ADS holders issuance and cancellation fees, and dividend processing and annual servicing fees. In 2020, such amount totaled approximately USD11.5 million.

Effective January 2019, Deutsche Bank waived the cost of providing the ADS program administrative and reporting services to the extent
provided by Deutsche Bank, and has agreed to bear the cost of certain third-party
out-of-pocket
 costs related to the ADS program up to USD 50,000 per year. These costs
include costs for the local custodian’s administration of matters relating to meetings of shareholders and costs of certain transfer agent administration services, such as the registration and transfer of depositary receipts. In 2020, such
amount totaled approximately USD 76,200.

13

Table of Contents

PART II

ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES

None.

ITEM 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS

None.

ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

A. Disclosure Controls and Procedures

The information set forth under the following heading of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference:

•   Corporate Governance Report

•   Internal control over financial reporting – Disclosure controls and procedures

B. Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

The information set forth under the section “Financial Report – Management’s report on internal control over financial
reporting” of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference.

C. Attestation Report of the
Registered Public Accounting Firm

The information set forth under the section “Financial Report – Report of independent
registered public accounting firm” of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference.

D. Changes in
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

The information set forth under the following heading of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is
incorporated herein by reference:

•   Corporate Governance Report

•   Internal control over financial reporting – Internal control over financial reporting

ITEM
16. [RESERVED]

ITEM 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT

The information set forth under the following heading of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference.

•   Corporate Governance Report

•   Committees of the Board of Directors

•   Audit Committee – Members of the Audit Committee

ITEM 16B. CODE OF ETHICS

Our Code of Business Ethics is available on our website at
https://www.ericsson.com/en/about-us/corporate-governance/code-of-ethics
. The Company will promptly disclose to our shareholders, if required by applicable laws or stock exchange requirements, any
amendments to or waivers from the Code of Business Ethics applicable to our directors or officers by posting such information on our website at

https://www.ericsson.com/en/about-us/corporate-governance/code-of-ethics
.

The information set forth under the following headings of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference:

•   Corporate Governance Report

•   Regulation and Compliance – Code of business ethics

ITEM 16C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The information set forth under the Section “Financial Report – Notes to the consolidated financial statements—Note H5 –
Fees to auditors” of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report is incorporated herein by reference.

Audit and Compliance Committee
Pre-Approval
 Policies and Procedures

The Audit and Compliance Committee reviews and approves the
scope of audits to be performed by external and internal auditors and analyzes their results and costs. The Audit and Compliance Committee keeps the Board of Directors informed about the external and internal auditors’ performance. It also
makes recommendations to the Nomination Committee regarding the external auditor’s election and fees. In order to ensure the external auditor’s independence, the Audit and Compliance Committee has established

pre-approval
 policies and procedures for audit and
non-audit
 services to be performed by the external auditor.
Pre-approval

authority may not be delegated to management. The policies and procedures include a list of prohibited services, and audit and
non-audit
 services that require

pre-approval
 by the Committee. Such services fall into two broad categories:

•   General pre-approval – certain services regarding taxes,
transactions, risk management, business improvement, attestation and accounting services and the so called general services (other than prohibited services) have received general pre-approval by the Audit and
Compliance Committee, provided that the estimated fee for each project does not exceed SEK 1 million. The external auditor must advise the Audit and Compliance Committee with a quarterly summary of ongoing projects related to audit and non-audit services and an annual report of fees and expenses for all audit and non-audit services.

•   Specific pre-approval – all other non-audit services and services subject to general pre-approval exceeding SEK 1 million must receive specific pre-approval. The external auditor submits an application in writing to the Parent Company for final approval by the Audit and Compliance Committee, including a statement as to whether, in the view of the external auditor, the contemplated services are consistent
with applicable rules on their independence. The Audit and Compliance Committee Chairman has the delegated authority for specific pre-approval in between Committee meetings, provided that the estimated fee in
each case does not exceed SEK 2.5 million. The Chairman reports any pre-approval to the Audit and Compliance Committee at its next meeting.

All services provided in 2020 by the independent auditors were
pre-approved
 in accordance with the
pre-approval
 policies and procedures described above.

ITEM 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM THE
LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES

All members of the Audit Committee of a NASDAQ New York-listed company must be independent in
accordance with NASDAQ New York and SEC rules. SEC Rule
10A-3(b)(1)(iv)(C)
 under the Exchange Act includes a specific exemption from these independence requirements for Audit Committee members of foreign
private issuers who are
non-executive
 employee representatives appointed to the Audit Committee pursuant to local law. The Company relies on this exemption, and does not consider that such reliance materially
adversely affects the ability of the Audit and Compliance Committee to act independently or to satisfy other SEC requirements applicable to Audit Committees.

14

Table of Contents

ITEM 16E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED
PURCHASERS

None.

ITEM 16F. CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT

The Nomination Committee, which is comprised of the Chair of the Board of
Directors and representatives of Ericsson’s largest shareholders by voting power, is responsible for proposing the external auditor for election by the shareholders, upon recommendation from the Audit and Compliance Committee of the Board of
Directors. Under applicable auditor rotation rules, Ericsson was required to change auditors from its previous auditor Pricewaterhouse Coopers AB no later than in 2021. In light of the foregoing and to secure a timely auditor relation, in 2018,
Ericsson initiated a tendering process, overseen by the Audit and Compliance Committee, for appointment of Ericsson’s auditor for the financial year 2020 to be elected by the shareholders at the 2020 Annual General Meeting of shareholders, held
on March 31, 2020 (“2020 AGM”). Based on the results of this tendering process, the Audit and Compliance Committee recommended the Nomination Committee to propose that Deloitte AB (“Deloitte”) be elected new auditor at the
2020 AGM. The Nomination Committee’s proposal to elect Deloitte as new auditor, was made public by the Company on February 21, 2020. During the 2020 AGM, Deloitte was elected new auditor for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020
and after the 2020 AGM, PwC resigned as auditors.

In respect of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 and the subsequent interim period through March 31, 2020:

•   PwC did not issue any report on Ericsson’s consolidated financial statements or on the effectiveness of
Ericsson’s internal control over financial reporting that contained an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion. The relevant PwC auditor’s reports were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles.

•   there has not been any disagreement with PwC on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial
statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreement, if not resolved to PwC’s satisfaction, would have caused PwC to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its auditor’s reports, or
any reportable event as described in Item 16F(a)(1)(v) of Form 20-F.

Ericsson provided PwC with
a copy of the foregoing disclosure in connection with its Annual Report on Form
20-F
 for the year ended December 31, 2020, and requested that they furnish it with a letter addressed to the US Securities
and Exchange Commission stating whether it agrees with such disclosure and, if not, stating the respects in which it does not agree. A copy of PwC’s letter dated March 25, 2021, in which they stated that they agree with such disclosure, is
incorporated by reference as Exhibit 16.1.

In respect of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 and the subsequent interim period through March 31, 2020,
neither:

the Company nor anyone on its behalf consulted Deloitte regarding either the application of accounting principles to a specific transaction,
either completed or proposed; or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company’s consolidated financial statements, and either a written report was provided to the Company or oral advice was provided that Deloitte concluded
was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to the accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue, or regarding any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement (as defined in Item 16F(a)(1)(iv)) or a
reportable event (as defined in Item 16F(a)(1)(v)).

ITEM 16G. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Ericsson, as a company whose shares are listed on NASDAQ New York, is subject to the listing requirements and certain of the corporate
governance requirements of NASDAQ New York and to certain rules of the SEC.

Under NASDAQ New York rules, all members of the audit
committee of a NASDAQ New York- listed company must be independent in accordance with SEC rules. SEC rules include a specific exemption from these independence requirements for an employee of a foreign private issuer who is not an executive officer
if the employee is elected or named to the board of directors or audit committee pursuant to the issuer’s governing law or documents, or other home country legal or listing requirements
.
The Company relies on this exemption and does not
consider that such reliance materially adversely affects the ability of the Audit and Compliance Committee to act independently or to satisfy other SEC requirements applicable to audit committees.

Under NASDAQ New York rules, Ericsson is permitted to follow home country practices in lieu of certain NASDAQ corporate governance
requirements that would apply to US companies listed on NASDAQ New York. The rules require disclosures regarding the ways in which Ericsson’s corporate governance practices differ from those required of US companies under the rules of NASDAQ
New York.

These differences include the following:

•   Employee representatives are appointed to Ericsson’s Board of Directors and serve on Committees (including
the Audit and Compliance Committee and the Remuneration Committee) in accordance with Swedish law.

•   Employee representatives on the Ericsson Board and committees may attend all meetings of the Board and committees
on which they serve (including those of the Audit and Compliance Committee and the Remuneration Committee) in accordance with Swedish law.

•   In accordance with Swedish market practices, the Nomination Committee is not fully comprised of Board members. In
addition to the Chair of the Board, representatives of the four largest shareholders are members of the current Nomination Committee of Ericsson.

•   The determination regarding independence of Board members is made by the Nomination Committee (instead of the
Board) prior to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (“AGM”). Before the AGM 2020, the Nomination Committee determined that the following Board members were independent under all applicable independence requirements, including the
NASDAQ New York rules: Jon Fredrik Baksaas, Jan Carlson, Nora Denzel, Eric A. Elzvik, Kurt Jofs and Kristin S. Rinne. When appointing members to the committees of the Board, the Board makes determinations regarding committee member independence.

•   The Board holds non-executive directors’ sessions but does not have
regularly scheduled meetings with only independent directors present.

•   Under applicable Swedish rules, Ericsson is not required to publicly disclose the material terms of all
agreements and arrangements between its directors or nominees for director and any person or entity (other than Ericsson) relating to compensation or other payment in connection with such person’s candidacy or service as a director of the
company.

•   The external auditor is elected by the shareholders and is proposed by the Nomination Committee upon
recommendation from the Audit and Compliance Committee.

•   NASDAQ New York rules applicable to US companies require the consideration of six factors relating to the
independence of compensation consultants, legal counsel or other advisers retained by compensation or remuneration committees. Consistent with Swedish practices, the Remuneration Committee’s procedures addressing independence of advisers do not
expressly require the consideration of those six factors.

•   Ericsson does not solicit proxies for shareholder meetings, which is in accordance with Swedish practices and
rules.

•   There are no minimum quorum requirements for shareholder meetings under Swedish law, except under certain limited
circumstances. Certain resolutions requiring special quorums and majorities are described under Memorandum and Articles of Association.

•   Some of the requirements addressed by NASDAQ New York rules are included in the Swedish Corporate Governance Code
or the work procedure for the Board instead of committee charters. The work procedure establishes the attribution of various responsibilities among the Board, its committees and the President and CEO. The work procedure for the Board is reviewed,
evaluated and amended as required or appropriate, and adopted by the Board at least once a year.

See “Item 8.B.
Financial Information – Significant Changes” herein.

15

Table of Contents

ITEM 16H. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE

Not applicable.

PART III

ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

See our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report.

•   Consolidated income statement and Consolidated statement of comprehensive income

•   Consolidated balance sheet

•   Consolidated statement of cash flows

•   Consolidated statement of changes in equity

•   Notes to the consolidated financial statements

•   Report of independent registered public accounting firm

ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Not applicable.

ITEM 19. EXHIBITS

16

Table of Contents

EXHIBIT INDEX

The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this 2020 Form
20-F
 are not intended to
provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves, and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular, any representations and warranties made by the
registrant in these agreements or other documents were made solely within the specific context of the relevant agreement or document and may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time.

Securities Exhibit

Exhibit Number   Description
1   Articles of Association of Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (amended April 2016) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1 to the Annual Report
 on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2016 filed by the registrant on April 26, 2017 (File No 000-12033)
2.1   Second Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement Among Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (publ) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as depositary,
 and holders of American Depositary Receipts, dated as of January 7, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2 to the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2014 filed
by the registrant on March 31, 2015 (File No. 000-12033)
2.2   Amendment No. 1, dated as of October
24, 2016, to the Second Amended and Restated Deposit Agreement Among Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (publ) and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as depositary, and holders of American Depositary Receipts, dated as of January
7, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2016 filed by the registrant on April 26, 2017 (File No. 000-12033)
2.3   Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
6   See “Financials – Notes to the consolidated financial statements – Note A1—Significant accounting policies” of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report
7   For definitions of certain ratios used in this report, see the section of the 2020 Swedish Annual Report entitled “Financial Terminology”
8   See Item 4.C. Organizational Structure
11   Code of Ethics (amended October 2019, available on our website at https://www.ericsson.com/en/about-us/corporate-governance/code-of-ethics)
12.1   Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
12.2   Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
13.1*   Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
13.2*   Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
15.1**   Swedish Annual Report for 2020 in English (adjusted version)
15.2   Consent of Deloitte AB
15.3   Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers AB
16.1   Letter from PricewaterhouseCoopers AB regarding change in registrants’ certifying accountant, dated March 25, 2021
101**   XBRL Instance Document and related items

17

Table of Contents

Exhibit Number   Description
101.INS***   XBRL Instance Document.
101.SCH***   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.
101.CAL***   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.
101.DEF***   XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document.
101.LAB***   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.
101.PRE***   XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.

*   This certification will not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act (15
U.S.C. §78r), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Registrant
specifically incorporates it by reference.

**   Certain of the information included in Exhibit 15.1 is incorporated by reference into this 2020 Form 20-F, as specified elsewhere in this report, in accordance with Rule 12b-23(a)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. With the exception of the items so
specified, the 2019 Swedish Annual Report is not deemed to be filed as part of this 2020 Form 20-F.

***   In accordance with Rule 406T(b)(2) of Regulation S-T, such XBRL
information will be furnished and not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, will be deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, and otherwise will not be subject to liability under those sections.

18

Table of Contents

SIGNATURES

The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form
20-F
 and that
it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this Annual Report on Form
20-F
 on its behalf.

TELEFONAKTIEBOLAGET LM ERICSSON
By:   /s/ JONAS STRINGBERG
Name:   Jonas Stringberg
Title:   Vice President, Head of Financial Control and Business Services

By:   /s/ XAVIER DEDULLEN
Name:   Xavier Dedullen
Title:   Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer

Date March 25, 2021

19
