                                                                                      Downer EDI Limited
                                                                                     ABN 97 003 872 848
                                                                                 Triniti Business Campus
                                                                                            39 Delhi Road
                                                                                  North Ryde NSW 2113

                                                                                        1800 DOWNER
                                                                                 www.downergroup.com




7 February 2019



Company Announcements Office
ASX Limited
Exchange Centre
Level 4, 20 Bridge Street
SYDNEY NSW 2000




Dear Sir/Madam


Please find attached the following documents:
   1. Appendix 4D – results for announcement to the market for the half-year ended
      31 December 2018;
   2. Condensed Consolidated Half-year Financial Report dated 31 December 2018;
   3. Market release dated 7 February 2019; and
   4. Investor Presentation.


Yours sincerely,
Downer EDI Limited




Robert Regan
Company Secretary




                                                                                       Page 1 of 1
Results for announcement to the market
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

Appendix 4D

                                                                                       31 Dec 2018 31 Dec 2017                %
                                                                                              $'m          $'m              change

Revenue from ordinary activities                                                            6,304.6         5,798.5
Other income                                                                                   19.9             4.6
Total revenue and other income from ordinary activities                                     6,324.5         5,803.1          9.0%

Total revenue including joint ventures and other income                                     6,623.0         6,100.5          8.6%

Earnings before interest and tax                                                              236.6            52.3       352.4%

Earnings before interest and tax and amortisation of acquired
intangible assets (EBITA)                                                                     268.0            83.0       222.9%

Profit / (loss) from ordinary activities after tax attributable to members
of the parent entity                                                                          134.2           (11.1)     1309.0%

Profit from ordinary activities after tax before amortisation of acquired
intangible assets (NPATA)                                                                     163.4             5.7      2766.7%

                                                                                       31 Dec 2018 31 Dec 2017                %
                                                                                            cents        cents              change

Basic earnings per share                                                                       22.0            (2.6)      946.2%

Diluted earnings per share(i)                                                                  21.7            (2.6)      934.6%

Net tangible asset backing per ordinary share                                                 (17.7)           36.1      (149.0%)


(i)
      At 31 December 2017, the ROADS are deemed anti-dilutive and consequently, diluted EPS remained at (2.6) cents per share.




Dividend                                                                               31 Dec 2018 31 Dec 2017
                                                                                           Interim      Interim

Dividend per share (cents)                                                                     14.0            13.0
Franked amount per share (cents)                                                                7.0             6.5
Conduit foreign income (CFI)                                                                   50%             50%
Dividend record date                                                                     21/02/2019       7/03/2018
Dividend payable date                                                                    21/03/2019       4/04/2018


Redeemable Optionally Adjustable Distributing Securities (ROADS)
Dividend per ROADS (in Australian cents)                                                        2.06           1.99
New Zealand imputation credit percentage per ROADS                                             100%           100%

ROADS payment date                                                        Quarter 1       Quarter 2
Instalment date FY2019                                                   17/09/2018      17/12/2018
Instalment date FY2018                                                   15/09/2017      15/12/2017

Downer EDI's Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) has been suspended.

For commentary on the results for the period and review of operations, please refer to the Directors' Report and separate
media release attached.
Downer EDI Limited
   ABN: 97 003 872 848

Condensed Consolidated
   Financial Report
    for the half-year
ended 31 December 2018
Condensed Consolidated Financial Report
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

Contents

Directors' Report
Page 2

Auditor's signed reports
Page 18           Auditor's Independence Declaration
Page 19           Independent Auditor's Report

Financial Report
Page 21             Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
Page 22             Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
Page 23             Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
Page 24             Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report

A About this         B   Business             C   Capital structure    D    Other                 E   Other
  report                 performance              and financing             disclosures

    Page 25            Page 26 - 29               Page 30 - 35              Page 36 - 42              Page 43 - 50
                    B1 Segment               C1   Borrowings          D1    Trade and other      E1   New accounting
                       information                                          receivables               standards
                    B2 Profit from           C2   Financing facilities D2   Trade and other
                       ordinary activities                                  payables
                    B3 Earnings per          C3   Issued capital      D3    Property, plant
                       share                                                and equipment
                    B4 Subsequent            C4   Reserves            D4    Intangible assets
                       events
                                             C5   Dividends           D5    Joint
                                                                            arrangements and
                                                                            associate entities

                                                                      D6    Contingent
                                                                            liabilities
                                                                      D7    Acquisition and
                                                                            disposal of
                                                                            businesses



Directors' Declaration
Page 51




                                                                                                                       1
DIRECTORS’ REPORT
For the half-year ended 31 December 2018


The Directors of Downer EDI Limited (Downer) submit the condensed consolidated financial report of the
Company for the half-year ended 31 December 2018. In accordance with the provisions of the Corporations
Act 2001 (Cth), the Directors’ Report is set out below:


Directors

The names of the Directors of the Company during, or since the end of, the half-year are:

R M Harding (Chairman, Independent Non-executive Director)
G A Fenn (Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer)
S A Chaplain (Independent Non-executive Director)
P S Garling (Independent Non-executive Director)
T G Handicott (Independent Non-executive Director)
N M Hollows (Independent Non-executive Director)
C G Thorne (Independent Non-executive Director)



REVIEW OF OPERATIONS

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

Downer EDI Limited (Downer) is a leading provider of integrated services in Australia and New Zealand.
Downer exists to create and sustain the modern environment and its promise is to work closely with its
customers to help them succeed, using world leading insights and solutions to design, build and sustain
assets, infrastructure and facilities. Downer employs more than 53,000 people, mostly in Australia and New
Zealand but also in the Asia-Pacific region, South America and Southern Africa. Downer reports its results
under five service lines and an outline of each service line is set out below.

TRANSPORT

Transport comprises Downer’s Road Services, Transport Infrastructure, and Rail businesses.

         Total revenue1 (HY19)                                                 EBITA2 (HY19)
                                              31.2%                                                       30.0%




     Transport
1 Total revenue is a non-statutory disclosure and includes revenue, other income and notional revenue from joint ventures and other
alliances not proportionately consolidated. Due to rounding, divisional percentages do not add up precisely to 100%.
2 Downer calculates EBITA by adjusting EBIT to add back acquired intangibles amortisation expense.




                                                                                                                                 2
Road Services

Downer offers one of the largest non-government owned road infrastructure services businesses in Australia
and New Zealand, maintaining more than 33,000 kilometres of road in Australia and more than 25,000
kilometres in New Zealand.

Downer delivers a wide range of tailored pavement treatments and traffic control services and also provides
high-level capabilities in strategic and tactical asset management, network planning and intelligent transport
systems. The Company continues to invest in state-of-the-art technology to drive innovation and
performance, including asphalt plants that use more recycled products and substantially less energy.

Downer is also a leading manufacturer and supplier of bitumen based products and a provider of soil and
pavement stabilisation, pressure injection stabilisation, pavement recycling, pavement profiling, spray sealing
and asset management.

Downer’s Road Services customers include all of Australia’s State Road Authorities, the New Zealand
Transport Agency and the majority of local government councils and authorities in both countries.

Transport Infrastructure

Transport Infrastructure includes rail construction, light rail construction, rail systems, transport mechanical
and electrical construction, car park construction, airport pavements, port construction and associated
maintenance services.


Rail

Downer is Australia's leading provider of passenger rolling stock asset management services. Downer
partners with its customers to deliver reliable and safe solutions across all transport domains including heavy
rail, electric and diesel trains, light rail, bus and multi-modal transport solutions.

Downer’s track record spans project management services, engineering design, systems engineering,
supply chain engagement, systems integration, manufacturing, logistics, testing, commissioning, asset
management, fleet maintenance, rail infrastructure design and construction, and through-life-support and
operations.

The Keolis Downer joint venture is Australia’s largest private provider of multi-modal public transport
solutions, with contracts to operate and maintain Yarra Trams in Melbourne, the Gold Coast light rail system
in Queensland, and a new integrated public transport system for the city of Newcastle in New South Wales.
Keolis Downer is also one of Australia’s most significant bus operators with operations in South Australia,
Western Australia and Queensland. Keolis Downer provides more than 210 million passenger trips each
year.

Downer’s Rail customers include Sydney Trains, Transport for NSW, Public Transport Authority (WA), Metro
Trains Melbourne, Public Transport Victoria, and Queensland Rail.

Downer is currently working on the Sydney Growth Trains (SGT) project in New South Wales and the High
Capacity Metro Trains (HCMT) project in Victoria.




                                                                                                             3
UTILITIES

The Utilities service line provides complete lifecycle solutions to customers in the power, gas, water,
renewable energy and communications sectors.


       Total revenue1 (HY19)                                                  EBITA2 (HY19)
                                          18.4%                                                          22.1%




     Utilities
1 Total revenue is a non-statutory disclosure and includes revenue, other income and notional revenue from joint ventures and other
alliances not proportionately consolidated. Due to rounding, divisional percentages do not add up precisely to 100%.
2 Downer calculates EBITA by adjusting EBIT to add back acquired intangibles amortisation expense.

Power and Gas

Downer offers customers a wide range of services including planning, designing, constructing, operating,
maintaining, managing and decommissioning power and gas network assets.

Downer maintains over 110,000 kilometres of electricity and gas networks across more than 185,000 square
kilometres and connects tens of thousands of new power and gas customers each year for customers across
all States of Australia and both islands in New Zealand. Downer also designs and constructs steel lattice
transmission towers, designs and builds substations, and maintains large and complex power and gas
reticulation networks.

Customers include AusNet, ElectraNet, Transgrid, Powerco, Wellington Electricity and Powerlink.

Water

Downer provides complete water lifecycle solutions for municipal and industrial water users, with expertise
including waste and waste water treatment, pumping and water transfer, desalination, water re-use,
abstraction and dewatering.

Downer supports its customers across the full asset lifecycle from the conceptual development of a project
through design, construction, commissioning and optimisation.
Customers include Auckland Council, Invercargill City Council, Logan City Council, Mackay Regional
Council, Melbourne Water, Queensland Urban Utilities, Tauranga City Council, Yarra Valley Water, Wagga
Wagga City Council, Watercare and Horowhenua Council (Alliance).

Renewable energy

Downer is one of Australia’s largest and most experienced providers in the renewable energy market,
offering design, build and maintenance services for wind farms and solar farms.

Downer offers the services required for the entire asset life-cycle including procurement, assembly,
construction, commissioning and maintenance.

Communications

Downer provides an end-to-end infrastructure service offering comprising feasibility, design, civil
construction, network construction, commissioning, testing, operations and maintenance across fibre, copper
and radio networks in Australia and New Zealand.
Customers include nbn™, Telstra, Chorus, Spark, Enable and Vodafone.




                                                                                                                                 4
FACILITIES
The Facilities service line operates in Australia and New Zealand providing outsourced facility services,
hospitality, catering and laundry services, building, technical and engineering services, maintenance and
asset management services and refrigeration solutions to various industries.



      Total revenue1 (HY19)                                                 EBITA2 (HY19)
                                               25.3%                                                        27.7%




     Facilities
1 Total revenue is a non-statutory disclosure and includes revenue, other income and notional revenue from joint ventures and other
alliances not proportionately consolidated. Due to rounding, divisional percentages do not add up precisely to 100%.
2 Downer calculates EBITA by adjusting EBIT to add back acquired intangibles amortisation expense.

Facilities delivers services to customers in a diverse range of industry sectors including: defence; education;
government; healthcare; senior living; sports and venues; resources; leisure and hospitality; airports;
industrial; commercial; property; utilities and public private partnerships.

Facilities businesses includes Spotless, AE Smith, Alliance, Ensign, EPICURE, Hawkins, Mustard, Nuvo,
Skilltech, Taylors and TGS.

Its customers include corporations and government departments, agencies and authorities at the Federal,
State and Municipal level.

Infrastructure & Construction
M&E (mechanical and electrical) and HVAC (heating, ventilation and air conditioning) services are provided
to customers in markets including health, education, commercial & industrial, defence, justice and transport.

AE Smith and Nuvo provide services across the asset lifecycle from design through to commissioning, fine-
tuning and maintenance to more than 2,000 commercial facilities in Australia and New Zealand.

Key customers include Probuild, Watpac, Lendlease, John Holland, Crown Casino, Honeywell and University
of Melbourne.


Government
Integrated facilities management, business process outsourcing, and operational support services are
provided to a range of government customers.


Key customers include NSW Department of Education, Victorian Department of Education, SA Department
of Planning, Transport and Infrastructure, SA Health, The Housing Authority of WA and Children’s Health
Partnership.




                                                                                                                                 5
Hospitality & Facilities Management
Integrated facilities management services are provided to customers in markets including education,
healthcare, airports, business and industry, hospitality, retail, stadia, functions, and special events.


Key customers include Melbourne Cricket Club, Virgin Airlines, Taronga Zoo, Brisbane City Hall and
Emirates.


Laundries
Linen and garment services are provided to social infrastructure, industry, accommodation and resources
customers in Australia and New Zealand, with 16 laundries processing more than 100,000 tonnes of laundry
a year.


Key customers include Ramsay Health, HealthScope, WA Health, SA Health, St John of God, and Inghams.


Defence
Downer delivers a range of facilities and asset management services for the Australian Government
Department of Defence and the New Zealand Defence Force. These services include management services,
cleaning and housekeeping, estate upkeep, pest and vermin control and treatment, reprographic services,
sport and recreation, training area and range services, and transport and air operations.
Key customers include the Australian Department of Defence and NZ Defence Force.



ENGINEERING, CONSTRUCTION AND MAINTENANCE (EC&M)

Downer works with customers in the public and private sectors delivering services including design,
engineering, construction, maintenance and ongoing management of critical assets.



         Total revenue1 (HY19)                                               EBITA2 (HY19)
                                               14.3%                                                      7.6%




     EC&M

1 Total revenue is a non-statutory disclosure and includes revenue, other income and notional revenue from joint ventures and other
alliances not proportionately consolidated. Due to rounding, divisional percentages do not add up precisely to 100%.
2 Downer calculates EBITA by adjusting EBIT to add back acquired intangibles amortisation expense.

Multi-disciplined teams project manage and self-execute a wide range of services for greenfield and
brownfield projects across a range of industry sectors including: oil and gas; power generation; commercial /
non-residential; iron ore; coal; and industrial materials. These services are delivered on complex resources
and industrial sites as well as commercial operations with critical infrastructure requirements such as data
centres, airport facilities and hospitals.




                                                                                                                                 6
Downer supports customers across all stages of the project lifecycle with services including:
    feasibility studies;
    engineering design;
    civil works;
    structural, mechanical and piping;
    electrical and instrumentation;
    mineral process equipment design and manufacture;
    commissioning;
    maintenance;
    shutdowns, turnarounds and outages;
    strategic asset management; and
    decommissioning.

Customers include Chevron, Alcoa, Bechtel, BHP Billiton, Newcrest, Orica, Origin Energy, Powerlink
Queensland, Rio Tinto, and Santos.


MINING

Downer is one of Australia’s leading diversified mining contractors serving its customers across more than 50
sites in Australia, Papua New Guinea, South America and Southern Africa.

          Total revenue1 (HY19)                                               EBITA2 (HY19)
                                                                                                          12.6%
                                              10.8%




     Mining

1 Total revenue is a non-statutory disclosure and includes revenue, other income and notional revenue from joint ventures and other
alliances not proportionately consolidated. Due to rounding, divisional percentages do not add up precisely to 100%.
2 Downer calculates EBITA by adjusting EBIT to add back acquired intangibles amortisation expense.

Downer’s Mining division generates its revenues primarily from open cut mining and blasting services, with
contributions also from tyre management and underground mining. Downer supports its customers at all
stages of the mining lifecycle including:

         asset management;
         blasting services, explosives manufacture and supply;
         civil projects (mine site infrastructure);
         crushing;
         exploration drilling;
         mine closure and mine site rehabilitation;
         mobile plant maintenance;
         open cut mining;
         training and development for ATSI employees;
         tyre management (through the subsidiary Otraco International); and
         underground mining.

Customers include BHP Mitsubishi Alliance, Roy Hill Iron Ore, Glencore, Karara Mining, Millmerran Power
Partners, Newmarket Gold, Newmont, Rio Tinto, Stanwell Corporation, OZ Minerals and Yancoal Australia.




                                                                                                                                 7
GROUP FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

For the six months ended 31 December 2018, Downer reported increases in total revenue, in earnings
before interest, tax and amortisation of acquired intangibles assets (EBITA) and in net profit after tax (NPAT).

The main features of the result for the six months ended 31 December 2018 were:

    •   Total revenue of $6.6 billion, up 8.6%;
    •   EBITA of $268.0 million, up from $83.0 million;
    •   Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) of $236.6 million, up from $52.3 million;
    •   Statutory net profit after tax and before amortisation of acquired intangible assets (NPATA) of $163.4
        million, up from $5.7 million and up 23.8% from underlying NPATA of $132.0 million; and
    •   Statutory net profit after tax (NPAT) of $141.4 million.


REVENUE

Total revenue for the Group increased by $522.5 million, or 8.6%, to $6.6 billion.

Transport revenue increased by 0.8% or $16.2 million to $2.1 billion despite the revenue lost following the
divestment of the freight rail business in the prior period. This was mainly driven by continuing strong
performance in the Road Services business in both Australia and New Zealand, ongoing investment in
transport projects in Australia and strong performance in the Rail business, mainly from the Sydney Growth
Trains and High Capacity Metro Trains projects but also from the Waratah maintenance contract.

Utilities revenue increased by 27.5% to $1.2 billion, due to continuing strong contributions from nbnTM
contracts in Australia as well as new renewable energy projects.

Facilities revenue decreased 2.8% to $1.7 billion. The major contributors to this result were Government-
related contracts, Public Private Partnerships (PPPs), construction projects and lifecycle maintenance
contracts in Spotless and contribution from building activities in New Zealand.

EC&M revenue increased by 34.1% to $945.1 million as a result of increased activities on the Ichthys project
in the Northern Territory and the six month contribution from MHPS following acquisition. This increase was
partially offset by a reduction in activities on the Wheatstone project in Western Australia following
completion.

Mining revenue increased by 3.6% to $714.2 million, mainly due to increased activities at Blackwater and
Carrapateena and contribution from new contracts, although this was partially offset by the completion of the
Boggabri contract in the first half of 2018.


EXPENSES

Total expenses increased by 5.9% compared to the prior corresponding period (pcp) which includes $139.3
million of Individually Significant Items (ISIs). Excluding these ISIs, total expenses increased by 8.5% which
is in line with the increase in total revenue and as explained below.

Employee benefits expenses increased by 13.7%, or $272.1 million, to $2.3 billion and represent 37.0% of
Downer’s cost base. This increase is mainly due to higher activity across the Group and a more labour
intensive contract base compared to pcp.

Subcontractor costs increased by 12.1% or $210.4 million to $1.9 billion and represent 31.9% of Downer’s
cost base. This increase is a result of higher contract activities and the change in the subcontractor mix on
some contracts during the period.

Raw materials and consumables costs decreased by 2.3% to $1.1 billion and represent 17.3% of Downer’s
cost base. The decrease is driven by the net impact of the divestment of Freight Rail, lower material
requirements and the completion of contracts in Mining.




                                                                                                           8
Plant and equipment costs decreased by 2.6% to $339.1 million and represent 5.6% of Downer’s cost base.
The lower increase in plant and equipment costs compared to other types of expenses reflects a less capital-
intensive business coupled with more efficient maintenance practices.

Depreciation and amortisation decreased by 4.8% or $8.8 million to $176.4 million and represent 2.9% of
Downer’s cost base. This decrease is mainly due to project completion in Mining partially offset by an
additional $0.7 million in amortisation on acquired intangible assets following several bolt-on acquisitions.

Other expenses, which include communication, travel, occupancy and professional fees costs, decreased
$99.0 million due to the once-off pre-tax ISIs in pcp. Excluding ISIs, other expenses would have increased by
12.8% to $328.8 million and represent 5.4% of Downer’s cost base. The increase is due to bid costs incurred
during the period and the continuous investment in governance and risk management functions.


EARNINGS

Statutory EBITA for the Group increased by 20.6% to $268.0 million compared to underlying EBITA of
$222.3 million in pcp. The increase is primarily from Mining, Utilities, Transport and Facilities, partially offset
by a lower contribution from EC&M. The six month EBITA result includes a $17.0 million fair value gain on
revaluation of existing interest in the Downer Mouchel joint venture. This gain arises from the revaluation of
the proportion of the joint venture already owned by Downer.

NPATA for the Group increased by 23.8% to $163.4 million.

Transport EBITA increased by 9.7% to $87.9 million due to continued strong performance in road
maintenance in Australia and New Zealand and higher contributions from the Waratah TLS contract and
from the SGT and HCMT projects. This was partially offset by the divestment of Freight Rail in 2H18 and
lower performance by the New Zealand infrastructure projects business.

Utilities EBITA increased by 19.6% to $64.7 million, driven by a strong performance from Communications
and higher contribution from the Water business in Australia and New Zealand partially offset by
underperformance in a solar contract.

Facilities EBITA increased by 5.6% to $81.3 million mainly driven by growth in Hospitality & FM related
contracts.

EC&M EBITA decreased by 4.7% to $22.4 million due to the completion of contracts (including Gorgon and
Wheatstone). This was partially offset by strong performance at Ichthys, contribution from the MHPS
acquisition, and improved results from the resources related consultancies (QCC Resources and Mineral
Technologies).

Mining EBITA increased by 76.6% to $36.9 million predominantly due to continued strong performance on
ongoing and new contracts.

Corporate costs increased by $8.9 million to $42.2 million mainly due to continuous investment in business
development, systems, governance and risk management functions.

The effective tax rate is 27.3% which is lower than the statutory rate of 30.0% due to the impact of non-
taxable distributions from joint ventures and lower overseas tax rates (e.g. New Zealand).




                                                                                                               9
GROUP FINANCIAL POSITION

Funding, liquidity and capital are managed at Group level, with Divisions focused on working capital and
operating cash flow management.

OPERATING CASH FLOW

Operating cash flow was strong at $355.3 million, up 15.7% from pcp due to strong contract performance,
distributions from equity accounted investment and contribution from acquisitions, representing cash
conversion of 90.7% of adjusted earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA).

INVESTING CASH

Total investing cash flow was $265.7 million, $381.7 million lower than pcp as the prior period included an
$391.8 million payment in relation to the additional interest acquired in Spotless. Excluding the Spotless
payment, investing cash flow increased by 4.0% or $10.1 million reflecting payments made for acquisitions
during the period, offset by lower capital expenditure requirements.

The business, however continued to invest in capital equipment to support the existing contracted operations
and future operations, resulting in net capital expenditure of $175.4 million and $16.3m payment for lease
assets.

DEBT AND BONDING

The Group’s performance bonding facilities totalled $2,269.7 million at 31 December 2018 with $752.8
million undrawn. There is sufficient available capacity to support the ongoing operations of the Group.

As at 31 December 2018, the Group had liquidity of $1.4 billion comprising cash balances of $505.3 million
and undrawn committed debt facilities of $855.0 million.

The Group continues to be rated BBB (Stable) by Fitch Ratings.

BALANCE SHEET

The net assets of Downer decreased by 5.9% to $3.0 billion, predominantly due to the impact of the adoption
of AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. This resulted in an opening retained
earnings adjustment of $258.0 million (after-tax). Adjusting for the impact of AASB 15, net assets increased
by $70.5 million.

Cash and cash equivalents decreased by $100.9 million, or 16.6%, to $505.3 million reflecting $106.3 million
of external borrowing repayments made during the period, $52.9 million consideration paid in relation to
business acquisitions and final working capital adjustment on the divestment of Freight Rail in FY18; offset
by continued strong operating cash flows.

Net debt of $940.0 million has remained consistent to 30 June 2018 as lower borrowing levels (following
Spotless debt and MTNs repayments) were offset by reduced cash balances. Gearing at 31 December 2018
of 23.8% is higher than 30 June 2018 (22.7%) but lower compared to 1H18 (24.6%). This increase is due to
a lower equity balance of $258.0 million following adoption of AASB15. Adjusting for the impact of the
AASB15 adoption, gearing would have been 22.3%.


Current trade and other receivables decreased by $135.7 million to $1,986.2 million reflecting the impact on
adoption of AASB 15 and strong cash collections.

Inventories increased by $38.3 million to $307.1 million reflecting higher activities and higher bitumen levels.

Current tax assets decreased by $68.9 million due to the timing of cash tax payments.




                                                                                                           10
Interest in joint ventures and associates decreased by $0.4 million. This represents, $4.0 million interest
reduction in MHPS Plant Services Pty Ltd following the 100% ownership acquired during the period, $10.1
million of distributions received, offset by Downer’s share of net profits from joint ventures and associates of
$13.5 million.

Property Plant and Equipment increased by $58.2 million as capital expenditure incurred during the period
exceeded the depreciation expense.
Intangible assets increased by $70.1 million arising from $97.2 million in additional goodwill and other
acquired intangible assets recognised from the acquisitions made during the period; offset by $46.4 million
amortisation in the period mainly related to Spotless’ acquired intangible assets.
Total trade and other payables increased by $105.5 million or 4.6% primarily due to higher business activity
and timing of payments. Trade and other payables represent 51.9% of Downer’s total liabilities.

Other financial liabilities of $75.9 million decreased by $1.5 million and represent 1.6% of Downer’s total
liabilities. The decrease mainly reflects deferred consideration paid for acquisitions made during previous
periods.

Deferred tax liability of $110.0 million primarily represents temporary differences arising from work in
progress, property plant and equipment and the recognition of acquired intangibles.

Provisions of $578.8 million increased by $88.3 million mainly from the recognition of new Royal Adelaide
Hospital contract provision and increase in employee related provisions. Provisions represent 12.5% of
Downer’s total liabilities. Employee provisions (annual leave and long service leave) made up 66.6% of this
balance with the remainder covering surplus lease contracts provisions and return conditions obligations for
leased assets and property and warranty obligations.

Shareholder equity decreased by $189.8 million driven by a $258.0 million cumulative opening retained
earnings adjustment following adoption of AASB 15 and $87.4 million of dividend payments made during the
period. This was offset by the net profit after tax of $141.4 million. Net foreign currency gains on translation
of foreign operations, particularly in New Zealand, resulted in a movement in the foreign currency translation
reserve of $8.3 million.




                                                                                                          11
DIVIDENDS

The Downer Board resolved to pay an interim dividend of 14.0 cents per share, 50% franked (13.0 cents per
share 50% franked in the prior corresponding period), payable on 21 March 2019 to shareholders on the
register at 21 February 2019. The unfranked portion of the dividend (50%) will be paid out of Conduit Foreign
Income (CFI).

The Board also determined to continue to pay a fully imputed dividend on the ROADS security, which having
been reset on 15 June 2018 has a yield of 6.15% per annum payable quarterly in arrears, with the next
payment due on 15 March 2019. As this dividend is fully imputed (the New Zealand equivalent of being fully
franked), the actual cash yield paid by Downer will be 4.43% per annum for the next 12 months.


ZERO HARM

Downer’s Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) decreased from 0.69 to 0.68 and Total Recordable Injury
Frequency Rate (TRIFR) reduced from 3.38 to 3.09 per million hours worked.



                                                             Downer Group Safety Performance
                                                             (12-month rolling frequency rates)
         2.00   3.38                                                                                                                                3.50
                                                                            LTIFR        TRIFR


                                                                                                                                             3.09
                                                                                                                                                    3.00


 LTIFR                                                                                                                                                     TRIFR
         1.00
                0.69
                                                                                                                                             0.68   2.50




         0.00                                                                                                                                       2.00

                Dec-17   Jan-18   Feb-18   Mar-18   Apr-18         May-18       Jun-18     Jul-18   Aug-18   Sep-18   Oct-18   Nov-18   Dec-18




OUTLOOK

Downer has increased its target guidance for FY19 to $352 million consolidated net profit after tax and
before amortisation of acquired intangible assets (NPATA) before minority interests.

The increase takes into account the fair value gain of $17 million from acquiring the remaining 50% of the
Downer Mouchel JV in late 1H19.




                                                                                                                                                     12
GROUP BUSINESS STRATEGIES AND PROSPECTS FOR FUTURE FINANCIAL YEARS

The Downer Group comprises a diverse collection of businesses. Downer’s Purpose is to create and sustain
the modern environment by building trusted relationships with customers. Downer’s Promise is to work
closely with its customers to help them succeed, using world-leading insights and solutions. Downer’s
business is founded on four Pillars which support our Purpose and Promise: Safety, Delivery, Relationships,
Thought Leadership.

Downer’s strategy focuses on Zero Harm, driving improvement in existing businesses and operations,
investing in targeted growth opportunities, and creating new positions in appropriate markets.

Downer’s strategic objectives, prospects, and the risks that could adversely affect the achievement of these
objectives, are set out in the table below.


 Strategic           Prospects                                Risks and risk management
 Objective
 Maintain focus      Downer recognises that a sustainable     Downer’s approach to Zero Harm enables the
 on Zero Harm        and embedded Zero Harm culture is        Company to work safely, sustainably and
 as a                fundamental to the Company’s future      environmentally responsibly where there are
 cornerstone of      success.                                 inherent hazardous environments.
 the Safety pillar
                     Zero Harm means working in an            Downer has implemented a strong Critical Risk
                     environment that supports the health     program throughout its business. This program
                     and safety of its people, allows it to   has provided Downer with the opportunity to
                     deliver its business activities in an    understand the risks in its business that could
                     environmentally sustainable manner,      cause serious injury to people or the
                     and advances the communities in          environment. That knowledge has enabled
                     which it operates.                       Downer to implement a program to eliminate or
                                                              control those risks, and to monitor the
                     This requires strong commitment to       performance of those critical controls.
                     Downer’s Zero Harm objectives from
                     all levels of the business. Downer’s     Each Downer Division has in place a Zero
                     Zero Harm culture is built on leading    Harm management system, certified as a
                     and inspiring, managing risk,            minimum to AS/NZS 4801 or BS OHSAS
                     rethinking processes, applying           18001, and ISO 14001. Each management
                     lessons learnt, and adopting and         system is reviewed regularly, undergoing
                     adapting practices that aim to achieve   internal and external audit.
                     zero work-related injuries and
                     minimise environmental harm.
 Embed asset         Downer has established an Asset &        The expectations of Downer’s customers, and
 management          Data Management Office (ADMO) to         their customers, continue to grow with regards
 and data            coordinate the Group’s extensive         to reliable, intuitive, and cost-effective assets
 analytics as a      asset management knowledge and           and services.
 cornerstone of      expertise and use it, for example, to
 the Delivery        improve the efficiency of its            Downer has invested in capability and talent to
 pillar              customers’ operations.                   improve asset management, data analytics
                                                              and life cycle performance analytics. A number
                     As a leader in asset management,         of these investments have Group-wide
                     Downer aims to adopt and implement       application in addition to their bespoke
                     world leading insights and solutions.    customer benefit.
                     The proliferation of data points and
                     connected devices allows for more        Risks to be managed include: not delivering
                     data and business intelligence to be     value-added services to customers and so
                     captured. This information can be        reducing the need for integrated services
                     used to drive service improvement        partners; scope reduction by customers who
                     and improve asset performance.           elect to use pure maintenance / blue collar
                                                              services; and an inability to deliver obligations
                                                              in performance frameworks and service
                                                              outcome contracts.




                                                                                                           13
Strategic         Prospects                                 Risks and risk management
Objective
Improve           Providing valuable and reliable           Relationships creating success continues to be
engagement        products and services to customers,       Downer’s core operating philosophy that drives
with customers    and their customers, is at the heart of   delivery of projects and services. It helps to
as a              Downer’s culture. It enables Downer’s     ensure investment, initiatives and activities are
cornerstone of    customers to focus more on their core     focused on helping Downer’s customers to
the               expertise while Downer delivers non-      succeed.
Relationships     core operational services.
pillar                                                      Building on existing expertise across the
                  Through ongoing analysis of markets,      Group, Downer is developing a more
                  customers and competitors, Downer is      coordinated and structured approach to
                  well positioned to improve value and      customer engagement, business development
                  service for its customers and their       and market participation. This will improve
                  customers.                                Downer’s ability to compete and win in the
                                                            markets and sectors in which it operates.

                                                            Risks to be managed include: the threat of new
                                                            competitors and disruptors in traditional
                                                            markets; not keeping pace with changing
                                                            customer expectations; and the threat of
                                                            commoditisation of core products and services.

Embed             Technology is an inherent feature of      Downer is investing in operational technology,
operational       today’s world and there is therefore      “apps”, platforms and partnerships to meet
technology into   greater demand for technology in          customer needs. Downer is focused on
core service      Downer’s projects and services.           selecting the right operational technology
offerings as a                                              investments, for example those that can be
cornerstone of    Customer operations are growing in        leveraged across a number of service lines to
our Thought       complexity and this creates               maximise value for the greatest number of
Leadership        opportunities for Downer to connect,      customers.
pillar            manage, monitor and report on core
                  services and infrastructure.              Risks to be managed include: intensification of
                                                            competition as customers converge into large
                                                            single market procurement channels;
                                                            introduction of foreign and technology based
                                                            competitors that bring a different value
                                                            proposition; and a need for greater investment
                                                            in technology and data services.




                                                                                                        14
The following table provides an overview of the key prospects relevant to each of Downer’s service lines and
summarises Downer’s intended strategic response across each sector to maximise the Company’s
performance and realise future opportunities.

 Service line        Prospects                                     Downer’s response
 Transport           The multi-billion dollar market for           Downer is a market leader in road
                     transport infrastructure and services         services in both Australia and New
                     continues to exhibit good growth in both      Zealand, light rail construction in Australia
                     Australia and New Zealand. Governments        and heavy rail construction and
                     in both countries continue to invest in a     maintenance in Australia.
                     range of projects to reduce congestion,
                                                                   In recent years, Downer’s strategy has
                     improve mobility, and provide better
                                                                   focused on journey management, asset
                     linkages between communities.
                                                                   stewardship, congestion management,
                     The cost of bidding for major projects is     and urban revitalisation. The ability to
                     high and project risks can be significant,    deal with these issues through
                     so Downer is selective about the projects     infrastructure services and solutions is
                     for which it bids.                            critical to driving the Downer business
                                                                   forward and to provide increasing value to
                     Looking forward, potential outsourcing
                                                                   Downer’s customers and their end
                     and franchising opportunities across the
                                                                   customers.
                     transport sector may further expand
                     Downer’s portfolio in public transport        Downer maintains strong strategic
                     operations.                                   partnerships with leading global transport
                                                                   solutions providers and, through this
                                                                   model, is pursuing opportunities in rolling
                                                                   stock manufacture and maintenance, and
                                                                   transport network operations and
                                                                   maintenance.
                                                                   The Keolis Downer joint venture is a
                                                                   leading Australian multi-modal transport
                                                                   operator, through its light rail and bus
                                                                   operations.
 Utilities           Growth across power and gas utility           Downer has market leading positions in
                     markets is multi-faceted with a good          the electricity, water, gas and
                     pipeline of prospects in both Australia and   telecommunications sectors in both
                     New Zealand.                                  Australia and New Zealand.
                     Activity in telecommunications markets        Downer is strongly positioned to take
                     continues to be dynamic, with large           advantage of the growth opportunities
                     capital builds in both Australia and New      available in these sectors, with a
                     Zealand coming to a close. Downer’s           demonstrable track record of excellence
                     view is that the timing of these large        in service delivery, and a greater focus on
                     network builds will extend beyond most        introducing operational technology to
                     analysts’ predictions. However, increasing    improve the value Downer brings to
                     demand for data services will see a solid     customers.
                     baseload of activity in this sector
                     remains.
 Facilities          Large-scale and long-term outsourcing         Through the acquisition of Spotless,
                     contracts continue come to market,            Downer is now a major force in both
                     however the long-term nature of contracts     Australia and New Zealand with market
                     in this sector means that a lot of work is    leading positions across key sectors
                     already under contract.                       including: defence; health; education;
                                                                   corrections; commercial; stadia and open
                     The defence, health, education,
                                                                   space management; leisure; and
                     corrections, and commercial markets
                                                                   resources.
                     continue to provide a range of
                     opportunities on the short-to-medium term     There is a focus on leveraging both
                     horizon in both Australia and New             businesses’ scale and routes to market to
                     Zealand.                                      position the Group’s core services
                                                                   offerings in an integrated way.




                                                                                                          15
Service line   Prospects                                 Downer’s response
EC&M           New resources-related infrastructure      Downer is a market leader in electrical
               projects have appeared on the horizon,    and instrumentation work, particularly in
               while Downer expects the next round of    the oil & gas sector, and is growing its
               LNG opportunities to be smaller,          structural mechanical piping business.
               brownfield expansions.
                                                         Downer has experience working on all of
                                                         the recent Australian major oil & gas
                                                         developments. While the first phase of
                                                         major LNG construction comes to an end,
                                                         Downer is growing its market share in the
                                                         maintenance of these facilities.
                                                         Outside of oil & gas, Downer continues to
                                                         be a major player in the delivery of
                                                         resources related engineering,
                                                         construction and maintenance services
                                                         with long and enduring relationships with
                                                         all of Australia’s major mining and
                                                         industrial customers.
                                                         In 2018, Downer merged its Mining and
                                                         EC&M Divisions. This has enhanced
                                                         Downer’s ability to offer customers a
                                                         portfolio of complementary services in the
                                                         resources, energy, power generation and
                                                         industrial sectors. The Mining, Energy and
                                                         Industrial Division provides customers
                                                         with safe, quality, cost efficient and
                                                         technology-enabled solutions and
                                                         services.
Mining         The contract mining sector has            Downer is one of Australia's leading
               experienced a recovery over the past 12   diversified mining contractors offering
               months, with volume increases at some     customers open cut mining services,
               existing mines and new contracts also     underground mining services, tyre
               coming to the market.                     management, drill and blast, and asset
                                                         management.
               Mine owners are seeking to maximise
               supply chain benefits, which opens        In 2018, Downer merged its Mining and
               opportunities for contractors to work     EC&M Divisions. This has enhanced
               collaboratively with them to drive        Downer’s ability to offer customers a
               productivity improvements and reduce      portfolio of complementary services in the
               production costs.                         resources, energy, power generation and
                                                         industrial sectors. The Mining, Energy and
                                                         Industrial Division provides customers
                                                         with safe, quality, cost efficient and
                                                         technology-enabled solutions and
                                                         services.




                                                                                              16
Auditor’s independence declaration

The auditor’s independence declaration, as required under Section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001, is set
out on page 18.

Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.

On behalf of the Directors




R M Harding
Chairman
Sydney, 7 February 2019




                                                                                                     17
Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration under
Section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001

 To the Directors of Downer EDI Limited

 I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the review of Downer EDI Limited for
 the half-year ended 31 December 2018 there have been:
          i.       no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the Corporations
                   Act 2001 in relation to the review; and
          ii.      no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the review.




 KPM_INI_01
KPMG




Cameron Slapp
Partner

Sydney
7 February 2019

 PAR_SIG_01     PAR_NAM_01     PAR_POS_01      PAR_DAT_01       PAR_CIT_01




                             KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG
                             network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG            Liability limited by a scheme approved under   18
                             International Cooperative (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity.   Professional Standards Legislation.
Independent Auditor’s Review Report

To the Shareholders of Downer EDI Limited

Conclusion

We have reviewed the accompanying                                        The Condensed Consolidated Half-year
Condensed Consolidated Half-year Financial                               Financial Report comprises:
Report of Downer EDI Limited.
                                                                          • Condensed Consolidated Statement of
Based on our review, which is not an audit, we                                Financial Position as at 31 December 2018
have not become aware of any matter that
makes us believe that the Condensed
                                                                          • Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or
                                                                              Loss and Other Comprehensive Income,
Consolidated Half-year Financial Report of
                                                                              Condensed Consolidated Statement of
Downer EDI Limited is not in accordance with
                                                                              Changes in Equity and Condensed
the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                                                                              Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the
• giving a true and fair view of the Group’s                                  half-year ended on that date
    financial position as at 31 December 2018
    and of its performance for the half-year
                                                                          • Notes A to E comprising a summary of
                                                                              significant accounting policies and other
    ended on that date; and
                                                                              explanatory information
• complying with Australian Accounting
    Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial
                                                                          • The Directors’ Declaration.
    Reporting and the Corporations Regulations                           The Group comprises Downer EDI Limited (the
    2001.                                                                Company) and the entities it controlled at the half
                                                                         year’s end or from time to time during the half-year.



Responsibilities of the Directors for the Condensed Consolidated Half-year Financial Report

The Directors of the Company are responsible for:
•   the preparation of the Condensed Consolidated Half-year Financial Report that gives a true and
    fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001
•   for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the
    Condensed Consolidated Half-year Financial Report that is free from material misstatement,
    whether due to fraud or error.




          KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG          Liability limited by a scheme approved under
          network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG               Professional Standards Legislation.
          International Cooperative (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity.                                                      19
Auditor’s responsibility for the review of the Condensed Consolidated Half-year Financial
Report

Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the Condensed Consolidated Half-year Financial
Report based on our review. We conducted our review in accordance with Auditing Standard on
Review Engagements ASRE 2410 Review of a Financial Report Performed by the Independent
Auditor of the Entity, in order to state whether, on the basis of the procedures described, we have
become aware of any matter that makes us believe that the Condensed Consolidated Half-year
Financial Report is not in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 including: giving a true and fair
view of the Group’s financial position as at 31 December 2018 and its performance for the half-year
ended on that date; and complying with Australian Accounting Standard AASB 134 Interim Financial
Reporting and the Corporations Regulations 2001. As auditor of Downer EDI Limited, ASRE 2410
requires that we comply with the ethical requirements relevant to the audit of the annual financial
report.
A review of a Condensed Consolidated Half-year Financial Report consists of making enquiries,
primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and
other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in
accordance with Australian Auditing Standards and consequently does not enable us to obtain
assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit.
Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.
In conducting our review, we have complied with the independence requirements of the Corporations
Act 2001.




KPMG




Cameron Slapp
Partner

Sydney
7 February 2019




        KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG
                                                                                                                           20
                                                                            Liability limited by a scheme approved under
        network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG            Professional Standards Legislation.
        International Cooperative (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity.
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

                                                                                                                            Dec         Dec
                                                                                                                           2018        2017
                                                                                                      Note                 $'m          $'m

Revenue from ordinary activities                                                                        B2(a)          6,304.6     5,798.5
Other income                                                                                            B2(a)             19.9         4.6
Total revenue and other income                                                                                         6,324.5     5,803.1

Employee benefits expense                                                                               B2(b)         (2,254.5)    (1,982.4)
Subcontractor costs                                                                                                   (1,945.1)    (1,734.7)
Raw materials and consumables used                                                                                    (1,057.5)    (1,082.5)
Plant and equipment costs                                                                                               (339.1)      (348.1)
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                          D3,D4            (176.4)      (185.2)
Other expenses from ordinary activities                                                                                 (328.8)      (427.8)
Total expenses                                                                                                        (6,101.4)    (5,760.7)

Share of net profit of joint ventures and associates                                                       D5              13.5         9.9

Earnings before interest and tax                                                                                         236.6        52.3

Finance income                                                                                                              4.1         3.4
Finance costs                                                                                                             (46.2)      (44.4)
Net finance costs                                                                                                         (42.1)      (41.0)

Profit before income tax                                                                                                 194.5         11.3
Income tax expense                                                                                                       (53.1)       (27.2)
Profit / (Loss) after income tax                                                                                         141.4        (15.9)

Profit / (Loss) for the period is attributable to:
  - Non-controlling interest                                                                                               7.2         (4.8)
  - Members of the parent entity                                                                                         134.2        (11.1)
Profit / (Loss) for the period                                                                                           141.4        (15.9)

Other comprehensive income

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
  - Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                                                       7.8        (8.1)
  - Net gain / (loss) on foreign currency forward contracts taken to equity                                                 4.2        (2.5)
  - Net gain / (loss) on cross currency and interest rate swaps taken to equity                                             1.3        (0.4)
  - Available-for-sale reserve transferred to profit or loss                                                                  -        (0.6)
  - Income tax relating to components of other comprehensive income                                                        (1.7)        0.6
Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the period (net of tax)                                                            11.6       (11.0)

Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the period is attributable to:
 - Non-controlling interest                                                                                                (0.6)        0.7
 - Members of the parent entity                                                                                            12.2       (11.7)
Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the period                                                                         11.6       (11.0)

Total comprehensive income / (loss) for the period                                                                       153.0        (26.9)

Earnings per share (cents)
 - Basic earnings per share                                                                                B3              22.0        (2.6)
                              (i)
 - Diluted earnings per share                                                                              B3              21.7        (2.6)
(i)   At 31 December 2017, the ROADS are deemed anti-dilutive and consequently, diluted EPS remained at (2.6) cents per share.


The condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income should be read in
conjunction with the accompanying notes on pages 25 to 50.




                                                                                                                                              21
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
as at 31 December 2018

                                                                                                 Dec            Jun
                                                                                                2018           2018
                                                                                Note            $'m             $'m
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                                      505.3          606.2
Trade and other receivables                                                       D1         1,986.2        2,121.9
Other financial assets                                                                          45.5           18.6
Inventories                                                                                    307.1          268.8
Current tax assets                                                                               0.4           69.3
Prepayments and other assets                                                                    42.4           48.8
Total current assets                                                                         2,886.9        3,133.6

Non-current assets
Trade and other receivables                                                                     72.3          117.7
Interest in joint ventures and associates                                         D5            95.6           96.0
Property, plant and equipment                                                     D3         1,338.6        1,280.4
Intangible assets                                                                 D4         3,120.8        3,050.7
Other financial assets                                                                          23.3           15.5
Deferred tax assets                                                                            108.4           75.5
Prepayments and other assets                                                                    16.2           18.8
Total non-current assets                                                                     4,775.2        4,654.6
Total assets                                                                                 7,662.1        7,788.2

LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                          D2         2,359.8        2,281.6
Borrowings                                                                        C1             9.9          153.7
Other financial liabilities                                                                     55.1           43.2
Employee benefits provision                                                                    347.0          336.7
Provisions                                                                                      72.6           50.7
Current tax liabilities                                                                         32.5           15.7
Total current liabilities                                                                    2,876.9        2,881.6

Non-current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                                        53.8           26.5
Borrowings                                                                        C1         1,426.1        1,367.5
Other financial liabilities                                                                     20.8           34.2
Employee benefits provision                                                                     38.3           38.0
Provisions                                                                                     120.9           65.1
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                       110.0          170.2
Total non-current liabilities                                                                1,769.9        1,701.5
Total liabilities                                                                            4,646.8        4,583.1
Net assets                                                                                   3,015.3        3,205.1

EQUITY
Issued capital                                                                    C3         2,425.1        2,421.9
Reserves                                                                          C4           (15.3)         (26.9)
Retained earnings                                                                              456.6          655.1
Parent interests                                                                             2,866.4        3,050.1
Non-controlling interest                                                          D7           148.9          155.0
Total equity                                                                                 3,015.3        3,205.1

The condensed consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes
on pages 25 to 50.




                                                                                                                 22
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018


                                                                                                        Total
                                                                                                attributable
                                                                                                 to owners          Non-
Dec 2018                                                       Issued                  Retained        of the controlling
$'m                                                            capital Reserves        earnings       parent     interest                 Total

Balance at 30 June 2018                                       2,421.9         (26.9)       655.1        3,050.1         155.0        3,205.1
Opening balance adjustment on application of
AASB 15 (i)                                                           -            -      (245.3)        (245.3)            (12.7)   (258.0)
Balance at 1 July 2018                                        2,421.9         (26.9)       409.8        2,804.8         142.3        2,947.1
Profit after income tax                                               -            -       134.2          134.2               7.2     141.4
Other comprehensive income / (loss) for the
period (net of tax)                                                   -        12.2             -          12.2              (0.6)        11.6


Total comprehensive income for the period                             -        12.2        134.2          146.4               6.6     153.0
Vested executive incentive share transactions                      3.2         (3.2)            -             -                 -            -
Share-based employee benefits expense                                -          1.6             -           1.6                 -          1.6
Income tax relating to share-based transactions
during the period                                                     -         1.0            -            1.0                 -        1.0
Payment of dividends (ii)                                             -           -        (87.4)         (87.4)                -      (87.4)
Balance at 31 December 2018                                   2,425.1         (15.3)       456.6        2,866.4         148.9        3,015.3

(i)
       Refer to Note E1 for details on opening balance adjustments made on application of new accounting standards.
(ii)
       Payment of dividend relates to the 2018 final dividend and $4.1m ROADS dividends paid during the financial period.




                                                                                                        Total
                                                                                                attributable
                                                                                                 to owners          Non-
Dec 2017                                                       Issued                  Retained        of the controlling
$'m                                                            capital Reserves        earnings       parent     interest                 Total

Balance at 1 July 2017                                        2,421.8         (10.9)       740.4        3,151.3         435.2        3,586.5
Profit after income tax                                               -            -       (11.1)         (11.1)             (4.8)     (15.9)
Other comprehensive (loss) / income for the
period (net of tax)                                                   -       (11.7)            -         (11.7)              0.7      (11.0)
Total comprehensive loss for the period                               -       (11.7)       (11.1)         (22.8)             (4.1)     (26.9)
Capital raising costs net of tax                                  (0.1)           -             -          (0.1)                -         (0.1)
Vested executive incentive shares transactions                     0.2         (0.2)            -             -                 -            -
Share-based employee benefits expense                                -          2.0             -           2.0                 -          2.0
Income tax relating to share-based transactions
during the period                                                     -         0.5            -            0.5             -           0.5
Payment of dividends(i)                                               -           -        (75.3)         (75.3)            -         (75.3)
Acquisition of non-controlling interest                               -           -            -              -        (280.6)       (280.6)
Balance at 31 December 2017                                   2,421.9         (20.3)       654.0        3,055.6         150.5        3,206.1

(i)
       Payment of dividend relates to the 2017 final dividend and $4.0m ROADS dividends paid during the financial period.

The condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes on
pages 25 to 50.




                                                                                                                                     23
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018
                                                                                              Dec            Dec
                                                                                             2018           2017
                                                                             Note            $'m             $'m

Cash flows from operating activities
Receipts from customers                                                                   7,260.7        6,446.5
Distributions from equity accounted investees                                  D5            10.1            7.3
Payments to suppliers and employees                                                      (6,911.7)      (6,121.7)
Interest received                                                                             3.8            4.1
Interest and other costs of finance paid                                                    (39.1)         (38.4)
Income tax received                                                                          31.5            9.3
Net cash generated by operating activities                                                  355.3          307.1

Cash flows from investing activities
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                          7.7            13.1
Payments for property, plant and equipment                                                (183.1)         (201.5)
Payments for intangible assets                                                             (14.5)          (29.2)
Payments for acquisition of Spotless                                                           -          (391.8)
Payments for businesses acquired                                               D7          (46.0)          (37.6)
Divestment of Freight Rail                                                     D7           (6.9)              -
Advances to joint ventures                                                                  (8.3)           (4.9)
Payments for leased assets                                                                 (16.3)              -
Proceeds from sale of assets                                                                   -             4.5
Recovery of acquisition of business                                                          1.7               -
Net cash used in investing activities                                                     (265.7)         (647.4)

Cash flows from financing activities
Issue of shares (net of costs)                                                                  -           (0.2)
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                  1,008.3          498.8
Repayments of borrowings                                                                 (1,114.6)        (435.1)
Dividends paid                                                                              (87.4)         (75.3)
Net cash used in financing activities                                                      (193.7)         (11.8)

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                 (104.1)         (352.1)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                                   606.2           844.6
Effect of exchange rate changes                                                              3.2            (2.1)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period                                         505.3           490.4

The condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes on
pages 25 to 50.




                                                                                                                  24
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018



         A
         About this report


Statement of compliance and basis of preparation
The condensed consolidated half-year Financial Report (Financial Report) represents the consolidated results of Downer
EDI Limited (ABN 97 003 872 848). The Financial Report is a general purpose financial statement which has been prepared
in accordance with AASB 134 Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) , and with IAS 34 Interim
Financial Reporting.

The Financial Report does not include all the information required for an annual financial report and should be read in
conjunction with the 2018 Annual Report.

Accounting policies are selected and applied in a manner that ensures the resulting financial information satisfies the
concepts of relevance and reliability, thereby ensuring that the substance of the underlying transactions or other events is
reported. The accounting policies and methods of computation applied in the Financial Report are consistent with those of
the previous financial year and corresponding interim reporting period except for the adoption of the new revenue standard
AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers and AASB 9 Financial Instruments during the six months to 31
December 2018.

The Group has initially adopted these new accounting standards and their impact is disclosed in Note E1. In accordance
with elections available under the relevant accounting standards, new accounting policies are only effective from 1 July
2018 and comparative information is not restated and continues to be prepared under policies disclosed in the 30 June
2018 Financial Report.

Amounts in the Financial Report are presented in Australian dollars unless otherwise noted and has been prepared on a
historical cost basis, except for revaluation of certain financial instruments.

The Financial Report was authorised for issue by the Directors on 7 February 2019.

Rounding of amounts
Downer is a company of the kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial / Directors’ reports) Instrument
2016/191 , relating to the “rounding off” of amounts in the Directors' Report and consolidated financial statements. Unless
otherwise expressly stated, amounts have been rounded off to the nearest whole number of millions of dollars and one
place of decimals representing hundreds of thousands of dollars in accordance with that Instrument. Amounts shown as $-
represent amounts less than $50,000 which have been rounded down.

Accounting estimates and judgements
Significant judgement, estimates and assumptions about future events are made by management when applying accounting
policies and preparing the Financial Report which are consistent with those described in the 2018 Annual Report except for
the new significant judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty related to the adoption of the new revenue
standard AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers during the six months to 31 December 2018, which are
described in Note E1.

The Half Year Financial Report does not include full note disclosures of the type required in an Annual Report.




                                                                                                                      25
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018


             B
             Business performance


        B1. Segment information                                                  B3. Earnings per share
        B2. Profit from ordinary activities                                      B4. Subsequent events

B1. Segment information
An operating segment is a component of an entity that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenue
and incur expenses. The operating segments have been identified based on the nature of the service provided and the
internal reports that are reviewed regularly by the Group CEO in assessing performance and in determining the
allocation of resources.
During the period, the composition of business units within operating segments was realigned to better reflect how the
Group’s chief operating decision maker assesses performance and allocates Group resources. As a result, the
Infrastructure Projects NZ, Building Projects NZ and Defence business units (previously reported as part of the EC&M
segment), were reallocated to the Transport, Facilities and Utilities segments respectively; the UASG business unit
(previously reported as part of the Facilities segment) has been reallocated to the Utilities segment; and the Rail
Services business unit (previously the Rail segment) has been included as part of the Transport segment. The new
structure better aligns the segment reporting with Downer’s end-markets and management reporting structure.

Accordingly, the Group has restated the previously reported segment information for the half year ended 31 December
2017. The reportable segments identified within the Group are outlined below:

Dec 2018                                                                                                                 Un-
$'m                                           Transport       Utilities   Facilities       EC&M        Mining      allocated          Total

Revenue and other income                        1,792.6       1,212.5       1,663.0        945.1         688.1          25.3      6,326.6
Inter-segment sales                                   -             -             -            -             -          (2.1)        (2.1)
Total segment revenue and
other income                                    1,792.6       1,212.5       1,663.0        945.1         688.1          23.2      6,324.5
Share of sales revenue from joint
                         (i)
ventures and associates                           268.4               -          4.0             -         26.1             -        298.5
Total revenue including joint
ventures and other income (i)                   2,061.0       1,212.5       1,667.0        945.1         714.2          23.2      6,623.0
EBIT before amortisation of
acquired intangibles (EBITA)                        87.9         64.7          81.3          22.4          36.9        (25.2)        268.0
Amortisation of acquired
intangibles                                         (0.4)         (1.6)         (5.9)            -             -       (23.5)        (31.4)
Total reported segment results
(EBIT)                                              87.5         63.1          75.4          22.4          36.9        (48.7)        236.6

Dec 2017                                                                                                                 Un-
$'m                                           Transport       Utilities   Facilities       EC&M        Mining      allocated          Total

Revenue and other income                        1,786.3         950.9       1,711.6        690.5         668.4          22.9      5,830.6
Inter-segment sales                                   -             -             -            -             -         (27.5)       (27.5)
Total segment revenue and
other income                                    1,786.3         950.9       1,711.6        690.5         668.4           (4.6)    5,803.1
Share of sales revenue from joint
ventures and associates (i)                       258.5               -          3.5         14.3          21.1             -        297.4
Total revenue including joint
ventures and other income (i)                   2,044.8         950.9       1,715.1        704.8         689.5           (4.6)    6,100.5
EBIT before amortisation of
acquired intangibles (EBITA)                        80.1         54.1          77.0          23.5          20.9       (172.6)         83.0
Amortisation of acquired
intangibles                                         (0.1)         (1.0)         (5.5)            -             -       (24.1)        (30.7)
Total reported segment results
(EBIT)                                              80.0         53.1          71.5          23.5          20.9       (196.7)         52.3
(i)
      This is a non-statutory disclosure as it relates to Downer's share of revenue from equity accounted joint ventures and associates.

                                                                                                                                       26
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018
B1. Segment information - continued
Reconciliation of segment net operating profit to net profit / (loss) after tax:
                                                                                                                    Segment results
                                                                                                                       Dec        Dec
                                                                                                                      2018       2017
                                                                                                          Note         $'m        $'m
Segment net operating profit                                                                                           285.3         249.0
Unallocated:
Mining goodwill impairment                                                                                                 -         (76.4)
Divestment of Freight Rail                                                                                                 -         (49.3)
Spotless management redundancies and integration costs                                                                     -          (3.1)
Spotless residual strategy reset costs                                                                                     -          (7.1)
Spotless integration costs                                                                                                 -          (3.4)
Amortisation of Spotless and Tenix acquired intangible assets                                                          (23.5)        (24.1)
Fair value gain on revaluation of existing interest in Downer Mouchel Joint Venture                          D7         17.0             -
Corporate costs                                                                                                        (42.2)        (33.3)
Total unallocated                                                                                                      (48.7)       (196.7)
Earnings before interest and tax                                                                                       236.6          52.3
Net finance costs                                                                                                      (42.1)        (41.0)
Profit before income tax                                                                                               194.5          11.3
Income tax expense                                                                                                     (53.1)        (27.2)
Profit / (loss) after income tax                                                                                       141.4         (15.9)

B2. Profit from ordinary activities
a) Revenue and other income
Dec 2018                                                                                                                 Un-
$'m                                           Transport       Utilities   Facilities       EC&M        Mining      allocated          Total
Service revenue                                 1,251.9         683.4       1,150.4        457.0         684.5          (2.2)     4,225.0
Construction contracts                            435.9         528.5         416.5        475.8             -             -      1,856.7
Sale of goods                                     100.6           0.5          96.1          7.2           2.2             -        206.6
Total revenue from contracts
with customers                                  1,788.4       1,212.4       1,663.0        940.0         686.7           (2.2)    6,288.3
Other revenue                                       3.8             -             -          4.7           0.2            7.6        16.3
Total revenue from ordinary
activities                                      1,792.2       1,212.4       1,663.0        944.7         686.9            5.4     6,304.6
Other income                                        0.4           0.1             -          0.4           1.2          17.8         19.9
Total revenue and other income                  1,792.6       1,212.5       1,663.0        945.1         688.1          23.2      6,324.5
Share of sales revenue from joint
ventures and associates (i)                       268.4               -          4.0             -         26.1             -        298.5
Total revenue including joint
ventures and other income (i)
                                                2,061.0       1,212.5       1,667.0        945.1         714.2          23.2      6,623.0
Dec 2017                                                                                                                 Un-
$'m                                           Transport       Utilities   Facilities       EC&M        Mining      allocated          Total
Service revenue                                 1,119.7         613.6       1,289.5        312.6         663.5         (27.1)     3,971.8
Construction contracts                            553.6         335.9         379.6        368.6             -             -      1,637.7
Sale of goods                                     105.0           0.5          42.5          8.5           1.3             -        157.8
Total revenue from contracts
with customers                                  1,778.3         950.0       1,711.6        689.7         664.8         (27.1)     5,767.3
Other revenue                                       6.9           0.9             -          0.7           0.4          22.3         31.2
Total revenue from ordinary                     1,785.2         950.9       1,711.6        690.4         665.2          (4.8)     5,798.5
activities
Other income                                        1.1             -             -          0.1           3.2            0.2         4.6
Total revenue and other income                  1,786.3         950.9       1,711.6        690.5         668.4           (4.6)    5,803.1
Share of sales revenue from joint
                         (i)
ventures and associates                           258.5               -          3.5         14.3          21.1             -        297.4
Total revenue including joint
ventures and other income (i)                   2,044.8         950.9       1,715.1        704.8         689.5           (4.6)    6,100.5
(i)
      This is a non-statutory disclosure as it relates to Downer's share of revenue from equity accounted joint ventures and associates.

                                                                                                                                       27
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

B2. Profit from ordinary activities - continued

Revenue by geographical locations:

Dec 2018
                                                                                                  Un-
$'m                                 Transport     Utilities   Facilities   EC&M    Mining   allocated     Total

Australia                             1,292.9       982.6      1,185.8     933.6    662.0       23.0    5,079.9
Pacific and New Zealand                 499.7       229.9        477.2         -        -          -    1,206.8
Rest of world                               -           -            -      11.5     26.1        0.2       37.8
Total revenue and other income        1,792.6     1,212.5      1,663.0     945.1    688.1       23.2    6,324.5


Dec 2017
                                                                                                  Un-
$'m                                 Transport     Utilities   Facilities   EC&M    Mining   allocated     Total

Australia                             1,239.5       739.0      1,263.8     679.4    643.8       (5.3)   4,560.2
Pacific and New Zealand                 546.8       211.9        447.8       2.1        -        0.7    1,209.3
Rest of world                               -           -            -       9.0     24.6          -       33.6
Total revenue and other income        1,786.3       950.9      1,711.6     690.5    668.4       (4.6)   5,803.1



b) Operating expenses

                                                                                                 Dec        Dec
                                                                                                2018       2017
                                                                                                $'m         $'m

Employee benefits expense:
- Defined contribution plans                                                                   115.0      109.8
- Share-based employee benefits expense                                                          1.6        2.0
- Employee benefits                                                                          2,137.9    1,870.6
Total employee benefits expense                                                              2,254.5    1,982.4

Operating lease expenses relating to land and building                                          39.1      44.1
Operating lease expenses relating to plant and equipment                                        58.9      62.4
Total operating lease expense                                                                   98.0     106.5




                                                                                                           28
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

B3. Earnings per share

Basic earnings per share
The calculation of basic earnings per share (EPS) is based on the profit / (loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders
and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding.
                                                                                                           Dec          Dec
                                                                                                          2018        2017

Profit / (Loss) attributable to members of the parent entity ($'m)                                                134.2           (11.1)
Adjustment to reflect ROADS dividends paid ($'m)                                                                   (4.1)           (4.0)

Profit / (Loss) attributable to members of the parent entity used in calculating EPS ($'m)                        130.1           (15.1)

Weighted average number of ordinary shares (WANOS) on issue (m's)(i)                                              591.1          590.5

Basic earnings / (loss) per share (cents per share)                                                                 22.0           (2.6)

Diluted earnings per share
The calculation of diluted EPS is based on the profit attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted average
number of ordinary shares outstanding after adjustments for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

                                                                                                                     Dec            Dec
                                                                                                                    2018           2017

Profit / (Loss) attributable to members of the parent entity ($'m)                                                134.2           (11.1)

Weighted average number of ordinary shares
                                                                               (i)(ii)
        - Weighted average number of ordinary shares (WANOS) on issue (m's)                                       591.9          590.5
                                                                         (iii)
        - WANOS adjustment to reflect potential dilution for ROADS (m's)                                           27.2           27.6
WANOS used in the calculation of diluted EPS (m's)                                                                619.1          618.1

Diluted earnings / (loss) per share (cents per share) (iv)                                                          21.7           (2.6)

(i)     The WANOS on issue has been adjusted by the weighted average effect of the unvested executive incentive shares.
(ii)    For diluted EPS, the WANOS has been further adjusted by the potential vesting of executive incentive shares.
(iii)   The WANOS adjustment is the value of ROADS that could potentially be converted into ordinary shares at the reporting date. It is
        calculated based on the issued value of ROADS in New Zealand dollars converted to Australian dollars at the spot rate prevailing
        at the reporting date, which was $190.3 million (December 2017: $182.0 million), divided by the average market price of the
        Company's ordinary shares for the period 1 July 2018 to 31 December 2018 discounted by 2.5% according to the ROADS
        contract terms, which was $6.99 (December 2017: $6.59).
(iv)    At 31 December 2017, the ROADS were deemed anti-dilutive and consequently, diluted EPS remained at (2.6) cents per share.


B4. Subsequent events

At the date of this report there is no matter or circumstance that has arisen since the end of the period, that has
significantly affected, or may significantly affect:

a) The Group's operations in future financial years;
b) The results of those operations in future financial years; or
c) The Group's state of affairs in future financial years.




                                                                                                                                    29
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018


              C
              Capital structure and financing


        C1. Borrowings                                           C4. Reserves
        C2. Financing facilities                                 C5. Dividends
        C3. Issued capital

C1. Borrowings                                                                       Dec        Jun
                                                                                    2018       2018
                                                                                    $'m         $'m
Current
Secured:
- Finance lease liabilities                                                          3.9        5.1
- Hire purchase liabilities                                                            -        0.2
                                                                                     3.9        5.3
Unsecured:
- Bank loans                                                                           -       2.1
- USD private placement notes                                                        9.9         -
- Medium term notes                                                                    -     150.0
- Deferred finance charges                                                          (3.9)     (3.7)
                                                                                     6.0     148.4
Total current borrowings                                                             9.9     153.7

Non-current
Secured:
- Finance lease liabilities                                                         10.2       11.2
                                                                                    10.2       11.2
Unsecured:
- Bank loans                                                                       872.7      817.7
- USD private placement notes                                                      141.8      144.7
- AUD private placement notes                                                       30.0       30.0
- Medium term notes                                                                250.0      250.0
- JPY medium term notes                                                            128.3      122.2
- Deferred finance charges                                                          (6.9)      (8.3)
                                                                                 1,415.9    1,356.3
Total non-current borrowings                                                     1,426.1    1,367.5
Total borrowings                                                                 1,436.0    1,521.2

Fair value of total borrowings (i)                                               1,484.2    1,561.8

(i)
      Excludes finance lease, hire purchase and supplier finance liabilities.




                                                                                              30
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

C2. Financing facilities

At reporting date, the Group had the following facilities that were unutilised:
                                                                                                              Dec             Jun
                                                                                                             2018            2018
                                                                                                             $'m              $'m
Syndicated bank loan facilities                                                                             710.0           780.0
Bilateral bank loan facilities                                                                              145.0           145.0
Total unutilised bank loan facilities                                                                       855.0           925.0

Syndicated and bilateral bank and bilateral insurance bonding facilities                                    752.8           574.3
Total unutilised bonding facilities                                                                         752.8           574.3

Summary of borrowing arrangements

Bank loan facilities
-   Bilateral bank loan facilities:
    A total of $225.0 million in bilateral bank loan facilities are committed and unsecured facilities with maturities in
    calendar years 2019, 2020 and 2021.

-   Syndicated loan facilities:
    The syndicated bank loan facilities are unsecured, committed facilities and comprised of Australian Dollar and New
    Zealand Dollar tranches as follows:

    - $200 million revolving tranche maturing April 2021;
    - $280 million revolving tranche maturing May 2021;
    - NZD75 million revolving tranche maturing May 2021;
    - NZD75 million term tranche maturing May 2021;
    - $280 million revolving tranche maturing May 2022;
    - $200 million term tranche maturing May 2022;
    - $200 million revolving tranche maturing May 2022; and
    - $200 million revolving tranche maturing May 2023.

USD private placement notes
  USD unsecured private placement notes are on issue for a total amount of US$107.0 million. US$7.0 million notes
  mature in September 2019 and US$100.0 million in July 2025. The USD denominated principal and interest amounts
  have been fully hedged against the Australian dollar through cross-currency interest rate swaps.

AUD private placement notes
  AUD unsecured private placement notes are on issue for a total amount of $30.0 million with a maturity date of July
  2025.

Medium Term Notes (MTNs)
  The Group has the following unsecured MTNs on issue:
  - $250.0 million maturing March 2022; and
  - JPY10.0 billion maturing May 2033.

    The JPY denominated principal and interest amounts have been fully hedged against the Australian dollar through
    cross-currency interest rate swaps.




                                                                                                                            31
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

C2. Financing facilities - continued

Finance lease / Hire purchase facilities
The Group has certain secured facilities of these types which are for an aggregate amount of $14.1 million and which
amortise over different periods of up to three years.

Covenants on financing facilities
Downer Group’s financing facilities contain undertakings to comply with financial covenants and ensure that Group
guarantors of these facilities collectively meet the minimum threshold amounts of Group EBIT and Group Total Tangible
Assets.

The main financial covenants which the Group is subject to are Net Worth, Interest Service Coverage (rolling 12-month
EBIT to Net Interest Expense) and Leverage (Net Debt to Total Capitalisation).

Financial covenants testing is undertaken and reported to the Downer Board on a monthly basis. Reporting of financial
covenants to financiers occurs semi-annually for the rolling 12-month periods to 30 June and 31 December. The Downer
Group was in compliance with all its financial covenants as at 31 December 2018.

Spotless’ financing facilities contain undertakings to comply with financial covenants. The main financial covenants that
Spotless is subject to are Net Leverage (Net Debt to EBITDA) and Interest Service Coverage (rolling 12-month EBITDA to
Net Total Cash Interest) as well as ensuring that the guarantors under various facilities collectively meet the minimum
threshold amounts of Group EBITDA and Group Total Assets.

Financial covenants testing is undertaken and reported to the Spotless Board on a monthly basis. Reporting of financial
covenants to financiers occurs on a semi-annual basis. Spotless was in compliance with all its financial covenants as at
31 December 2018.

Bonding
The Group has $2,269.7 million of bank guarantee and insurance bond facilities to support its contracting activities.
$1,337.5 million of these facilities are provided to the Group on a committed basis and $932.2 million on an uncommitted
basis. Included in these facilities is a syndicated $210.0 million committed revolving bank guarantee facility for the specific
purpose of a passenger rail manufacturing contract and of which $153.1 million is utilised and $56.9 million is unutilised.

The Group’s bonding facilities are provided by a number of banks and insurance companies on an unsecured and
revolving basis. These facilities are supported by Group guarantees representing certain minimum threshold amounts of
Group EBIT and Group Total Tangible Assets (for Downer) and Group EBITDA and Group Total Assets (for Spotless).
$1,516.9 million (refer to Note D6) of these facilities were utilised as at 31 December 2018 with $752.8 million unutilised.
These facilities have varying maturity dates between calendar years 2019 and 2021.

The underlying risk being assumed by the relevant financier under all bank guarantees and insurance bonds is corporate
credit risk rather than project specific risk.

The Group has the flexibility in respect of certain committed facility amounts (shown as part of the unutilised bilateral bank
loan facilities) which can at the election of the Group be utilised to provide additional bonding capacity.

Refinancing requirements
Where existing facilities approach maturity, the Group will negotiate with existing and, where required, with new financiers
to extend the maturity date or refinance these facilities. The Group’s financial metrics and credit rating as well as
conditions in financial markets and other factors may influence the outcome of these negotiations.

Credit ratings
The Group has an Investment Grade credit rating of BBB (Outlook Stable) from Fitch Ratings. Where the credit rating is
lowered or placed on negative watch, customers and suppliers may be less willing to contract with the Group.
Furthermore, banks and other lending institutions may demand more stringent terms (including increased pricing, reduced
tenors and lower facility limits) on debt and bonding facilities, to reflect the weaker credit risk profile.




                                                                                                                         32
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

C3. Issued capital
                                                                                                                  Dec              Jun
                                                                                                                 2018             2018
                                                                                                                 $'m               $'m
Ordinary shares
594,702,512 ordinary shares (Jun 2018: 594,702,512)                                                          2,263.1        2,263.1
Unvested executive incentive shares
3,385,446 ordinary shares (Jun 2018: 4,207,358)                                                                 (16.6)           (19.8)
200,000,000 Redeemable Optionally Adjustable
Distributing Securities (ROADS) (Jun 2018: 200,000,000)                                                        178.6          178.6
                                                                                                             2,425.1        2,421.9

a) Fully paid ordinary share capital
Fully paid ordinary shares carry one vote per share and carry the right to dividends.
                                                                                 Dec                                 Jun
                                                                                 2018                               2018
                                                                               m's                 $'m            m's             $'m
Fully paid ordinary share capital
Balance at the beginning of the financial period / year                      594.7             2,263.1         594.7        2,263.2
Capital raising costs net of tax                                                 -                   -             -           (0.1)
Balance at the end of the financial period / year                            594.7             2,263.1         594.7        2,263.1

b) Unvested executive incentive shares

Balance at the end of the financial period / year                                    4.2         (19.8)           4.3            (20.0)
Vested executive incentive share transactions (i)                                   (0.8)          3.2           (0.1)             0.2
Balance at the end of the financial period / year                                    3.4         (16.6)           4.2            (19.8)

(i)   December 2018 figures referable to the 2015 LTI plan, second deferred component of the 2016 STI award and first deferred
      component of the 2017 STI award totalling 821,912 vested shares for a value of $3,166,042.
      June 2018 figures referable to the second deferred component of the 2015 STI award and the first deferred component of the 2016
      STI award totalling 50,015 vested shares for a value of $192,660.

Unvested executive incentive shares are stock market purchases and are held by the Executive Employee Share Plan
Trust under the Long Term Incentive (LTI) plan. From the 2011 LTI plan onwards, no dividends will be distributed on
shares held in trust during the performance measurement and service periods. Accumulated dividends will be paid out to
executives after all vesting conditions have been met. Otherwise, excess net dividends are retained in the trust to be used
by the Company to acquire additional shares on the market for employee equity plans.

                                                                                      Dec                            Jun
c) Redeemable Optionally Adjustable Distributing                                      2018                          2018
Securities (ROADS)                                                                  m's            $'m            m's             $'m

Balance at the beginning and at the end of the financial period /
year                                                                              200.0          178.6         200.0             178.6

ROADS are perpetual, redeemable, exchangeable preference shares. In accordance with the terms of the ROADS
preference shares, the dividend rate for the one year commencing 15 June 2018 is 6.15% per annum (2017: 6.05% per
annum) which is equivalent to the one year swap rate on 15 June 2018 plus the Step-up Margin of 4.05% per annum.




                                                                                                                                 33
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

C4. Reserves


                                                                                                                           Total
                                                                                Foreign                     Fair value attributable
                                                                               currency      Employee        through to members
Dec 2018                                                        Hedge         translation     benefits         OCI        of the
$'m                                                            reserve          reserve       reserve       reserve (i)   parent

Balance at 1 July 2018                                              (13.0)          (26.8)          15.5           (2.6)         (26.9)
Foreign currency translation difference                                 -             8.3              -              -            8.3
Change in fair value of cash flow hedges (net of tax)                 3.9               -              -              -            3.9
Total comprehensive income for the period                             3.9             8.3              -              -           12.2
Vested executive incentive share transactions                           -               -           (3.2)             -           (3.2)
Share-based employee benefits expense                                   -               -            1.6              -            1.6
Income tax relating to share-based transactions
during the period                                                        -              -            1.0              -            1.0
Balance at 31 December 2018                                           (9.1)         (18.5)          14.9           (2.6)         (15.3)
(i)   Before 1 July 2018, these reserves were classified in the available-for-sale revaluation reserve in accordance with AASB 139. From
      1 July 2018, these are classified at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI) in accordance with AASB 9.



                                                                                                                      Total
                                                                                Foreign                Available- attributable
                                                                               currency    Employee     for-sale to members
Dec 2017                                                        Hedge         translation   benefits revaluation     of the
$'m                                                            reserve          reserve     reserve     reserve      parent
Balance at 1 July 2017                                              (6.2)           (18.0)       14.1         (0.8)      (10.9)
Foreign currency translation difference                                -             (8.7)           -           -        (8.7)
Change in fair value of cash flow hedges (net of tax)               (2.4)                -           -           -        (2.4)
Change in fair value of available-for-sale assets                      -                 -           -        (0.6)       (0.6)
Total comprehensive income for the period                           (2.4)            (8.7)           -        (0.6)      (11.7)
Vested executive incentive share transactions                          -                 -       (0.2)           -        (0.2)
Share-based employee benefits expense                                  -                 -         2.0           -          2.0
Income tax relating to share-based transactions
during the period                                                        -              -            0.5              -            0.5
Balance at 31 December 2017                                           (8.6)         (26.7)          16.4           (1.4)         (20.3)

Hedge reserve
The hedge reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value cash flow hedging
instruments relating to future transactions.

Foreign currency translation reserve
The foreign currency translation reserve comprises foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the
financial statements of operations where their functional currency is different to the presentation currency of the Group.

Employee benefit reserve
The employee benefit reserve is used to recognise the fair value of share-based payments issued to employees over the
vesting period, and to recognise the value attributable to the share-based payments during the reporting period.

Fair value through OCI reserve
The fair value reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of equity securities designated at FVOCI
(2017: available-for-sale financial assets) and the cumulative net change in fair value of debt securities at FVOCI (2017:
available-for-sale financial assets) until the assets are derecognised or reclassified. This amount is reduced by the
amount of loss allowance.

Available-for-sale revaluation reserve
The fair value reserve includes the cumulative net movement above cost of the fair value of available-for-sale investment
until the asset is realised or impaired or control of an acquiree is obtained at which time the cumulative gain or loss
previously recognised in the available-for-sale revaluation reserve is included in the profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                  34
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

C5. Dividends

a) Ordinary shares
                                                                           2019         2018          2018          2017
                                                                        Interim         Final       Interim         Final
Dividend per share (in Australian cents)                                   14.0         14.0          13.0          12.0
Franking percentage                                                        50%           50%           50%         100%
Cost (in $'m)                                                             83.3          83.3          77.3         71.4
Dividend record date                                                    21/2/19       30/8/18        7/3/18      12/9/17
Payment date                                                            21/3/19       27/9/18        4/4/18     10/10/17

The interim 2019 dividend has not been declared as at reporting date and therefore is not reflected in the condensed
consolidated financial report.


b) Redeemable Optionally Adjustable Distributing Securities (ROADS)

2019                                                    Quarter 1     Quarter 2                                        Total

Dividend per ROADS (in Australian cents)                     1.01          1.05                                     2.06
New Zealand imputation credit percentage                    100%          100%                                     100%
Cost (in A$'m)                                                2.0           2.1                                      4.1
Payment date                                               17/9/18     17/12/18

2018                                                     Quarter 1    Quarter 2     Quarter 3     Quarter 4            Total

Dividend per ROADS (in Australian cents)                     1.00         0.99          1.02          1.00         4.01
New Zealand imputation credit percentage                    100%          100%         100%          100%          100%
Cost (in A$'m)                                                2.0           2.0          2.0           2.0           8.0
Payment date                                               15/9/17     15/12/17       15/3/18       15/6/18




                                                                                                                       35
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018



           D
           Other disclosures



 D1. Trade and other receivables           D4. Intangible assets                D6. Contingent liabilities
 D2. Trade and other payables              D5. Joint arrangements and associate D7. Acquisition and disposal of
 D3. Property, plant and equipment         entities                             businesses

D1. Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                     Dec            Jun
                                                                                                    2018           2018
Current                                                                                              $'m            $'m
Trade receivables                                                                                  726.3          842.0
Allowance for doubtful debts                                                                       (20.4)         (15.3)
                                                                                                   705.9          826.7

Contract assets                                                                        D1(a)     1,178.1     1,219.9
Other receivables                                                                                  102.2        75.3
                                                                                                 1,986.2     2,121.9

a) Contract asset / liability balances
                                                                                                     Dec         Jun
                                                                                                    2018        2018
Current                                                                                             $'m          $'m
Contract assets and capitalised costs to fulfill contracts                                       1,159.3     1,203.4
Retentions                                                                                          18.8        16.5
Total contract assets                                                                            1,178.1     1,219.9

Total contract assets                                                                            1,178.1     1,219.9
Total contract liabilities                                                                D2      (387.0)     (410.2)
Net amount                                                                                         791.1       809.7


D2. Trade and other payables

                                                                                                     Dec            Jun
                                                                                                    2018           2018
                                                                                                     $'m            $'m
Current
Trade payables                                                                                     837.2       674.2
Contract liabilities                                                                   D1(a)       387.0       410.2
Accruals                                                                                         1,017.2     1,084.4
Other                                                                                              118.4       112.8
                                                                                                 2,359.8     2,281.6




                                                                                                             36
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

D3. Property, plant and equipment
                                                                                      Plant,
                                                                                 equipment
                                                                                        and Equipment
                                                                  Freehold        leasehold      under         Laundries
Dec 2018                                                           land and        improve-    finance            rental
$'m                                                               buildings           ments       lease            stock              Total
Carrying amount as at 1 July 2018                                     118.8         1,106.3            14.1           41.2       1,280.4
Additions                                                               0.3           168.8             1.8           15.7         186.6
Disposals at net book value                                            (5.4)           (0.5)              -              -          (5.9)
Acquisition of businesses(i)                                            0.1             6.4               -              -           6.5
Depreciation expense                                                   (1.7)         (109.0)           (3.0)         (16.3)       (130.0)
Net foreign currency exchange
differences at net book value                                           0.4             0.4             0.1            0.1            1.0
Closing net book value as at 31 December 2018                         112.5         1,172.4            13.0           40.7        1,338.6
Cost                                                                  150.6         2,623.2            36.0           87.5        2,897.3
Accumulated depreciation                                              (38.1)       (1,450.8)          (23.0)         (46.8)      (1,558.7)

Jun 2018
Carrying amount as at 1 July 2017 (restated)(iii)                     129.4         1,061.2            52.3           37.5       1,280.4
Additions                                                               0.5           322.9             7.9           36.2         367.5
Disposals at net book value                                            (5.6)          (14.9)          (14.4)             -         (34.9)
Acquisition of businesses                                                 -             3.2             7.6            1.5          12.3
Disposal of business at net book value                                    -           (60.0)              -              -         (60.0)
Depreciation expense                                                   (5.1)         (229.5)          (10.3)         (33.4)       (278.3)
Reclassifications at net book value                                       -            26.5           (29.1)           2.6             -
Reclassified as intangible assets (ii)                                    -            (0.3)              -              -          (0.3)
Net foreign currency exchange
differences at net book value                                          (0.4)           (2.8)            0.1           (3.2)          (6.3)
Closing net book value as at 30 June 2018                             118.8         1,106.3            14.1           41.2        1,280.4
Cost                                                                  155.1         2,488.7            34.1           74.0        2,751.9
Accumulated depreciation                                              (36.3)       (1,382.4)          (20.0)         (32.8)      (1,471.5)
(i)     The values recognised are based on the fair value of assets acquired from the business acquisitions made during the period ended
        31 December 2018, for which the accounting on certain transactions remains provisional. Refer to Note D7.
(ii)    Refers to the reclassification of software from Capital work in progress to Intangible assets.
(iii)   June 2017 balances were restated to reflect the impact of acquisition accounting adjustments made on opening balances.




                                                                                                                                 37
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

D4. Intangible assets
                                                                Customer                           Software
                                                                contracts     Brand Intellectual and system
Dec 2018                                                              and names on property on     develop-
$'m                                                Goodwill relationships acquisition acquisition      ment                         Total
Carrying amount as at 1 July 2018                   2,351.5        381.1        74.7          2.2     241.2                      3,050.7
Additions                                                 -            -            -           -      14.5                         14.5
Disposal at net book value                                -            -            -           -      (0.4)                         (0.4)
Acquisition of businesses(i)                           66.5         30.2            -           -       0.5                         97.2
Amortisation expense                                      -        (29.4)       (1.9)       (0.1)     (15.0)                       (46.4)
Net foreign currency exchange
differences at net book value                             4.3              -             0.4               -           0.5            5.2
Closing net book value as at
31 December 2018                                     2,422.3          381.9             73.2            2.1         241.3        3,120.8
Cost                                                 2,574.7          494.1             79.3            2.4         402.5        3,553.0
Accumulated amortisation and
impairment                                            (152.4)        (112.2)            (6.1)          (0.3)       (161.2)        (432.2)
Jun 2018
Carrying amount as at 1 July 2017
(restated)(iii)                                      2,341.1          409.1             56.9            3.5         220.6        3,031.2
Additions                                                  -              -                -              -          46.4           46.4
Disposal at net book value                                 -              -                -              -          (0.2)          (0.2)
Acquisition of businesses                              105.0           34.5             21.7           (1.1)            -          160.1
Disposal of business at net book value                 (14.2)             -                -              -             -          (14.2)
Reclassifications at net book value(ii)                    -              -                -              -           0.3            0.3
Amortisation expense                                       -          (62.6)            (3.9)          (0.2)        (25.2)         (91.9)
Impairment of goodwill                                 (76.4)             -                -              -             -          (76.4)
Net foreign currency exchange
differences at net book value                            (4.0)           0.1                -              -          (0.7)           (4.6)
Closing net book value as at
30 June 2018                                         2,351.5          381.1             74.7            2.2         241.2        3,050.7
Cost                                                 2,503.9          463.8             78.7            2.4         394.9        3,443.7
Accumulated amortisation and
impairment                                            (152.4)          (82.7)           (4.0)          (0.2)       (153.7)        (393.0)

(i)     The values recognised are based on the fair value of assets acquired from the business acquisitions made during the period ended
        31 December 2018, for which the accounting on certain transactions remains provisional. Refer to Note D7.
(ii)    Refers to the reclassification of software from Capital work in progress to Intangible assets.
(iii)   June 2017 balances were restated to reflect the impact of acquisition accounting adjustments made on opening balances.




                                                                                                                                 38
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

D5. Joint arrangements and associate entities
                                                                                                                 Dec             Dec
                                                                                                                2018            2017
                                                                                                                $'m              $'m

Interest in joint ventures at the beginning of the period                                                       21.2            19.0
Share of net profit                                                                                              7.3             7.2
Share of distributions                                                                                         (10.1)           (7.3)
Foreign currency exchange differences                                                                            0.2            (0.2)
Interest in joint ventures at the end of the period                                                             18.6            18.7

Interest in associates at the beginning of the period                                                           74.8            69.0
Share of net profit                                                                                              6.2             2.7
Ownership acquired                                                                                              (4.0)              -
Interest in associates at the end of the period                                                                 77.0            71.7

Interest in joint ventures and associates                                                                       95.6            90.4

The Group has interests in the following joint ventures and associates which are equity accounted:
                                                                                                           Ownership interest
                                                                                                               Dec          Dec
                                                                                          Country of          2018         2017
Name of arrangement                         Principal activity                            operation             %             %
Joint ventures
Allied Asphalt Limited                      Asphalt plant                                New Zealand              50             50
Bitumen Importers Australia Joint           Construction of bitumen storage facility       Australia              50             50
Venture
Bitumen Importers Australia Pty Ltd         Bitumen importer                             Australia                50             50
Eden Park Catering Limited                  Catering for functions at Eden Park        New Zealand                50             50
EDI Rail-Bombardier                         Sale and maintenance of railway rolling      Australia                50             50
Transportation Pty Ltd                      stock
Emulco Limited                              Emulsion plant                             New Zealand                50             50
Isaac Asphalt Limited                       Manufacture and supply of asphalt          New Zealand                50             50
RTL Mining and Earthworks Pty Ltd           Contract mining; civil works and plant hire Australia                 44             44
VEC Shaw Joint Venture                      Road construction                            Australia                50             50
Waanyi Downer JV Pty Ltd                    Contract mining services                     Australia                50              -
ZFS Functions (Pty) Ltd                     Catering for functions at Federation         Australia                50             50
                                            Square

Associates
                                                                                                                    (i)
MHPS Plant Services Pty Ltd                 Refurbishment, construction and                Australia                             27
                                            maintenance of boilers
Keolis Downer Pty Ltd                       Operation and maintenance of Gold              Australia              49             49
                                            Coast light rail, Melbourne tram network
                                            and bus operation

(i)   Downer acquired the remaining 73.33% of MHPS Plant Services Pty Ltd on 30 August 2018. Refer to Note D7. The entity name has
      been subsequently changed to DMH Plant Services Pty Ltd during the half-year ended 31 December 2018.
There are no material commitments held by joint ventures or associates. All joint ventures and associates have a statutory
reporting date of 30 June.

D6. Contingent liabilities
                                                                                                                 Dec             Jun
                                                                                                                2018            2018
                                                                                                                 $'m             $'m
Bonding
The Group has bid bonds and performance bonds issued in respect of contract
performance in the normal course of business for controlled entities                                        1,516.9        1,341.6

The Group is called upon to give guarantees and indemnities to counterparties, relating to the performance of contractual
and financial obligations (including for controlled entities and related parties). Other than as noted above, these guarantees
and indemnities are indeterminable in amount.

                                                                                                                           39
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

D6. Contingent liabilities - continued

Other contingent liabilities
  i) The Group is subject to design liability in relation to completed design and construction projects. The Directors are of the
     opinion that there is adequate insurance to cover this area and accordingly, no amounts are recognised in the financial
     statements.

 ii) The Group is subject to product liability claims. Provision is made for the potential costs of carrying out rectification
     works based on known claims and previous claims history. However, as the ultimate outcome of these claims cannot be
     reliably determined at the date of this report, contingent liability may exist for any amounts that ultimately become
     payable in excess of current provisioning levels.

 iii) Controlled entities have entered into various joint arrangements under which the controlled entity is jointly and severally
      liable for the obligations of the relevant joint arrangements.

 iv) The Group carries the normal contractor’s and consultant’s liability in relation to services, supply and construction
     contracts (for example, liability relating to professional advice, design, completion, workmanship, and damage), as well
     as liability for personal injury / property damage during the course of a project. Potential liability may arise from claims,
     disputes and / or litigation / arbitration by or against Group companies and / or joint venture arrangements in which the
     Group has an interest. The Group is currently managing a number of claims, arbitration and litigation processes in
     relation to services, supply and construction contracts as well as in relation to personal injury and property damage
     claims arising from project delivery.

 v) Several New Zealand entities in the Group have been named as co-defendants in “leaky building” claims. The leaky
    building claims where Group entities are co-defendants generally relate to water damage arising from historical design
    and construction methodologies (and certification) for residential and other buildings in New Zealand during the early-
    mid 2000s. The Directors are of the opinion that disclosure of any further information relating to the leaky building claims
    would be prejudicial to the interests of the Group.

 vi) On 16 September 2015, the Group announced that it had terminated a contract with Tecnicas Reunidas S.A. (“TR”)
     following TR’s failure to remedy a substantial breach of the contract and that the Group is pursuing a claim against TR in
     the order of $65 million. Downer has since demobilised from the site and has commenced a claim that will be
     determined via an arbitration process, with a hearing date currently expected to occur in late calendar year 2019 or early
     2020. TR has initiated a counter-claim, which is being defended by Downer. The Directors are of the opinion that
     disclosure of any further information relating to this matter would be prejudicial to the interests of the Group.

vii) In September 2017 Spotless commenced a Facilities Management Subcontract (‘Subcontract’) at the new Royal
     Adelaide Hospital (‘nRAH’). Spotless’ Subcontract is with Celsus, which has a head contract with the South Australian
     Government under a Public Private Partnership model.

    Spotless has previously announced that the Subcontract is a cash negative underperforming contract and that Spotless
    is working to resolve various commercial and operational issues which include significant preliminary claims and counter
    claims (including the application of some abatements, which are disputed by Spotless). The Process Suspension Deed
    signed by the parties in June 2018 has expired however discussions between Spotless, Celsus and the South
    Australian Government are ongoing. The mediation process that commenced in June 2018 is continuing and the parties
    are engaging in discussions to address the various commercial and operational issues affecting the delivery of services
    at the nRAH.

    In the event that Spotless is not successful in either reaching agreement as part of the discussions or via the dispute
    resolution process then Spotless is likely to incur operating losses up until September 2022, being the 5 year
    anniversary of the Subcontract term, at which point Spotless has the ability to trigger a re-pricing process. In this
    scenario, Management recorded a provision for the present value of the future losses of $67.1 million as at 31
    December 2018, excluding abatements that are disputed by Spotless which the company does not consider to be
    probable.
viii) On 25 May 2017, Alison Court, as applicant, filed a representative proceeding in the Federal Court of Australia on behalf
      of shareholders who acquired Spotless shares from 25 August 2015 to 1 December 2015. The applicant under this
      proceeding alleges that Spotless engaged in misleading or deceptive conduct and/or breached its continuous disclosure
      obligations in relation to Spotless financial results for the financial year ended 30 June 2015 and in its conduct following
      the release of those financial results until Spotless issued its trading update of 2 December 2015. The applicant seeks
      damages, declarations, interest and costs. Spotless is vigorously defending the proceeding.



                                                                                                                           40
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

D7. Acquisition and disposal of businesses

Acquisitions
Dec 2018
Cash outflow on acquisitions
The total net cash outflow as a result of the acquisitions made during the half-year ended 31 December 2018 is as follows:

                                                           Rock N Road             MHPS           KHSA                        Total
                                                                   $'m               $'m            $'m                         $'m
Gross purchase consideration                                                                                                  68.6
Deferred consideration paid during the period (i)                                                                               9.0
Less: Net cash acquired                                                                                                      (29.1)
Less: Contingent consideration                                                                                                 (2.5)
Total cash consideration                                                -               -                -                    46.0
(i)   Represents purchase and deferred consideration paid during the period for Envista, AGIS and RPQ.

MHPS Plant Services
On 30 August 2018, the Group acquired the remaining 73.33% of MHPS Plant Services Pty Ltd ("MHPS") for consideration
of $5.6 million.

The acquisition accounting for MHPS remains provisionally accounted for as at 31 December 2018.

Rock N Road
On 3 October 2018, the Group acquired 100% of the shares of Rock N Road Bitumen Pty Ltd (“RNR”) for total consideration
of $17.9 million. RNR is a road surfacing business based in Mackay and operates in the central and northern regions of
Queensland.

The acquisition accounting for RNR remains provisionally accounted for as at 31 December 2018.

KHSA Limited (KHSA)
On 21 December 2018, the Group executed a Share Sale Deed to acquire 100% of the shares in the Downer-Mouchel
Roads Joint Venture partner KHSA Limited for consideration of $43.7 million, including cash of $19.5 million.

As KHSA Limited has a 50% interest in the Downer Mouchel Roads Joint Venture (alongside Downer's existing 50%
interest), Downer Mouchel Roads Joint Venture is now 100% controlled. On acquisition of the remaining 50% interest, the
initial investment was re-measured to fair value in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and compared to the
existing carrying value. As a result, $17.0 million fair value gain on re-measurement has been reported in the profit or loss.

The acquisition accounting for KHSA remains provisionally accounted for as at 31 December 2018.

Boleh Consulting (Boleh)
On 7 December 2018, the Group acquired the net assets of Boleh Consulting (“Boleh”) for total consideration of $1.4m. The
business provides a range of engineering services to the railway industry that include design of train control and signalling
systems, systems engineering, systems assurance and project management.
The acquisition accounting for Boleh remains provisionally accounted for as at 31 December 2018.

Measurement of fair values
The valuation techniques used for measuring the fair value of material assets acquired were as follows:
Asset acquired                               Valuation technique
Trade and other receivables                  Cost technique - considers the expected economic benefits receivable when due.
Property, plant and equipment                Market comparison technique and cost technique - the valuation model considers
                                             quoted market prices for similar items when available and depreciated replacement
                                             cost when appropriate.
Intangible assets                            Multi-period excess earnings method - considers the present value of net cash
                                             flows expected to be generated by the customer contracts and relationships,
                                             intellectual property and brand names, excluding any cash flows related to
                                             contributory assets. For the valuation of certain brand names, discounted cash flow
                                             under the relief from royalty valuation methodology has been utilised.
Trade and other payables                     Cost technique - considers the expected economic outflow of resources when due.
Borrowings                                   Cost technique - considers the expected economic outflow of resources when due.
Provisions                                   Cost technique - considers the probable economic outflow of resources when the
                                             obligation arises.
                                                                                                                        41
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

D7. Acquisition and disposal of businesses - continued

Goodwill
Goodwill arising from the acquisitions has been recognised as follows:
                                                                                                                              Total
                                                                                                             Note              $'m
Cash                                                                                                                          70.1
Deferred consideration and contingent consideration                                                                            2.5
                                                                                                                              72.6
Fair value gain on revaluation of existing interest in Downer Mouchel Joint Venture                                           17.0
Less: Net identifiable assets acquired                                                                                       (23.1)
Provisional goodwill arising from acquisitions                                                                 D4             66.5

Dec 2017

UrbanGrid                                                                Envista
On 1 July 2017, Downer acquired the net assets of UrbanGrid              On 2 March 2018, the Group acquired 100% of
Australia (UrbanGrid). UrbanGrid provides a wide range of specialist     Envista Pty Ltd and Smarter Contracting Pty Ltd
services to develop, operate and maintain Western Australia’s            (“Envista”). Envista provides strategy, architecture
essential water, energy and communications networks as well as           and delivery services in complex and sensitive
civil projects.                                                          environments. The acquisition enhances Downer’s
                                                                         services to customers in the Defence and National
The Group has concluded the acquisition accounting process for           Security sectors.
this acquisition.
                                                                         The Group has concluded the acquisition accounting
                                                                         process for this acquisition.
Cabrini
On 1 July 2017, Spotless Facility Services Pty Ltd acquired the
customer contracts and associated assets and liabilities of Cabrini      Integrated Services
Linen Service (referred to as “Cabrini”) from Cabrini Health Limited.    On 31 January 2018, the Group acquired the net
The primary purpose of this acquisition is to strengthen Spotless'       assets of Integrated Services. The business provides
linen capabilities, enhance customer service offerings and maintain      traffic infrastructure electrics related works and
Spotless' market-leading position in the Victorian health sector.        complements the existing Transport business
                                                                         capabilities.
The Group has concluded the acquisition accounting process for
this acquisition.                                                        The Group has concluded the acquisition accounting
                                                                         process for this acquisition.


Disposals
Dec 18
The Group did not dispose any business during the period ended 31 December 2018.

Dec 17
On 21 November 2017, Downer entered an agreement to sell its freight rail business to Progress Rail for $109 million
($122.7 million after adjusting for working capital movements). The sale was completed on 2 January 2018 with the final
settlement payment of $6.9 million in relation to working capital adjustments made during the period ended 31 December
2018.

Non-controlling interest (NCI)
The following table summarises the NCI in relation to the Group’s subsidiaries:
                                                                                        Dec 2018                     Jun 2018
                                                                          Spotless       Other           Total       Spotless
                                                                            $'m           $'m             $'m           $'m
Current assets                                                                 491.3          14.4          505.7         529.1
Non-current assets                                                           2,252.9           1.0        2,253.9       2,272.8
Current liabilities                                                           (517.8)         (5.8)        (523.6)       (521.1)
Non-current liabilities                                                    (1,025.3)          (0.2)      (1,025.5)     (1,009.9)
Net assets                                                                  1,201.1            9.4       1,210.5        1,270.9
NCI percentage                                                              12.198%         26.0%        12.301%       12.198%
Net assets attributable to NCI                                                 146.5           2.4         148.9          155.0



                                                                                                                        42
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018


         E
         Other


   E1. New accounting standards


E1. New accounting standards

a) New and amended accounting standards adopted by the Group

Changes in significant accounting policies

Except as described below, the accounting policies applied in the half year financial report are the same as those
applied in the Group’s consolidated Annual Report for the year ended 30 June 2018. The changes in accounting policies
will also be reflected in the Group’s consolidated Annual Report for the year ending 30 June 2019.


AASB 9: Financial Instruments
The Group has adopted AASB 9 Financial Instruments from 1 July 2018. Details of the new requirements of AASB 9 as
well as their impact on the Group’s consolidated financial report are described below.

The Group has designated the unquoted equity investment, previously classified as an available-for-sale investment
carried at fair value under AASB 139, as an investment measured at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income
(FVOCI). Consequently, all fair value gains and losses will be reported in the OCI and no impairment losses nor gains or
losses (when the investment is derecognised) will be recognised in the statement of profit or loss. Based on its
assessment, the Group does not believe that the new classification requirements will have a material impact.

AASB 15: Revenue from Contracts with Customers
The Group has adopted AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers from 1 July 2018. Details of the new
requirements of AASB 15 as well as their impact on the Group’s consolidated financial report are described below.

AASB 15 establishes a comprehensive framework for determining whether, how much and when revenue is recognised.
It has replaced AASB 118 Revenue , AASB 111 Construction Contracts and related interpretations. The core principle of
AASB 15 is that an entity shall recognise revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods and services to customers in
an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
services. This means that revenue will be recognised when control of goods or services is transferred rather than on
transfer of risks and rewards.




                                                                                                                    43
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

E1. New accounting standards - continued

a) New and amended accounting standards adopted by the Group - continued

AASB 15: Revenue from Contracts with Customers - continued

Impact on Application

The Group has adopted AASB 15 using the cumulative effect method, with the effect of initially applying this standard
recognised at the date of initial application (i.e. 1 July 2018). Accordingly, the information presented for the period ended
31 December 2017 has not been restated and it is presented, as previously reported, under AASB 118, AASB 111 and
related interpretations.

The following table summarises the Group impact (net of tax) of transition to AASB 15 recognised on retained earnings
and Non-controlling interest (NCI) on 1 July 2018. The table below only shows the balance sheet items impacted by the
adoption of AASB 15.

Impact on the opening balance of the condensed consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                               As reported     AASB 15              Opening
                                                                              30 June 2018 Adjustments           1 July 2018
                                                                                       $m           $m                   $m
Trade and other receivables                                                        2,121.9      (232.2)              1,889.7
Total current assets                                                               3,133.6      (232.2)              2,901.4

Trade and other receivables                                                            117.7           (49.4)           68.3
Deferred tax assets                                                                     75.5            44.7           120.2
Total non-current assets                                                             4,654.6            (4.7)        4,649.9
Total assets                                                                         7,788.2          (236.9)        7,551.3

Provisions                                                                             (50.7)          (34.8)          (85.5)
Total current liabilities                                                           (2,881.6)          (34.8)       (2,916.4)

Provisions                                                                             (65.1)          (50.4)         (115.5)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                              (170.2)           64.1          (106.1)
Total non-current liabilities                                                       (1,701.5)           13.7        (1,687.8)
Total liabilities                                                                   (4,583.1)          (21.1)       (4,604.2)
Net assets                                                                           3,205.1          (258.0)        2,947.1

Retained earnings                                                                      655.1          (245.3)          409.8
Parent interests                                                                     3,050.1          (245.3)        2,804.8
Non-controlling interest                                                               155.0           (12.7)          142.3
Total equity                                                                         3,205.1          (258.0)        2,947.1

Below is a summary of the impact on transition to AASB 15 on the Group’s retained earnings and NCI:

                                                                                                                  Impact on
                                                                                                                   transition
                                                                                                                 (net of tax)
                                                                                                                          $'m
Contract claims and variations - now referred to as contract modifications                                             204.8
Contract costs (Tender Costs)                                                                                           23.9
Performance Obligations and contract duration                                                                           26.8
Measure of Progress                                                                                                      2.5
Total                                                                                                                  258.0




                                                                                                                         44
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

E1. New accounting standards - continued

a) New and amended accounting standards adopted by the Group - continued

AASB 15: Revenue from Contracts with Customers - continued

On adoption, the key impacts on transition were as a result of the following changes:

Contract modifications
Revenue was previously recognised when it was probable that work performed will result in revenue whereas under
AASB 15, revenue is recognised when contract modifications are enforceable and to the extent that it is "highly
probable" that a significant reversal of revenue will not occur.

In making this assessment, the Group considers a number of factors including nature of the claim, formal or informal
acceptance by the customer of the validity of the claim, stage of negotiations, legal opinion on the enforceability of the
claim under the contract, or the historical outcome of similar claims to determine whether the enforceable and "highly
probable” threshold has been met.

As a result of the change to a higher threshold of approval for claims or variations and the "highly probable" threshold for
the estimation of the amount to be recognised as revenue, a $204.8 million after tax impact on transition was recognised
in retained earnings as at 1 July 2018.

Contract costs
Under AASB 111 Construction Contracts , costs incurred during the tender process were capitalised within contract
debtors when it was deemed probable the contract will be won. Under the new standard, costs incurred during the
tender / bid process will be expensed, unless they are incremental to obtaining the contract and the Group expects to
recover them or they are explicity chargeable to the customer, regardless of whether the contract is obtained. As a result
a $23.9 million after tax impact on transition was recognised in retained earnings as at 1 July 2018.

Performance obligations and contract duration
AASB 15 requires a more granular approach to identify the different revenue streams (i.e. performance obligations) in a
contract by identifying the different activities that are being undertaken and then aggregating only those where the
different activities are significantly integrated or highly interdependent. As a result of the change, additional performance
obligations were identified for some contracts which resulted in an adjustment of $26.8 million after tax to retained
earnings as at 1 July 2018.

Measure of progress
The Group measures revenue using the measure of progress that best reflects the Group’s performance in satisfying the
performance obligation within the contracts over time. The different methods of measuring progress include an input
method (e.g. costs incurred) or an output method (e.g. milestones reached).

On adoption of AASB 15, it was identified that for Rail maintainance contracts, the input method would better reflect the
measure of progress rather than the billing method previously used. As a result, a $2.5 million after tax impact on
transition was recognised in retained earnings as at 1 July 2018.

Tax
Adjustments under the new standards are subject to tax effect accounting and therefore the net deferred tax position
has been impacted.




                                                                                                                         45
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

E1. New accounting standards - continued

a) New and amended accounting standards adopted by the Group - continued

AASB 15: Revenue from Contracts with Customers - continued

Impact on the condensed interim consolidated statement of profit or loss

The following tables summarise the impact of adoption of AASB 15 on the Group's Condensed Consolidated Statement
of Financial Position and Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income for the
current period in comparison to the results that would have been reported if AASB 15 had not been applied.


                                                                                                          Amounts
                                                                                                           without
                                                                                                        adoption of
31 December 2018                                                         As reported Adjustments          AASB 15
                                                                                 $m          $m                 $m
Trade and other receivables                                                  1,986.2       246.6           2,232.8
Total current assets                                                         2,886.9       246.6           3,133.5

Trade and other receivables                                                      72.3          56.7            129.0
Deferred tax assets                                                             108.4         (44.5)            63.9
Total non-current assets                                                      4,775.2          12.2          4,787.4
Total assets                                                                  7,662.1         258.8          7,920.9

Provisions                                                                      (72.6)         21.6          (51.0)
Total current liabilities                                                    (2,876.9)         21.6       (2,855.3)

Provisions                                                                     (120.9)         45.5          (75.4)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                       (110.0)        (65.6)        (175.6)
Total non-current liabilities                                                (1,769.9)        (20.1)      (1,790.0)
Total liabilities                                                            (4,646.8)          1.5       (4,645.3)
Net assets                                                                    3,015.3         260.3        3,275.6

Retained earnings                                                               456.6         247.7            704.3
Parent interests                                                              2,866.4         247.7          3,114.1
Non-controlling interest                                                        148.9          12.6            161.5
Total equity                                                                  3,015.3         260.3          3,275.6


                                                                                                          Amounts
                                                                                                           without
                                                                                                        adoption of
For the six months ended 31 December 2018                                As reported Adjustments          AASB 15
                                                                                 $m          $m                 $m
Earnings before interest and tax                                               236.6         3.5             240.1

Net finance costs                                                              (42.1)              -          (42.1)
Profit before income tax                                                       194.5             3.5          198.0
Income tax expense                                                             (53.1)           (1.2)         (54.3)
Profit after income tax                                                        141.4             2.3          143.7

Profit for the period that is attributable to:
   Non-controlling interest                                                      7.2            (0.1)           7.1
   Members of the parent entity                                                134.2             2.4          136.6
Profit for the period                                                          141.4             2.3          143.7

There has been no material impact on other comprehensive income and consolidated statement of cash flow on
transition to AASB 15.



                                                                                                                46
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

E1. New accounting standards - continued

b) Accounting policies applied from 1 July 2018

AASB 15: Revenue from Contracts with Customers

Under AASB 15, revenue is recognised when a customer obtains control of the goods or services. Determining the
timing of the transfer of control – at a point in time or over time – requires judgement.

Rendering of Services
Services revenue is primarily generated from maintenance and other services supplied to infrastructure assets and
facilities across different sectors as well as from contract mining services, mining assets maintenance services, tyre
management, blasting, catering and laundry services. Typically, under the performance obligations of service contract,
the customer consume and receive the benefit of the service as it is provided. As such, service revenue is recognised
over time as the services are provided.

The new standard provides a higher threshold for recognition of variations, claims and incentives which only allows
revenue from variations and claims to be recognised to the extent they are approved or enforceable under the contract.
The amount of revenue is then recognised to the extent it is highly probable that a significant reversal of revenue will not
occur.

Construction Revenue
The contractual terms and the way in which the Group operates its construction contracts is predominantly derived from
projects containing one performance obligation. Under these performance obligations, customers simultaneously receive
and consume the benefits as the Group performs. Therefore contracted revenue is recognised over time based on stage
of completion of contract.

As with services revenue the new standard provides higher thresholds for recognition of variations, claims and
incentives such that they are only recognised to the extent that they are approved or enforceable under the contract. The
amount of revenue is then recognised to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal of revenue will not
occur.

Sale of goods
Revenue is recognised when the customer obtains control of goods and services.

Other revenue
Other revenue primarily includes rental income received by the Group.


Contract Modifications
Revenue in relation to modifications, such as a change in the scope of the contract, will only be included in the
transaction price, when it is approved by the parties to the contract, the modification is enforceable and the amount
becomes highly probable. Modifications will be recognised when client instruction has been received in line with
customary business practice for the customer.

Revenue in relation to claims and variations, where the Group has an approved enforceable right to payment, is only
included in the transaction price when the amount claimable becomes highly probable.

In making this assessment, the Group considers a number of factors including nature of the claim, formal or informal
acceptance by the customer of the validity of the claim, stage of negotiations, or the historical outcome of similar claims
to determine whether the enforceable and "highly probable" threshold has been met.




                                                                                                                        47
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

E1. New accounting standards - continued

b) Accounting policies applied from 1 July 2018 - continued

AASB 15: Revenue from Contracts with Customers - continued

Contract costs (Tender costs)
Costs incurred during the tender / bid process are expensed, unless they are incremental to obtaining the contract and
the Group expects to recover those costs or where they are explicitly chargeable to the customer regardless of whether
the contract is obtained. The Group applies the practical expedient available under AASB 15 and does not capitalise
incremental costs of obtaining contracts if the amortisation period is one year or less.

Performance obligations and contract duration
Revenue is allocated to each performance obligation and recognised as the performance obligation is satisfied which
may be at a point in time or over time.

AASB 15 requires a granular approach to identify the different revenue streams (i.e. performance obligations) in a
contract by identifying the different activities that are being undertaken and then aggregating only those where the
different activities are significantly integrated or highly interdependent. Revenue will continue to be recognised, on
certain contracts over time, as a single performance obligation when the services are part of a series of distinct goods
and services that are substantially integrated with the same pattern of transfer.

AASB 15 provides guidance in respect of the term over which revenue may be recognised and is limited to the period for
which the parties have enforceable rights and obligations. When the customer can terminate a contract for convenience
(without a substantive penalty), the contract term and related revenue is limited to the termination period.

The Group has elected to apply the practical expedient to not adjust the total consideration over the contract term for the
effect of a financing component if the period between the transfer of services to the customer and the customer’s
payment for these services is expected to be one year or less.

Measure of progress
The Group measures revenue using the measure of progress that best reflects the Group’s performance in satisfying the
performance obligation within the contracts over time. The different methods of measuring progress include an input
method (e.g. costs incurred) or an output method (e.g. milestones reached). The same method of measuring progress
will be consistently applied to similar performance obligations.

Variable consideration
Variable consideration that is contingent on the Group’s performance, including key performance payments, liquidated
damages and abatements that offset revenue under the contract, is recognised only when it is highly probable, that a
reversal of that revenue will not occur.

In addition, where the identified revenue stream is determined to be a series of distinct goods or services that are
substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer to the customer (for example maintenance services);
variable consideration is recognised in the period/(s) in which the series of distinct goods or services subject to the
variable consideration are completed.

Loss-making contracts
Loss-making contracts are now recognised under AASB 137 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets as
onerous contracts.




                                                                                                                       48
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

E1. New accounting standards - continued

b) Accounting policies applied from 1 July 2018 - continued

AASB 9: Financial instruments

This standard replaces AASB 139 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement . AASB 9 includes revised
guidance on the classification and measurement of financial instruments, including a new expected credit loss model for
calculation of impairment on financial assets, and new general hedge accounting requirements. It also carries forward
guidance on recognition and derecognition of financial instruments from AASB 139.

Classification and measurement – financial assets and liabilities
AASB 9 contains a new classification and measurement approach for financial assets that reflects the business model in
which assets are managed and their cash flow characteristics.

AASB 9 contains three principal classification categories for financial assets: measured at amortised cost, fair value
through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) and fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL). The standard eliminates the
existing AASB139 categories of held to maturity, loans and receivables and available for sale, whilst the existing
requirements for the classification of financial liabilities in AASB 139 is retained. The adoption of AASB 9 has not had a
significant effect on the Group’s accounting policies related to financial assets.

Impairment
AASB 9 replaces the "incurred loss” model in AASB 139 with a forward looking “expected credit loss” (ECL) model. The
Group exercises considerable judgement about how changes in economic factors affect ECL, which is determined on a
probability-weighted basis. There is consideration around the probability of default upon initial recognition and
subsequent assessment as to whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk at each reporting period.

This impairment model applies to financial assets measured at amortised cost or FVOCI (except for investments in
equity instruments).


Under AASB 9, loss allowances are measured on either of the following bases:
- 12-month ECLs: where there are ECLs that result from possible default events within 12 months from the reporting
   date; and
- Lifetime ECLs: these are ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial
   instrument.

The Group has applied the simplified approach to recognise lifetime expected credit losses for trade receivables, and
finance lease receivables as permitted by AASB 9. The Group notes that the impact on transition from application of the
expected credit loss model of AASB 9 is not material.

Hedge accounting
AASB 9 aligns the accounting for hedging instruments more closely with the Group’s risk management objectives and
strategy and applies a more qualitative and forward-looking approach to assessing hedge effectiveness. The Group has
elected to adopt the general hedge accounting model in AASB 9. AASB 9 introduces new requirements on rebalancing
hedge relationships and prohibiting voluntary discontinuation of hedge accounting. Under the new model, it is possible
that more risk management strategies, particularly those involving hedging a risk component (other than foreign
currency risk) of a non-financial item, will be likely to qualify for hedge accounting.

Similar to the Group’s prior period hedge accounting policy, management does not intend to exclude the forward
element of foreign currency forward contracts from designated hedging relationships. The Group previously elected to
adjust non-financial hedged items with gains/losses arising from effective cash flow hedges under AASB 139 which is
mandatory under AASB 9.




                                                                                                                      49
Notes to the condensed consolidated financial report - continued
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018

E1. New accounting standards - continued

c) New accounting standards and interpretations not yet adopted

The following standards, amendments to standards and interpretations are relevant to current operations. They are
available for early adoption but have not been applied by the Group in this Financial Report.

AASB 16 - Leases

AASB 16 Leases will replace the current leasing standard AASB 117, and contains significant changes to the accounting
treatment of leases around how to recognise, measure and disclose leases. The new standard provides a single lessee
accounting model, requiring lessees to recognise assets and liabilities for all leases, with the exception of short term
(less than 12 months) and low value leases. AASB 16 applies to annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 July
2019.

The Group manages its owned and leased assets to ensure there is an appropriate level of equipment to meet its
current obligations and to tender for new work. The decision as to whether to lease or purchase an asset is dependent
on the finance available at the time and the residual risk of ownership following the anticipated completion of the project.


As at 31 December 2018, Management has reviewed the current lease related business processes, controls,
governance and the future state requirements. Analysis on the existing lease databases (systems or documents) was
performed and, with the lease contract data fields, serving as a basis for the design of the lease system implementation.
Detailed contract reviews across the divisions are ongoing to conclude whether contracts contain or should be
accounted as a lease under AASB 16. Moreover, the lease data enrichment process has commenced while the
quantification of the likely impact of AASB 16 for existing or known lease contracts (currently disclosed as operating
lease commitments) is ongoing.

As a result, the Group has not yet quantified the impact of the new standard. However, the following impacts are
expected on implementation date:

     •   Total assets and total liabilities will increase, due to the recognition of a “Right of Use Asset” and a “Lease
         Liability” grossing up the assets and liabilities in the Statement of Financial position;
     •   Interest expense will increase due to the effective interest rate implicit in the lease, where the interest expense
         component is higher in early years on the lease;
     •   Depreciation charge will increase as the depreciation of the right of use assets is recognised;
     •   Management will no longer recognise provisions for operating leases assessed to be onerous and will instead,
         include the payments due under the lease in its lease liability and assess the right of use of assets for
         impairment;
     •   Operating cash flows will be favourable as repayment of the principal portion of all lease liabilities will be
         classified as financing activities.

AASB 16 must be implemented retrospectively either, with the restatement of comparatives or, under the modified
retrospective approach, with the cumulative impact of initial application recognised as an adjustment to opening retained
earnings as at 1 July 2019.

Under the modified retrospective approach, on a lease-by-lease basis, the right of use of an asset may be deemed to be
equivalent to the lease liability at transition or calculated retrospectively as at inception of the lease.

The Group is in the process of assessing available options for transition.

Other

The following new or amended standards are not expected to have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated
financial statements:

- AASB 2014-10 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
and its Associate or Joint Venture;
- AASB 2016-5 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Classification and Measurement of Share-based
Payment Transactions;
- AASB 2017-4 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments; and
- AASB 2017-7 Amendments to Australian Accounting Standards – Long term interest in Associates and JVs.



                                                                                                                        50
Directors' Declaration
for the half-year ended 31 December 2018



In the opinion of the Directors' of Downer EDI Limited:

(a) the condensed consolidated half-year Financial Report and notes set out on pages 21 to 50, are in accordance
    with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth), including:
      (i) giving a true and fair view of the Group's financial position as at 31 December 2018 and of its performance
          for the six month period ended on that date; and
     (ii) complying with Australian Accounting Standard AASB134 Interim Financial Reporting and the Corporations
          Regulations 2001 ; and
(b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they
    become due and payable.



Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors:




On behalf of the Directors




R M Harding
Chairman

Sydney, 7 February 2019




                                                                                                                    51
                                                                                                    Downer EDI Limited
                                                                                                   ABN 97 003 872 848
                                                                                                Triniti Business Campus
                                                                                                           39 Delhi Road
                                                                                                 North Ryde NSW 2113

                                                                                                      1800 DOWNER
                                                                                               www.downergroup.com




Media/ASX and NZX Release
7 February 2019


                 DOWNER REPORTS 24% GROWTH IN EARNINGS
Downer EDI Limited (Downer) today announced its financial results for the six months to 31 December 2018.
The highlights are set out below.

   Net profit after tax and before amortisation of acquired intangible assets (NPATA) of $163.4 million, up
    23.8% from underlying NPATA of $132.0 million in the prior corresponding period.

   Net profit after tax (NPAT) of $141.4 million, compared with a statutory NPAT loss of $15.9 million in the
    prior corresponding period.

   FY19 NPATA target guidance increased from $335 million to $352 million, taking into account the fair
    value gain of $17 million from acquiring the remaining 50% of the Downer Mouchel joint venture.

   Total revenue of $6.6 billion, up 8.6%.

   Operating cash flow of $355.3 million, representing cash conversion of 91% of adjusted earnings before
    interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA).

   Gearing of 23.8%, down from 24.6% in the prior corresponding period, with liquidity of $1.4 billion.

   Work-in-hand of $43.5 billion, up from $42.0 billion at 30 June 2018.

   Interim dividend 14 cents per share (50% franked), up 7.7% from the prior corresponding period.

All the figures above include 100% contribution from Spotless, before minority interests.


The Chief Executive Officer of Downer, Grant Fenn, said Downer achieved good revenue growth in the
period with a strong increase in earnings.

“An increasing proportion of Downer’s earnings are coming from our Urban Services businesses of
Transport, Utilities and Facilities,” Mr Fenn said. “These businesses have market leading positions and are
leveraged to the long-term trends of increasing urbanisation, growing population, government outsourcing
and technology proliferation.

“Our Urban Services businesses are well positioned for growth, require modest capital expenditure and have
a high proportion of long term contracts with a diverse and high-quality customer base. As recently as
yesterday we received an order from the New South Wales Government for an additional 17 Waratah Series
2 trains.”

Mr Fenn said Downer’s strategic focus on services had reduced the contribution from construction related
activities to just 17% of Group EBITA.




                                                                                                      Page 1 of 3
“Construction is an important part of our service capability but our involvement is now limited to projects that
help drive long term services contracts with our customers.”

Mr Fenn said Downer was continuing to grow its maintenance and asset services business within its
Engineering, Construction & Maintenance (EC&M) service line as LNG and CSG markets transition from
construction to operations.

“Maintenance and asset services is now a larger and more profitable contributor to EC&M than construction,”
Mr Fenn said.

Downer’s Mining business delivered a significantly improved performance, including a 76.6% jump in EBITA.

“We have won new work and contract extensions at both open cut and underground mines and across coal,
iron ore, copper and gold,” Mr Fenn said. “The growth in EBITA was driven by these contract wins as well as
overhead cost reduction and improved operational productivity.”

Downer’s cash performance continued to be strong, predictable and reliable with Group cash flow
conversion of 91% of adjusted EBITDA. Gearing is 23.8%, down from 24.6% in the prior corresponding
period, and the company has liquidity of $1.4 billion.

“Downer has a strong balance sheet to support our strategy of investing in growth, including targeted bolt-on
acquisitions,” Mr Fenn said.

Downer reports its financial results under five service lines and the performance of each service line,
compared with the prior corresponding period, is summarised below.


Urban Services
Transport                                         Utilities
Total revenue of $2.1 billion, up 0.8%            Total revenue of $1.2 billion, up 27.5%
EBITA of $87.9 million, up 9.7%                   EBITA of $64.7 million, up 19.6%
Work-in-hand of $17.9 billion                     Work-in-hand of $3.3 billion

Facilities
Total revenue of $1.7 billion, down 2.8%
EBITA of $81.3 million, up 5.6%
Work-in-hand of $17.3 billion

Mining, Energy and Industrials
Mining                                            Engineering, Construction & Maintenance
Total revenue of $714.2 million, up 3.6%          Total revenue of $945.1 million, up 34.1%
EBITA of $36.9 million, up 76.6%                  EBITA of $22.4 million, down 4.7%
Work-in-hand of $3.3 billion                      Work-in-hand of $1.7 billion


Safety

Downer continues to perform well against key health and safety indicators with a Lost Time Injury Frequency
Rate of 0.68 per million hours worked and a Total Recordable Injury Frequency Rate of 3.09 per million
hours worked.




                                                                                                      Page 2 of 3
Dividend

The Downer Board resolved to pay interim dividend of 14.0 cents per share, 50% franked, (13.0 cents per
share 50% franked in the prior corresponding period) payable on 21 March, 2019 to shareholders on the
register at 21 February, 2019. The unfranked portion of the dividend (50%) will be paid out of Conduit
Foreign Income. The company’s Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) remains suspended and will not operate
for this dividend.




For further information please contact:

Michael Sharp, Group Head of Corporate Affairs and Investor Relations                     +61 439 470 145

About Downer
Downer is the leading provider of integrated services in Australia and New Zealand and customers are at the
heart of everything it does. It exists to create and sustain the modern environment and its promise is to work
closely with its customers to help them succeed, using world-leading insights and solutions to design, build
and sustain assets, infrastructure and facilities. Downer employs more than 53,000 people across more than
300 sites, primarily in Australia and New Zealand, but also in the Asia-Pacific region, South America and
Southern Africa. It also owns 88 per cent of Spotless Group Holdings Limited. For more information visit
downergroup.com




                                                                                                   Page 3 of 3
HY19 Financial Results




            Delivering operationally and financially
                                  Safety                                       Earnings growth                                          Cash conversion                                Balance sheet

                                  LTIFR of 0.68 and                              23.8% NPATA1                                             Operating cash flow                           Gearing of 23.8% v




          Our focus areas
                                  TRIFR of 3.09,                                 growth v HY183                                           of $355.3m, cash                              24.6% in HY18 and
                                  improving on HY18                                                                                       conversion of 90.7%                           $1.4bn of liquidity
                                  Zero Harm embedded in                          FY19 guidance increased                                  Continue delivering cash                      Balance sheet flexibility
                                  culture and fundamental                        to $352 million NPATA1                                   backed earnings with                          to support growth
                                  to success                                                                                              +90% cash conversion to                       strategy
                                                                                                                                          adjusted EBITDA

                                  Total revenue2 $m                            EBITA1 $m                                               NPATA1 $m                                  Operating Cash Flow $m




          Our financial results
                                   8,000                                         300         268.0                                         200                                          400         355.3
                                           6,623.0                                                                                                     163.4
                                                      6,100.5                    250                           222.3                                                                                                307.1
                                   6,000                                                                                                   150                 132.0                    300
                                                                                 200
                                   4,000                                         150                                                       100                                          200

                                                                                 100
                                   2,000                                                                                                    50                                          100
                                                                                  50
                                      0                                             -                                                         -                                            -
                                           HY19        HY18                                  HY19              HY18                                    HY19    HY18                                HY19             HY18

                                   +8.6% v HY18                                  +20.6% v HY183                                            +23.8% v HY183                                +15.7% v HY18
      All figures above and throughout the presentation include 100% contribution from Spotless, before minority interests, unless stated otherwise.
      1 Downer calculates EBITA and NPATA by adjusting EBIT and NPAT to add back acquired intangible assets amortisation expense. Group HY19 $31.4m, $22.0m after-tax (HY18: $30.7m, $21.6m after-tax). FY19 guidance includes the fair value

      gain from acquiring the remaining 50% of the Downer Mouchel JV in late 1H19.
      2 Total revenue above and throughout the presentation is a non-statutory disclosure and includes revenue from joint ventures and other alliances and other income.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                2
      3 HY18 figures are underlying.
HY19 Financial Results




          Downer’s earnings are heavily weighted to
          the growing Urban Services markets
      Urban Services                                                                                             Mining, Energy and Industrial Services
       75%                 80%                 4.7%                                                                                25%                20%           3.6%
       Revenue             EBITA1              EBITA margin                                                                  12%   Revenue            EBITA1        EBITA margin


                           — Road services                                          30%
                                                                                                                 Mining                      Mining
                           — Bitumen and logistics                                                                                  8%
                                                                                                                                             — Open Cut
                           — Transport infrastructure projects
                                                                                                Transport                                    — Underground
         Transport         — Heavy rail, light rail, buses
                                                                                                                            EC&M             — Blasting and Tyre Management        Mining



                           — Power and gas
                           — Water                                                                                                           Energy and Resources
                           — Renewables                                                                                                      — Engineering
                           — Communications                                                                                                  — Construction
            Utilities
                                                                                                                                             — Asset management services           EC&M

                           — Hospitality and FM
                           — Health, Education, Defence,                                                              Facilities
                               Justice, Resources, Infrastructure
                           — Mechanical & Electrical (M&E) and                                       Utilities                     28%
                               Heating, Ventilation and Air-
            Facilities
                               conditioning (HVAC)
                           — Laundries                                                    22%
                           — Hawkins
                                                                                                                                                                                            3
        1 Chart split based on HY19 EBITA (excludes unallocated corporate costs).
HY19 Financial Results




          Urban Services
          Transport, Utilities, Facilities                                                                                                                                        Work-in-hand
          Leveraged to the long-term trends of increasing urbanisation, growing
          population, government outsourcing and technology proliferation

                                                                                                                                                                                            $38.5bn
                                        Transport spend ($bn)1                                                                       Population (m)2

                                                                               26         29                                                                    2017   2030
                                 24         25         24         24
                          18                                                                                        6.1                6.1
                                                                                                            5.1                4.9
                                                                                                                                                          3.2
                                                                                                                                                    2.4                2.0
                                                                                                                                                                 1.7
                                                                                                                                                                              EBITA by service line
                         2017   2018      2019       2020       2021         2022       2023                  Sydney          Melbourne             Brisbane      Auckland


        Strategic focus areas
         Leverage leading positions in growing markets                                                                                                                                     $233.9m
         Strategic investment in existing operations and targeted acquisitions
         Continued innovation

             1 BIS Oxford Economics - Engineering in Australia Study. Public sector road and railways construction spend plus private toll roads.                               Transport     Utilities   Facilities
             2 Australian Bureau of Statistics - Australian Demographic   Projections, Auckland City Council - Auckland 2050 Plan.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       4
HY19 Financial Results




 Mining, Energy & Industrial Services
          Mining and Engineering, Construction & Maintenance (EC&M)                                                                                               Work-in-hand
          Leading engineering, construction, operations and contract mining
          provider experiencing improved conditions due to favourable global
          resources outlook
                              Mining capital and maintenance spend ($bn)1                                                 Production volumes2                          $5.0bn
                                                                                       82                           974                         2017   2023
                                                                            75                               873
                                                                   61
                         53       50                 55                                                                                642
                                          47                                                                                 567


                                                                                                                                                105    157


                    2017         2018   2019       2020       2021        2022       2023                     Iron Ore          Coal             Oil & Gas    EBITA by Service Line

          Strategic focus areas
           Continue to grow maintenance and asset services as LNG and CSG
            markets transition from construction to operations                                                                                                         $59.3m

           Diversification of Mining’s service offerings
           Drive further capital efficiency

             1 BIS Oxford Economics - Mining in Australia Study.                                                                                                     Mining     EC&M
             2 BIS Oxford Economics - Mining in Australia Study. Iron Ore (mt), Coal (mt), Oil & Gas (Gm3)

                                                                                                                                                                                       5
HY19 Financial Results




          Downer’s strategic focus on services has
          reduced construction to just 17% of EBITA
              EBITA composition1                                                    Services:
                                                                                     Continued transformation to integrated services business
                                                                                     High proportion of long term services based contracts
                                                                                     Higher margin and more stable and defensive earnings
                                                                                     Diverse and high quality customer base


                                                                                    Construction:
                                                                                     Projects that will help drive long term services contracts
                                                                                     Reduce exposure to high risk markets
                              Construction            Services                       Improve project performance




                                                                                                                                                   6
        1 Chart split based on HY19 EBITA (excludes unallocated corporate costs).
HY19 Financial Results




           Downer’s shareholder value proposition


                         Business                                Aligned to growing                          Increased exposure to
                                                                                                                                                                                                        23.8% NPATA
                                                                 markets and serving                           low capital, service                       Strategic acquisitions
                         growth                                   quality customers                           oriented businesses                                                                      growth v HY181,2




                         Efficient use                            Continue strong                                Strategic capital                         Maintaining a strong
                                                                 operating cash flow                           allocation, cost and                         balance sheet and                              12.8% ROFE3
                         of capital                                  discipline                                 capital efficiency                             credit rating




                                                                                                               Increasing EPS and                                                                         Targeting 19%
                         Shareholder                            Consistently growing
                                                                                                               maintaining a 50% -
                                                                                                                                                           TSR growth through
                                                                                                                                                                                                          EPS growth in
                                                                   EPS and DPS                                                                              continued delivery
                         value                                                                                   60% payout ratio
                                                                                                                                                                                                              FY194

             1 Downer calculates EBITA and NPATA by adjusting EBIT and NPAT to add back acquired intangible assets amortisation expense. Group HY19 $31.4m, $22.0m after-tax (HY18: $30.7m, $21.6m after-tax).
             2 HY18 underlying

                                                                                                                                                                                                                          7
             3 Throughout the presentation, ROFE = 12 month rolling underlying EBITA divided by average funds employed (AFE); AFE = Average Opening and Closing Net Debt + Equity.
             4 EPS is calculated using FY18 underlying NPATA and FY19 NPATA market guidance after taking into account minority interest and ROADS dividends.
HY19 Financial Results




           Managing for success

          Culture and people                                       Accountability framework
           Focus on employee well-being                            CEOs accountable for business performance
           Employer of choice for high quality people              Systems focused on transparency
           Scale, innovation and opportunity                       Managers accountable to external and internal
           Stability, focus and direction                           stakeholders



                                                             1                                                         2
           Sustainable decision making                             Remuneration structures drive consistent
                                                                     Zero Harm, earnings, cash and people focus




          Risk management                                          Business planning and
           Inherent risk aversion
                                                                   performance
           Robust bid approval process                             Robust planning process for short and long term
           Focused Project Management Office and Internal Audit    Focus on capital allocation, returns and cash conversion
           Construction risk limited


                                                                                                                       4
                                                                    Monthly business performance reviews


                                                             3
           Centralised Legal and Compliance                        Common management systems and processes


                                                                                                                                8
HY19 Financial Results




                         Group results




                                         9
HY19 Financial Results




           Financial performance
                                                                                             $m                                Group HY19   Group HY181   Change (%)



            Revenue growth of $523 million                                                  Total revenue2                      6,623.0      6,100.5        8.6

             or 8.6%                                                                         EBITDA                               413.0        376.8         9.6

            EBITA margin improvement                                                        EBITA3                               268.0        222.3         20.6
             from 3.6% to 4.0%
                                                                                             EBIT                                 236.6        191.6         23.5
            Dividend up 7.7% to 14 cps
                                                                                             Net interest expense                 (42.1)       (41.0)        (2.7)

                                                                                             Tax expense                          (53.1)       (40.2)       (32.1)

                                                                                             NPAT                                 141.4        110.4         28.1

                                                                                             NPATA3                               163.4        132.0         23.8

                                                                                             EBITA margin                         4.0%         3.6%          0.4

                                                                                             Effective tax rate                  27.3%         26.7%         0.6

1 HY18 figures are underlying.
                                                                                             ROFE4                               12.8%         11.3%         1.5
2 Total revenue is a non-statutory disclosure and includes revenue from joint ventures and

other alliances and other income.
3 Downer calculates EBITA and NPATA by adjusting EBIT and NPAT to add back
                                                                                             Dividend declared (cps)              14.0         13.0          7.7
acquired intangible assets amortisation expense. Group HY19 $31.4m, $22.0m after-tax
(HY18: $30.7m, $21.6m after-tax).
4 ROFE = 12 month rolling underlying EBITA divided by average funds employed (AFE);
                                                                                             Ordinary Dividend payout ratio5     52.3%         60.4%         (8.1)
AFE = Average Opening and Closing Net Debt + Equity
5 Ordinary dividend payout ratio = Dividends divided by (NPATA – ROADS dividend).

                                                                                                                                                                       10
HY19 Financial Results




           Summary of earnings HY19

                                                                                                                                                                                     Add back
                                                                                                                                                                                   amortisation
                                                                                  Net interest
               $m                                       EBIT                                                      Tax expense                            NPAT                       of acquired                NPATA1
                                                                                   expense
                                                                                                                                                                                    intangibles
                                                                                                                                                                                      post-tax

               Statutory result                         236.6                            (42.1)                          (53.1)                           141.4                            22.0                 163.4

               Less: Fair value
               gain on existing                         (17.0)                              -                               -                             (17.0)                              -                 (17.0)
               Downer Mouchel JV

               Adjusted result                          219.6                           (42.1)                           (53.1)                           124.4                            22.0                 146.4




           1 Downer calculates EBITA and NPATA by adjusting EBIT and NPAT to add back acquired intangible assets amortisation expense. Group HY19 $31.4m, $22.0m after-tax (HY18: $30.7m, $21.6m after-tax).




                                                                                                                                                                                                                         11
HY19 Financial Results




           AASB 15 – impact on Downer
                                                                                                 Disclosure                     As
                                                           $m                                   of estimate    Adjustment    reported
         Opening retained earnings impact substantially                                        at 30 Jun 18                31 Dec 18
          as reported at 30 June 2018                      Contract modifications (claims and
                                                                                                   198.9          5.9         204.8
                                                           variations)
         Earnings not materially different when
          comparing new standard to previous reporting     Contract costs (tender costs)            23.9           -           23.9
          requirement for HY19
                                                           Change in performance obligations
         Further details disclosed in Note E1. New        and measure of progress
                                                                                                    29.3           -           29.3

          accounting standards                             Decrease in opening retained
                                                                                                   252.1          5.9         258.0
                                                           earnings at 1 Jul 18 (after tax)




                                                                                                                             Group
                                                           $m
                                                                                                                             HY19

                                                           NPAT as reported                                                   141.4

                                                           Impact of AASB 15 adjustments                                       2.3

                                                           NPAT without adoption of AASB 15                                   143.7




                                                                                                                                      12
HY19 Financial Results




           Operating cash flow
                                                                                                                    Group    Group
                                                                                   $m                                                 Change (%)
                                                                                                                    HY19     HY18
           Cash flow conversion increased from 88% to
            91%                                                                    EBIT                             236.6    191.61      23.5

           Downer Group cash remains predictable and                              Add: depreciation and
                                                                                   amortisation
                                                                                                                    176.4    185.2       (4.8)
            reliable                                                               Less: Non-cash fair value gain
                                                                                                                    (17.0)      -        100
           Spotless conversion 76.7% of EBITDA                                    on existing Downer Mouchel JV

            (91.6% excluding nRAH)                                                 Adjusted EBITDA                  396.0    376.81      5.1

                                                                                   Operating cash flow              355.3    307.1       15.7

                                                                                   Add: Net interest paid2           35.3     34.3       2.9

                                                                                   Less: Tax received               (31.5)    (9.3)     >(100)

                                                                                   Adjusted operating cash flow     359.1    332.1       8.1

                                                                                   EBITDA conversion                90.7%    88.1%       2.6




             1 Underlying
             2 Interest and other costs of finance paid minus interest received.

                                                                                                                                                   13
  HY19 Financial Results




             Cash flow                                              $m                               Group HY19   Group HY18   Change (%)

                                                                    Total operating                     355.3        307.1        15.7

                                                                    Net capital expenditure            (191.7)      (188.4)       (1.8)
           Continued investment in growth and strategic
            bolt-on acquisitions                                    Spotless acquisition1                 -         (391.8)       100


           Continued strong liquidity to fund future growth        Other acquisitions                  (46.0)       (37.6)      (22.3)

           Growth capital in Mining as new projects                IT Transformation and Other         (14.5)       (29.2)       50.3

            mobilise                                                Loans to JVs and other              (13.5)       (0.4)       >(100)
           Capital management through debt repayment               Total investing                    (265.7)      (647.4)       59.0
            and increased returns to shareholders
                                                                    Issue of shares (net of costs)        -          (0.2)        100

                                                                    Net (repayments) / proceeds of
                                                                                                       (106.3)       63.7        >(100)
                                                                    borrowings

                                                                    Dividends paid                      (87.4)       (75.3)      (16.1)

                                                                    Total financing                    (193.7)       (11.8)      >(100)

                                                                    Net decrease in cash               (104.1)      (352.1)       70.4

                                                                    Cash at 31 December                 505.3        490.4        3.0

                                                                    Total liquidity                    1,360.3      1,375.4       (1.1)


1 Gross consideration paid to achieve 87.8% interest in Spotless.
                                                                                                                                            14
HY19 Financial Results




           Balance sheet and capital management
                                                                                                 $m                                                                                      Dec-18                                 Jun-18
         Balance sheet well positioned for
                                                                                                 Current assets                                                                          2,886.9                                3,133.6
          growth
                                                                                                 Non-current assets                                                                      4,775.2                                4,654.6
         Gearing remains in target range
                                                                                                 - Goodwill                                                                              2,422.3                                2,351.5
         Increase in net PPE primarily in
                                                                                                                                                                                           457.2
          Transport and Mining on secured                                                        - Acquired intangible assets                                                                                                    458.0

          new contracts                                                                          - PP&E, Software and other                                                              1,895.7                                1,845.1

         No movement in net debt                                                                Total liabilities                                                                      (4,646.8)                              (4,583.1)

         Reduction in net assets and                                                             Net Assets                                                                             3,015.3                                3,205.1

          increase in gearing primarily a result                                                  Net Debt1                                                                               (940.0)                               (940.0)
          of adoption of AASB15
                                                                                                 Gearing: net debt / net debt plus equity                                                 23.8%                                  22.7%
         Credit metrics have improved and
                                                                                                  Interest cover                                                                           6.8x                                   6.3x
          remain well within thresholds
                                                                                                  Net debt / EBITDA                                                                         1.1                                    1.2

                                                                                                  Adjusted Net Debt / Adjusted EBITDAR2                                                    2.17x                                 2.23x




             1 Adjusted for the marked-to-market derivatives and deferred finance charges
             2 Adjusted Net Debt includes Net Debt plus 6x operating lease expenses in the year. Adjusted EBITDAR equals underlying earnings   before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and operating lease expense (on a rolling 12
             month basis).                                                                                                                                                                                                                     15
HY19 Financial Results




           Debt maturity profile (Downer and Spotless)
        Weighted average debt duration of
         3.8 years1                                                                                       1,000
         (4.0 years at Jun-18)
                                                                                                               900
        Diversified funding sources                                                                           800

        Improvement in both key credit                                                                        700
         metrics since Jun-18
                                                                                                         A$m   600
        Spotless net debt continues to                                                                        500
         reduce
                                                                                                               400

     Metric                                                     Dec-18           Jun-18                        300

   Interest cover                                                 6.8x           6.3x                          200
   Adjusted Net Debt / Adjusted
                                                                 2.17x           2.23x                         100
   EBITDAR2
                                                                                                                 0
     Net debt ($m)                                              Dec-18           Jun-18
   Downer                                                        237.3           198.7                                 Jun-19   Jun-20    Jun-21   Jun-22   Jun-23   Jun-24   Jun-25   Jun-26   Jun-27   Jun-28   Jun-29   Jun-30    Jun-31   Jun-32   Jun-33
                                                                                                                                                   Weighted average debt duration (including SPO)
   Spotless                                                      702.7           741.3                                                               Dec 2018 = 3.72 years (Jun 2018) = 4 years
   Group                                                        940.0            940.0                                  Syndicated bank facilities   Bilateral bank facilities A$ MTN    USPP     JPY MTN                                     Other



       1 Based on the weighted average life of debt facilities (by A$m limit).
       2 Adjusted Net Debt includes Net Debt plus 6x operating lease expenses in the year. Adjusted EBITDAR equals underlying earnings   before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and operating lease expense (on a rolling 12 month basis).            16
HY19 Financial Results




                         Urban
                         Services




                                    17
HY19 Financial Results




           Transport
                                Revenue $m                   EBITA $m              EBITA margin           ROFE




          Financial results
                                 2,500                       100   87.9             5%   4.3%              25%   21.9%
                                         2,061.0   2,044.8                  80.1                   3.9%
                                 2,000                        80                                                          18.6%
                                                                                    4%                     20%
                                 1,500                        60                    3%                     15%
                                 1,000                        40                    2%                     10%
                                  500                         20                    1%                     5%
                                    0                          0                    0%                     0%
                                         HY19      HY18            HY19     HY18         HY19      HY18          HY19     HY18


                                 +0.8% v HY18                +9.7% v HY18           +0.4% v HY18           +3.3% v HY18



                                 Revenue growth in 1H19 despite reduction of $83m from Freight Rail divestment in 1H18




          Operational factors
                                 Continued strong performance across road services, bituminous products, rail and light rail
                                 Major rolling stock projects (HCMT and SGT) are performing well
                                 A further 17 SGT trains announced by NSW Government on 6 February ($900 million)
                                 Downer JV awarded contract to build Stage 1 of the Parramatta Light Rail project
                                 Acquisition of remaining 50% of Downer Mouchel enhances network management capability

                                                                                                                                  18
HY19 Financial Results




          Utilities
                                Revenue $m                 EBITA $m               EBITA margin            ROFE
                                                                                                   5.7%




          Financial results
                                 1,400                     70   64.7               6%   5.3%               35%
                                         1,212.5                                                                 28.8%
                                 1,200                     60              54.1    5%                      30%
                                                   950.9                                                                  24.7%
                                 1,000                     50                                              25%
                                                                                   4%
                                   800                     40                                              20%
                                                                                   3%
                                   600                     30                                              15%
                                   400                     20                      2%
                                                                                                           10%
                                   200                     10                      1%                      5%
                                     0                      0                      0%                      0%
                                         HY19      HY18         HY19   HY18             HY19       HY18          HY19     HY18


                                 +27.5% v HY18             +19.6% v HY18           (0.4)% v HY18           +4.1% v HY18



                                 Continued strong performance from Communications




          Operational factors
                                 Growth through improvement in Water
                                 Expansion of Power and Gas distribution businesses
                                 Margin negatively impacted by performance in Renewables
                                 Remaining solar projects performing to budget
                                 Significant opportunities from transmission line investment

                                                                                                                                  19
HY19 Financial Results




          Facilities1
                                 Revenue $m                                        EBITA $m                 EBITA margin           ROFE
                                                                                                                  4.9%                    15.0%




          Financial results
                                  2,000                                              100                     5%             4.5%    16%            14.8%
                                          1,667.0        1,715.1                              81.3   77.0                           14%
                                                                                      80                     4%
                                  1,500                                                                                             12%
                                                                                      60                     3%                     10%
                                  1,000                                                                                              8%
                                                                                      40                     2%                      6%
                                   500                                                                                               4%
                                                                                      20                     1%
                                                                                                                                     2%
                                     0                                                  0                    0%                      0%
                                          HY19           HY18                                 HY19   HY18         HY19      HY18          HY19     HY18


                                  (2.8)% v HY18                                      +5.6% v HY18            +0.4% v HY18           +0.2% v HY18


                                 Improved EBITA and EBITA margin led by Hospitality & FM, Defence, Laundries
                                 Significant investment in business development, operational excellence, bid/delivery governance




          Operational factors
                                 Integration of Mechanical & Electrical and Heating, Ventilation and Air-conditioning businesses
                                  creating new opportunities
                                 Outsourcing opportunities emerging across Government and Hospitality
                                 Strong pipeline in growth markets - Justice, Critical Infrastructure, Defence
                                 nRAH negotiations continuing; improved monthly financial position in line with reduced headcount
                                 Facilities includes Spotless and Hawkins
                                                                                                                                                           20
  1 Refer slide 29 for reconciliation from Facilities segment to Spotless statutory results
HY19 Financial Results




                         Mining,
                         Energy &
                         Industrial
                         Services




                                      21
HY19 Financial Results




          Mining
                                Revenue $m              EBITA $m               EBITA margin           ROFE




          Financial results
                                 800   714.2            40   36.9               6%                     12%   11.1%
                                                689.5                                5.2%
                                                                                                                      9.5%
                                                                                5%                     10%
                                 600                    30
                                                                        20.9    4%                     8%
                                                                                               3.0%
                                 400                    20                      3%                     6%
                                                                                2%                     4%
                                 200                    10
                                                                                1%                     2%
                                   0                     0                      0%                     0%
                                       HY19     HY18         HY19   HY18             HY19      HY18          HY19     HY18


                                 +3.6% v HY18           +76.6% v HY18           +2.2% v HY18           +1.6% v HY18




          Operational factors
                                 Underground contract wins in the period include new and renewed contracts at Newcrest and
                                  CSA copper mines, and Cosmo gold mine
                                 Open cut operations secured new wins and contract extensions in Queensland at Commodore
                                  and Goonyella; iron ore renewals at Citic Pacific and FMG
                                 EBITA growth driven by overhead cost reduction, contract wins and improved operational
                                  productivity
                                 Increased diversification through long term copper and gold contracts (Gruyere, Cadia,
                                  Carrapateena)                                                                               22
HY19 Financial Results




           EC&M
                                Revenue $m               EBITA $m                 EBITA margin            ROFE
                                         945.1                            23.5




          Financial results
                                 1,000                    25    22.4               4%                       25%   21.4%
                                                                                                   3.3%                    21.1%
                                  800            704.8    20                                                20%
                                                                                   3%   2.4%
                                  600                     15                                                15%
                                                                                   2%
                                  400                     10                                                10%
                                  200                      5                       1%
                                                                                                            5%
                                    0                      0                       0%                       0%
                                         HY19    HY18          HY19       HY18          HY19       HY18           HY19     HY18


                                 +34.1% v HY18            (4.7)% v HY18            (0.9)% v HY18            +0.3% v HY18




          Operational factors
                                 Continued strong construction performance at Ichthys; successful conversions in WA iron ore
                                  sector with solid pipeline in FY20 and FY21
                                 Growth in engineering services to the global mineral sands, base metals and industrial mineral
                                  processing sectors
                                 Long term asset services contract wins with Chevron (5 yrs) and BHP Iron Ore (3 yrs)
                                 Maintenance and asset services is now a larger and more profitable contributor than construction
                                 EBITA and EBITA margin negatively affected by two loss-making construction projects
                                                                                                                                     23
HY19 Financial Results




                         Outlook




                                   24
HY19 Financial Results




           FY19 outlook and goals

             FY19 Outlook
             Downer has increased its target guidance for FY19 to $352 million consolidated net profit after tax
             and before amortisation of acquired intangible assets (NPATA) before minority interests.
             The increase takes into account the fair value gain of $17 million from acquiring the remaining 50%
             of the Downer Mouchel JV in late 1H19.


             FY19 operational and financial goals
              Zero Harm: Ensure a safe environment for employees with improving injury rates and well being
              Growth: Deliver EPS growth of 19% in FY19
              Cash flow: Maintain strong cash flow conversion consistent with recent periods
              Returns: Active capital management and maintain dividend payout ratio within 50 – 60% of NPATA
              Balance sheet: Maintain conservative gearing position, providing balance sheet flexibility to support growth

                                                                                                                         25
HY19 Financial Results




           Outlook supported by work-in-hand of $43.5bn

              WIH remains strong                                                                    7%
                                                                                                              4%
              Contracts secured in the period in excess of
               revenue                                                                      Mining
                                                                                                     EC&M


                                                              41%


                                                                    Transport
                  Work-in-hand
                          43.5
                                   42.0

                                            39.2
                                                                                                       Facilities

                                                                                                                    40%

                                                                                Utilities



                         Dec-18   Jun-18   Dec-17                        8%
                                                                                                                          26
Supplementary
information
HY19 Financial Results




           Segment reporting

                 HY19
                                                                Transport             Utilities          Facilities             EC&M               Mining           Unallocated1                  Total
                 $m

                Revenue and other income                             1,792.6            1,212.5             1,663.0                 945.1             688.1                       23.2           6,324.5
                Share of sales from JVs and
                                                                       268.4                     -                4.0                     -             26.1                           -            298.5
                Associates
                Total revenue                                        2,061.0            1,212.5             1,667.0                 945.1             714.2                       23.2           6,623.0

                EBITDA                                                 112.3                72.2               120.1                  27.2              98.6                    (17.4)              413.0

                EBITA2                                                   87.9               64.7                 81.3                 22.4              36.9                    (25.2)              268.0

                EBIT                                                     87.5               63.1                 75.4                 22.4              36.9                    (48.7)              236.6

                EBITA margin                                            4.3%               5.3%                 4.9%                 2.4%              5.2%                                         4.0%

                Net interest expense                                                                                                                                                               (42.1)

                Tax expense                                                                                                                                                                        (53.1)

                Net profit after tax                                                                                                                                                                141.4

                NPATA2                                                                                                                                                                              163.4




         1 Unallocated include $17m fair value gain on existing Downer Mouchel JV
         2 Downer calculates EBITA and NPATA by adjusting EBIT and NPAT to add back acquired intangible assets amortisation expense. Group HY19 $31.4m, $22.0m after-tax (HY18: $30.7m, $21.6m after-tax).

                                                                                                                                                                                                             28
HY19 Financial Results




           Reconciliation of Facilities Segment to
           Spotless result

                                                                                     Less:                          Add:
             HY19                                   Facilities
                                                                                    Hawkins                       Spotless                  Spotless
             $m                                     segment
                                                                                    Building                      Utilities

             Total Revenue1                             1,667.0                        (291.7)                         86.0                  1,461.3


             EBITA2                                       81.3                          (3.4)                           4.3                   82.2


             EBIT                                         75.4                          (2.9)                           4.3                   76.8


             Net Interest Expense                                                                                                            (20.3)


             Tax Expense                                                                                                                     (17.5)


             NPAT                                                                                                                             39.0


             NPATA2                                                                                                                           42.9


             1 Total revenue is a non-statutory disclosure and includes revenue from joint ventures and other alliances and other income.
             2 Downer calculates EBITA and NPATA by adjusting EBIT and NPAT to add back acquired intangible assets amortisation expense. Spotless HY19 $5.4m, $3.9m after-tax.


                                                                                                                                                                                 29
HY19 Financial Results




           HY18 – Reconciliation of underlying to statutory result

                                                                                                                                                                                                   Add back
                                                                                                                                                                                                 amortisation
                                                                                                     Net interest
               $m                                                                EBIT                                               Tax expense                          NPAT                     of acquired                         NPATA
                                                                                                      expense
                                                                                                                                                                                                  intangibles
                                                                                                                                                                                                    post-tax
               Underlying result                                                 191.6                      (41.0)                         (40.2)                         110.4                           21.6                          132.0
               Loss on divestment of freight rail                                (49.3)                         -                            9.3                          (40.0)                             -                          (40.0)
               Mining goodwill impairment                                        (76.4)                         -                              -                          (76.4)                             -                          (76.4)
               Spotless integration costs                                         (3.4)                         -                            0.8                           (2.6)                             -                           (2.6)

               Spotless Management redundancies and
                                                                                  (3.1)                         -                            0.9                           (2.2)                             -                           (2.2)
               integration costs

               Spotless residual Strategy Reset costs                             (7.1)                         -                            2.0                           (5.1)                             -                           (5.1)
               Individually Significant Items                                   (139.3)                         -                           13.0                         (126.3)                             -                         (126.3)
               Statutory result                                                   52.3                      (41.0)                         (27.2)                         (15.9)                          21.6                            5.7




             Note:
             • Results represent 100% contribution before minority interests.
             • Downer’s statutory results are reported under International Financial Reporting Standards. Earnings before individually significant items (ISI) is a non-IFRS measure reported to provide a greater understanding of the underlying business
                performance of the Group. ISI are detailed in Note B2(c) of the 2018 Half Year Financial Report and relate to amounts of expense that are associated with business disposal, impairment of goodwill and Spotless related transactions.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              30
HY19 Financial Results




           Debt and bonding facilities

                                                                      SPOTLESS DEBT COVENANTS
             Debt facilities $m      DOW         SPO       Group
                                                                               Net Leverage                     Interest Cover
             Total limit            1,233.1     1,067.2   2,300.3                               < 3.5x


             Drawn                   (648.1)    (797.2)   (1,445.3)     2.9x
                                                                                    2.8x      2.8x

             Available               585.0      270.0      855.0
                                                                                                         7.3x          7.5x      7.4x
             Cash                    410.8       94.5      505.3
             Total liquidity         995.8      364.5     1,360.3
             Net debt                237.3      702.7      940.0
                                                                                                                                        > 3.0x



            Bonding facilities $m    DOW         SPO       Group
                                                                        HY18        FY18      HY19       HY18          FY18      HY19
            Total limit             2,059.7     210.0     2,269.7
            Drawn                   (1,363.4)   (153.5)   (1,516.9)
            Available                696.3       56.5      752.8




                                                                                                                                                 31
Thank you
