瑞浦蘭鈞能源股份有限公司
REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)

Stock Code: 0666




                                                             2026
                                                          Interim Report
CONTENTS
CORPORATE INFORMATION                              2

FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                  4

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                 5

OTHER INFORMATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE        21

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
  PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME   31

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
  FINANCIAL POSITION                              33

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
  CHANGES IN EQUITY                               35

INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
  CASH FLOWS                                      36

NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
  FINANCIAL INFORMATION                           38

DEFINITIONS                                       53
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                    INDEPENDENT BOARD COMMITTEE

    Executive Directors                   Dr. Ren Shenggang (chairman)
                                          Ms. Wong Sze Wing
    Dr. Cao Hui (chairman of the Board)
                                          Dr. Wang Zhenbo
    Dr. FENG, TING (President)
                                          Dr. Simon Chen
    Mr. Hu Xiaodong
    Dr. Wu Yanjun
    Ms. Huang Jiehua
                                          ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
                                          GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE
    Non-executive Directors               Dr. Cao Hui (chairman)
    Mr. Wang Haijun                       Ms. Xiang Yangyang
    Ms. Xiang Yangyang                    Ms. Huang Jiehua


    Independent Non-executive Directors   JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Ms. Wong Sze Wing                     Dr. Wu Yanjun
    Dr. Wang Zhenbo                       Ms. Cong Lin (a fellow member of The Hong Kong Chartered
    Dr. Ren Shenggang                        Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance
    Dr. Simon Chen                           Institute) (appointed on 26 August 2026)
                                          Ms. Zhang Xiao (resigned on 26 August 2026)

    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                          AUDITOR
    Ms. Wong Sze Wing (chairlady)
    Dr. Simon Chen                        Ernst & Young
    Dr. Ren Shenggang                     Certified Public Accountants
                                          Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor

    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                          AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Dr. Cao Hui (chairman)
    Ms. Wong Sze Wing                     Dr. Wu Yanjun
    Dr. Ren Shenggang                     Ms. Cong Lin (appointed on 26 August 2026)
                                          Ms. Zhang Xiao (resigned on 26 August 2026)

    REMUNERATION AND APPRAISAL
    COMMITTEE
    Dr. Wang Zhenbo (chairman)
    Dr. Cao Hui
    Ms. Wong Sze Wing




2   2026 Interim Report
                                                         CORPORATE INFORMATION




PRINCIPAL BANKERS                           HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.,             BUSINESS IN CHINA
  Wenzhou Longwan Sub-branch                No. 205, Binhai 6th Road
No. 2666, Longxiang Road                    Wenzhouwan New District, Longwan District
Longwan District                            Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province
Wenzhou, Zhejiang                           PRC
PRC
                                            PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited,
                                            HONG KONG
  Wenzhou Branch
1F–2F, 17F–20F, China Life Building         40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre
No. 1398 Huizhan Road, Binjiang Street      No. 248 Queen’s Road East
Lucheng District                            Wanchai
Wenzhou, Zhejiang                           Hong Kong
PRC
                                            H SHARE REGISTRAR
China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.,
                                            Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
  Wenzhou Longwan Sub-branch
                                            Shops 1712–1716
Room 117 and 118, Building 1
                                            17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
Wanda Plaza
                                            183 Queen’s Road East
No. 1188 Yongding Road, Yongzhong Street
                                            Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Longwan District
Wenzhou, Zhejiang
                                            INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT
PRC
                                            E-mail: IR@reptbattero.com
REGISTERED ADDRESS
                                            COMPANY WEBSITE
No. 205, Binhai 6th Road
Wenzhouwan New District, Longwan District   www.reptbattero.com
Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province
PRC                                         STOCK CODE
                                            0666




                                                                          REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.   3
    FINANCIAL SUMMARY


    The financial summary of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026 compared to the corresponding period of last year
    is set out as follows:


                                                                    Six months ended 30 June                  Year-on-Year
                                                                            2026                   2025             Change
                                                                   (in RMB thousands, except for
                                                                           percentages)
                                                                    (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)


     Revenue                                                          14,915,617            9,491,110                57.2%
     Gross profit                                                      1,980,296              829,354               138.8%
     Profit/(loss) for the period                                        778,335               (62,704)       Not applicable
     Profit/(loss) per share attributable to ordinary equity
        holders of the parent
        Basic and diluted
        – Profit/(loss) for the period (RMB)                                 0.30                  (0.03)     Not applicable




4   2026 Interim Report
                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


INDUSTRY OVERVIEW
Energy Storage Market
Propelled by the continuous rise in global electricity demand and the accelerated transition of traditional energy structures, the
grid connection ratio of renewable energy has been steadily increasing. As a core supporting infrastructure for power peak
shaving, voltage stabilization, and backup supply, the energy storage system continues to see its development space broaden.
According to data from SNE Research, the global shipment volume of ESS Battery reached 461.3 GWh in the first half of 2026,
representing a year-on-year increase of 71%, signaling that the global energy storage market has entered a stage of rapid
expansion. Across segmented application scenarios, storage demand has achieved steady growth in all sectors. Grid-side energy
storage remains the core market, with shipment volume reaching 347.0 GWh in the first half of the year, accounting for 75.2%
of total global shipment volume and serving as the primary pillar of energy storage installations. Household energy storage
exhibited the most rapid growth momentum, with shipment volume surging from 20.9 GWh to 47.7 GWh, representing a
year-on-year increase of 128%, raising its market share from 7.7% to 10.3%. Commercial and industrial energy storage also
experienced steady, synchronous growth, with shipment volume increasing to 39.6 GWh, representing a year-on-year increase
of 59%, with a market share of 8.6%, adapting to enterprise needs for power peak shaving, cost reduction, and backup power
supply.


The prosperity of the overseas energy storage industry continues to climb. According to the statistics of SNE Research, the
shipment volume of ESS battery cells in overseas markets reached 258.7 GWh in the first half of 2026, with all core regions
achieving rapid growth. In the North American market, relying on robust demand for grid modernization and the rigid
backup power needs of AI data centers, energy storage installations continued to scale up. Shipments in the first half of the
year reached 75.9 GWh, representing a year-on-year increase of 83%. The European market continued to deepen its energy
transition, vigorously promoting the implementation of renewable energy co-located energy storage projects. With grid-side
energy storage projects being commissioned intensively, shipments for the period reached 72.7 GWh, representing a year-on-
year increase of 74%. Additionally, emerging regions such as the Middle East, Australia, and Southeast Asia demonstrated the
most prominent growth momentum, with a combined shipment volume of 110.1 GWh, representing a year-on-year growth
rate as high as 119%. This was primarily driven by the implementation of large-scale integrated photovoltaic-storage projects
in the Middle East and large-scale new energy-co-located storage installations in Australia, making these regions the core
incremental sectors of the global energy storage market.


Supported by the rapid development of the domestic new energy industry, the installed capacities of wind power and
photovoltaic power continue to expand. With the accelerated upgrading of new energy storage deployments, the industry
maintains a trend of high-quality, rapid development. According to data from the National Energy Administration, by the end
of June 2026, the cumulative installed capacity of domestic new energy storage projects built and put into operation reached
153 GW/396 GWh, representing a year-on-year increase of 61%. China’s clean energy layout continues to be optimized, with
wind power and photovoltaic installations steadily climbing. As of the end of the first half of the year, the cumulative grid-
connected capacity of wind power in China reached 679 GW, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.5%; the installed
capacity of photovoltaic power generation reached 1,272 GW, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.8%, providing solid
scenario support for the development of the energy storage industry. Market demand for ESS Battery is continuously being
unleashed. According to SNE Research, China’s shipments of ESS battery cells reached 202.5 GWh in the first half of 2026,
representing a year-on-year increase of 49%. China firmly retains its position as the world’s largest single energy storage
market, demonstrating robust industry resilience and a solid foundation for long-term growth.




                                                                                                 REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.       5
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




    EV Battery Market
    Driven by the continuous global transition towards low-carbon energy and steadily rising electrification penetration rates, the
    global new energy vehicle (NEV) and EV battery industries have maintained a steady growth trajectory. According to data
    from SNE Research, the global delivery volume of electric vehicles reached 9,906 thousand units in the first half of 2026,
    representing a year-on-year increase of 5.5%. Amidst the global wave of electrification, the continuous expansion of the overall
    NEV sales volume, coupled with the steady increase in battery energy capacity per vehicle, has jointly fueled the sustained
    growth in global EV battery demand. In the first half of 2026, global EV battery usage of electric vehicles reached 608.5 GWh,
    representing a year-on-year increase of 20.0% and demonstrating a clear trend of overall industry expansion.


    The overseas market has emerged as a crucial growth engine for the EV battery industry. According to data from SNE Research,
    the overseas delivery volume of electric vehicles in the first half of 2026 stood at 4,598 thousand units, representing a
    substantial year-on-year increase of 30.3%; the corresponding overseas EV battery usage reached 269.0 GWh, representing
    a year-on-year increase of 26.3%. Regionally, the European market experienced robust growth. According to the European
    Automobile Manufacturers’ Association (ACEA), the sales volume of new energy passenger vehicles in the European Union
    reached 2,351 thousand units in the first half of 2026, representing a year-on-year increase of 31.7%, with the penetration
    rate rising to 32.5%. Specifically, the registered number of battery electric vehicles (BEVs) reached 1,221 thousand units and a
    penetration rate of 20.7%, while the registered number of plug-in hybrid electric vehicles (PHEVs) recorded 578 thousand units
    and a penetration rate of 9.8%. Furthermore, emerging markets in Southeast Asia demonstrated strong growth momentum.
    In terms of Indonesian market, according to the Indonesian Association of Automobile Manufacturers (印尼汽車製造商協會),
    the sales volume of BEVs reached 70,000 units in the first half of 2026, achieving a penetration rate of 16.1%, the sales volume
    of PHEVs reached 5,000 units. In terms of Thai market, according to the Federation of Thai Industries (FTI), the cumulative
    sales volume of BEVs reached 104,000 units in the first half of 2026, representing a year-on-year increase of 93%. In terms
    of Malaysian market, according to Jabatan Pengangkutan Jalan (JPJ), the registered number of BEVs reached 31,700 units in
    the first half of 2026, representing a year-on-year increase of 85.1%. The rapid popularization of NEVs across these regions
    continues to release incremental demand for EV batteries.


    China’s NEV and EV battery markets maintained steady growth, showcasing exceptional industrial resilience. According to
    China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, domestic production and sales volume of NEVs in the first half of 2026
    were 7,438 thousand and 7,446 thousand units, representing year-on-year increases of 6.7% and 7.3%, respectively. NEVs
    accounted for 49.6% of new vehicle sales. From the perspective of segmented sectors, the sales volume of new energy
    passenger vehicles reached 4,594 thousand units, with the penetration rate increasing to 55.4%, highlighting the continuous
    penetration of the household electrification market. Meanwhile, the sales volume of new energy commercial vehicles reached
    496,000 units, marking a significant year-on-year increase of 40.2% and a penetration rate of 30.4%, which underscores the
    accelerating electrification transformation in the commercial sector. This steady growth in demand has effectively supported
    the expansion of EV battery installations. According to the China Automotive Battery Innovation Alliance and Zhongshang
    Industry Research Institute (中商產業研究院), the cumulative installed capacity of EV batteries in China reached 335.6 GWh in
    the first half of 2026, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.0%. The domestic EV battery industry continues to maintain
    a stable and positive development trend.




6   2026 Interim Report
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




BUSINESS REVIEW
Principal Business
The Group mainly engages in the design, research and development (“R&D”), production and sales of EV and ESS lithium-ion
batteries from cell level, battery modules and battery packs to system application. With electrification and intelligence as our
core, we drive integrated innovation in market applications. We provide premium solutions and services for global new energy
vehicle power and smart electrical energy storage through innovations in material and material portfolio as well as innovations
in system structure, environmental limit-pushing manufacturing and business model.


As a high-quality new energy technology enterprise, we adhere to the technology-and innovation-driven development strategy
and follow the market trend. With WenDing (“問頂”) technology as our cornerstone and cost-efficiency as the main theme,
we contribute to the globalization process of NEVs technologies in China, the development of the global new energy power
industry and green mobility. We expand application scenarios for new energy storage to promote the widespread adoption of
clean energy around the world, facilitating a green and sustainable future.


Main Products
1.     ESS Battery System
       As for ESS battery, we have established full-chain, in-house R&D and production capabilities spanning battery cells,
       modules, battery cabinets, standardized energy storage containers, and full-station system integration, thereby creating
       a comprehensive energy storage solution platform. Centered around the LFP technology system, we are concurrently
       deploying sodium-ion energy storage and high-capacity cells for long-duration energy storage, forming a versatile,
       platform-based cell product matrix. Our products comprehensively cater to full-scenario energy storage demands,
       including power generation side, grid side, industrial and commercial applications, user side, and data centers. We
       have built a tiered product system that balances cost advantages, high safety, and a long cycle life, achieving rapid,
       simultaneous growth across domestic and overseas markets.


2.     EV Battery System
       As for EV batteries, our main products include battery cells, modules, and battery packs. We have strategically
       developed a diverse portfolio of chemical system products, such as LFP batteries, ternary batteries, hybrid solid-liquid
       batteries, and sodium-ion batteries, forming a product matrix that spans the entire energy density range. This enables
       us to meet diverse vehicle performance requirements such as fast charging, long service life, extended range, high
       safety, and wide temperature range. We have forged long-term strategic partnerships with upstream and downstream
       enterprises across the global NEV industry chain. Our products are widely utilized in passenger vehicles, commercial
       vehicles, marine vessels, the low-altitude economy, and smart robots. Specifically, they adapt to battery electric and
       plug-in hybrid models for passenger vehicles. For commercial vehicles, they provide comprehensive support for heavy-
       duty working conditions, including buses, light-duty logistics trucks, heavy-duty trucks, and construction machinery.
       Furthermore, we deliver high-performance and highly reliable, customized power solutions for emerging fields such as
       vessels, low-altitude aircraft, and robots.




                                                                                               REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.       7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




    Business Achievements
    As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets of the Group amounted to RMB57,051.6 million, representing an
    increase of 22.8% as compared to the end of last year, and the net assets of the Group amounted to RMB13,058.5 million,
    representing an increase of 10.1% as compared to the end of last year. During the Reporting Period, the Group achieved
    revenue of RMB14,915.6 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 57.2%. The sales volume of the Group’s lithium
    battery products was 42.7 GWh in total, representing a year-on-year increase of 31.8%. Among which, ESS batteries
    shipments were 27.2 GWh, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 43.9%. EV batteries shipments were 15.5
    GWh, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 14.8%. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s total
    designed production capacity stood at 100 GWh.


    During the Reporting Period, the Company’s market position continued to strengthen by establishing a three-pronged business
    matrix encompassing “Energy Storage + Passenger Vehicles + Commercial Vehicles”. According to data from SNE Research, in
    the first half of 2026, the Group ranked sixth globally in terms of global shipments of ESS battery, ranked first globally in terms
    of shipments of household ESS battery, and ranked second globally in terms of shipments of commercial and industrial ESS
    battery. According to the statistics of China Automotive Battery Innovation Alliance, in the first half of 2026, the Group ranked
    sixth in terms of installed capacity among domestic EV battery enterprises, seventh in terms of installed capacity on battery
    electric new energy passenger vehicles, and sixth in terms of installed capacity on new energy commercial vehicles.


    In the field of energy storage business, anchoring on the opportunities presented by rapid development of new energy
    storage, the Group has coordinated its deployment across both domestic and overseas markets. We continued to drive full-
    chain technological iteration and large-scale commercialization for ESS battery cells and system integration, with our products
    covering diverse application scenarios such as grid-side energy storage, commercial and industrial energy storage, household
    energy storage and integrated solar-storage-charging systems. Domestically, we deeply integrated with new energy power
    generation, industrial park comprehensive energy systems and large-scale grid peak-shaving projects. We have consistently
    expanded our core customer base among state-owned enterprises and leading energy groups, successfully achieving batch
    delivery of large-capacity and long-duration energy storage products. Internationally, leveraging our globalized supply chain
    system, we have steadily developed channels in Southeast Asia and Europe energy storage markets, realizing sustained volume
    growth in orders for overseas distributed solar power and energy storage systems. Operationally, we have been committed
    to technological innovation for cost reduction and efficiency enhancement. We optimized our comprehensive product
    competitiveness through the iteration of dedicated battery cells for high-safety LFP, sodium-ion energy storage and AIDC high-
    rate LFP. Concurrently, we have improved our full-process quality control and safety verification system, while strengthening
    business synergy and cash flow management for energy storage projects. This has led to a steady expansion of revenue scale
    of energy storage business, enabling us to achieve a dual increase in revenue and gross profit for the energy storage sector and
    establish it as the Group’s solid growth trajectory.




8   2026 Interim Report
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




In the field of passenger vehicle business, the Group has focused on high-quality development as the main priority, continuously
deepening strategic cooperation with leading domestic and international automakers and optimizing its market layout and
customer structure globally. Domestically, we have steadily broadened and deepened the partnership with core automakers.
Supply projects for multiple key hybrid and pure electric vehicle models have achieved mass production and delivery. We
have also secured new supply chain designations from leading automakers, continuously expanding our customer footprint.
Internationally, we have maintained a stable batch supply for projects with leading global automakers. While leveraging
established overseas channels to consolidate our supply advantages for local commercial vehicle models, we have successfully
penetrated the supply chains of mainstream local passenger vehicles abroad, achieving batch deliveries and making critical
breakthroughs in our global business expansion. Operationally, we maintained a balanced focus on both business scale and
profitability. We achieved technological cost reduction through material innovation and process upgrades, and continuously
increased our profit margins via refined operational management and cross-sector commercial synergy. By implementing
tiered management for existing core customers, exploring additional quality clients and securing key strategic accounts, we
established a full-process risk prevention and control mechanism. These efforts have fortified our operational foundation,
ensuring the long-term, robust and sustainable development of our passenger vehicle business.


In the field of commercial vehicle and construction machinery business, relying on its industry-leading advantage in the
installed capacity of batteries for pure electric and battery-swapping heavy-duty trucks, the Group has consolidated its
leading position in the core segments of EV batteries for new energy heavy-duty trucks, mining trucks and construction
machinery. Domestically, we continued to deepen strategic collaborations with mainstream commercial automakers and
leading construction machinery enterprises, covering a full spectrum of vehicle models, including battery-swapping heavy-duty
trucks, hybrid construction vehicles, pure electric mining trucks and specialized sanitation vehicles. Multiple vehicle models
equipped with a new generation of high-safety and high-cycle EV batteries have entered mass production and achieved
volume ramp-up, allowing us to continuously spearhead the domestic battery supply market for battery-swapping heavy-duty
trucks. Internationally, we extended the advantages of commercial vehicle export, solidifying our market share in commercial
vehicle battery supply in overseas markets such as India, while concurrently expanding our equipment supply orders for
construction machinery in Southeast Asia. Operationally, we struck a balance between scale expansion and profit quality. We
optimized costs through scaled production and material recycling technologies, and developed customized battery system
solutions tailored to the high-intensity and long-range usage scenarios of construction vehicles and heavy-duty trucks. We also
established a full-life-cycle operational and maintenance service system for EV batteries of vehicles and strictly enforced risk
control over supply chains and project receivables, thereby driving the steady and high-quality growth of our commercial vehicle
and construction machinery battery business.


Technological and R&D Achievements
Our long-term dedication to R&D has enabled us to successfully overcome key technologies for multi-scenario applications,
allowing our products to cover application demands across various fields. Building upon a foundation of advanced technology
and proprietary innovation capabilities, combined with high-quality intelligent and automated manufacturing capabilities, a
comprehensive supply chain layout and integrated management capabilities, as well as an experienced and fully committed
leadership team, we possess the ability to stably develop and deliver high-quality products that meet customer requirements.




                                                                                               REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.       9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     ESS Battery Products
     In the first half of 2026, we achieved excellent results in the household energy storage sector, which is the result of our long-
     term accumulation and breakthroughs in technology and products. Since advancing into the household energy storage sector,
     we have consistently iterated our products based on real-world application needs. We now offer a comprehensive portfolio
     including 50 Ah and 72 Ah battery cells for high-voltage systems, a 100 Ah series for low-voltage household energy storage,
     and high-capacity products such as 280 Ah and 314 Ah designed for long-duration energy storage requirements. Our ESS
     battery cells, based on WenDing (“問頂”) technology, have achieved comprehensive breakthroughs in capacity and efficiency,
     delivering a full matrix cell solution. In the fourth quarter of 2025, we launched the WenDing (“問頂”) 392 Ah battery cell for
     all application scenarios. This cell supports maximum continuous peak 1P charging and discharging, meets residential energy
     storage needs, and is the preferred choice for utility-scale and commercial/industrial energy storage. The 392 Ah cell offers
     a 25% increase in capacity compared to the 314 Ah model, with a single-cell energy capacity of 1.25 kWh. It achieves an
     efficiency of up to 95% under 0.5P operating conditions and supports full-scenario coverage ranging from residential energy
     storage to grid-side applications, driving the evolution of energy storage cells toward higher capacity and platform universality.
     WenDing’s (“問頂”) 392 Ah battery cell has achieved significant breakthroughs in energy density and cycle life. It has already
     passed multiple international certifications and gained recognition from leading domestic and international customers in both
     residential and commercial/industrial sectors, which will help us further solidify our leading position in next-generation energy
     storage products.


     In the long-duration energy storage sector, we have relied on the self-developed WenDing (問頂®) structural technology to
     develop ultra-high-capacity 588Ah energy storage cells, increasing the energy per single cell to 1.88 kWh. This technology
     constructs a shorter electron transfer path and a faster ion transport speed, effectively balancing energy density, safety
     performance, system efficiency and cycle life; the cell features over 10,000 cycles and an ultra-long calendar life of 25 years,
     becoming a benchmark product in the long-duration energy storage sector. Based on the 392 Ah high-capacity cell, the
     Company completed the development and implementation of the Powtrix® 6.26 MWh energy storage system in a standard
     20-foot container. Compared to the currently prevalent 5 MWh systems integrated with 314 Ah cells, the new product
     achieves significant improvements in both installation capacity and volumetric energy density. The system inherits the safety
     performance design of the 5 MWh system, and achieves a leap forward in overall comprehensive performance, with a 25%
     increase in volumetric energy density, a 10% reduction in whole-container integration costs, 16% savings in power station land
     usage, and an 18% reduction in on-site labor hours. The system achieves an efficiency of up to 95.5%, is equipped with a 2A
     active balancing capability, supports stable operation across a wide temperature range of -40°C to 60°C, meets high-intensity
     seismic requirements, and features zero thermal propagation safety; the product offers convenient maritime transportation and
     outstanding advantages in full life-cycle operation and maintenance costs, providing a highly reliable and efficient complete
     solution for various energy storage scenarios.


     EV Battery Products
     In the development of EV battery cells, we continue to focus on two directions: high energy density and ultra-fast charging.
     As for the high energy density, supported by high-voltage LFP and multi-layer coating technologies, the mass energy density
     of hybrid battery cells exceeds 190 Wh/kg, and the volumetric energy density exceeds 430 Wh/L, supporting an average of
     2.2C fast charging. The mass energy density of ultra-fast charging cells exceeds 185 Wh/kg, and the volumetric energy density
     exceeds 420 Wh/L, supporting an average of 4C fast charging. Simultaneously, targeting fields such as ultra-fast charging
     and flash charging, we are developing a flash-charging chemical system with capabilities of average 6C charging and peak 8C
     charging to further reduce the charging time from 10% to 80% state of charge (SOC) while maximizing the usable SOC range
     across the full temperature range.


10   2026 Interim Report
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Commercial EV Products
The all-new ChenXing (辰星) S series is developed specifically for scenario-based applications. The three products, namely S350,
S455 and S600, precisely cover the mainstream scenarios of mixer trucks, dump trucks, and short-to-medium distance towing.
The S350 is specifically adapted to the extreme lightweight requirements of electric mixer trucks, reducing weight by 400 kg.
The S455 is adapted for short-to-medium distance towing vehicles and dump trucks, with a total cluster weight reduction of
500 kg, meeting the two rigid demands of driving range and deadweight. The S600 is adapted for heavy-duty engineering
dump trucks and medium-distance towing vehicles, reducing weight by 600 kg. The battery height is lowered to 1.1 meters,
reducing the risk of sideslip and rollover, and improving safety on mountain roads and rough roads.


The new generation D800 Pro battery system product, based on the previous generation 800 kWh battery system, is paired
with a 220 Wh/kg high energy density cell technology platform and an ultra-high integration efficiency platform to achieve
vehicle lightweighting. The overall pack weight is reduced by 15%, significantly alleviating the weight deficit loss for long-haul
vehicles and offering a considerable increase in long-haul transportation returns. The battery system is 10% shorter, features a
more compact chassis layout, has a shorter wheelbase, a smaller turning radius, and offers greater maneuverability. In terms of
safety, it is equipped with a proprietary “Venturi” safety pressure relief structure, which can control the temperature of emitted
smoke to within 200°C under extreme conditions, building a solid safety defense line for the vehicle.


Among them, the cell technology platform matching the new generation D800 Pro battery system iteratively upgrades to
beyond the fifth-generation multi-component cathode materials. Through precise regulation of the electrode microstructure,
the filling amount of active materials inside the cell is increased, and the mass energy density of the cell is elevated from 190
Wh/kg to 220 Wh/kg; meanwhile, the synergistic effect of the multi-component cathode, the omnidirectional transmission
anode structure, and the high-kinetics formulation of the electrolyte creates multiple high-speed ion conduction channels,
which not only support high-power fast charging but also ensure the cycle life of the battery, thereby balancing safety and
durability.


FUTURE PROSPECTS
Technology and Product Innovation
Strong R&D capabilities and technical expertise are the key to our success. We have several R&D centers in Shanghai, Wenzhou
and Jiashan, which focus on the R&D of battery materials and technologies, battery cells and system design, new product
development and iteration, etc. As of the end of the Reporting Period, we had 1,588 R&D personnel involved in R&D functions.
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had 3,692 granted patents, including 371 invention patents, 3,252 utility
model patents and 69 design patents. The invention patents covered following technical fields such as lithium-ion secondary
battery materials and structures, system integration, battery management system, production processes and equipment and
battery recycling. Among them, more than 10 granted patents relate to solid-state batteries. Furthermore, as of the end of the
Reporting Period, the Group had 321 registered trademarks.




                                                                                                 REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.       11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     We have a series of technologies with advantages in terms of battery materials, battery design and battery structure, production
     technique and equipment, which help us build up a product portfolio that is able to achieve safety, reliability, long driving range
     and strong performance, while improving production efficiency. We have the following R&D highlights:


     •      High-capacity, long-duration energy storage cells. In line with the national medium-to-long-term strategy for new-type
            energy storage, we have continuously iterated our cell technology and, relying on the upgraded WenDing (問頂®) 2.0
            platform, have planned to develop 500 Ah+ high-capacity long-duration energy storage cells to further improve the
            integration efficiency of battery cells and optimize system cost. On the Powtrix® energy storage system platform, the
            Company continuously advances product iterations: based on a premise that the external dimensions of the standard
            20-foot prefabricated cabin are kept unchanged, by introducing higher-capacity battery cells and optimizing the cabin
            layout, we enable the capacity of the entire cabin to exceed 6.26 MWh, creating a next-generation all-round energy
            storage system that balances economic benefits, safety performance, and cycle life. The platform will upgrade its BMS
            active equalization technology, which will increase the equalization efficiency by 20 times compared with conventional
            passive equalization, thus effectively reducing the time cost of operation and maintenance of the station and improving
            the availability of the system. In terms of the system’s environmental tolerance, we have continuously optimized its
            tolerance and enhanced the product’s performance under working conditions such as extremely low temperature,
            extremely high temperature, high altitude, wind and sand resistance, low noise operation, and short-duration
            grid-forming capability, etc., so as to make it fully adaptable to globally diversified and complex application scenarios.
            In terms of thermal management, we will develop a new generation of liquid cooling technology to support the
            6.26 MWh storage container system to stably realize 0.5P operation, while also fully matching the requirements of
            long-duration energy storage projects of 8 hours or above.


     •      In the field of EV battery, to further satisfy customers’ requirements for cell energy density and safety, we have launched
            the hybrid solid-liquid battery technology platform. For passenger vehicles, we have launched the WenDing (“問頂”)
            hybrid solid-liquid manganese-based battery, which has a mass energy density of ≥220 Wh/kg and a high-temperature
            cycle life of 2,000 cycles, capable of meeting the vehicle’s 800-kilometer driving range demand and satisfying
            customers’ warranty requirements. At the same time, we have also launched the WenDing (“問頂”) hybrid solid-liquid
            ternary battery with a mass energy density of ≥350 Wh/kg, which is mainly used in fields such as low-altitude aircraft
            and intelligent robots, meeting customers’ application requirements for high energy density, high power, and high
            safety.


     •      In the field of commercial vehicles, we will focus on segmented scenarios in the future. From mixer trucks, dump trucks,
            and short-to-medium distance towing to long-haul trunk lines, we have custom-developed S350, S455, S600 and
            D800 Pro battery systems, all of which are lightweight, significantly alleviating the weight deficit loss. In addition, the
            exclusive directional pressure relief and fire extinguishing technology can ensure that, in the event of thermal runaway
            of a battery cell, no fire occurs outside the pack, providing the commercial vehicle system with exceptional safety.


     •      In the field of new batteries, we are focusing on comprehensive breakthroughs in solid-state battery technologies. For
            the existing hybrid solid-liquid battery cells, we are further enhancing their fast-charging capabilities to meet current
            market demands in the EV battery sector. Concurrently, we are actively laying out plans for solid-state battery cells and
            multi-electron reaction system cells. We are conducting in-depth research on core and critical technologies such as solid-
            state electrolyte materials, the performance of solid electrolyte reaction interfaces and solid-state battery production
            processes. Furthermore, we are leading research on a solid-state scientific research project of Zhejiang Province and
            actively participating in the formulation of relevant national standards of solid-state battery.


12   2026 Interim Report
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




•      In the field of recycling technologies, under the overarching ESG management framework, we continuously conduct
       R&D on technologies such as EV battery recycling solutions and element recycling, to maximize the cost-effectiveness
       of EV batteries and enhance the utilization rate of recycled elements. Concurrently, we are collaborating with
       manufacturers of positive and negative electrode materials who possess recycling technologies, to reuse recovered
       materials for producing green and environmentally friendly batteries for new application scenarios, thereby contributing
       to the Company’s initiatives for green and environmentally friendly and ESG.


Synergy Advantages in the Industry Chain
As the core asset of Tsingshan Group in new energy segment, we have established friendly and efficient collaborative
relationships with various raw material suppliers. We will also be able to capitalize on Tsingshan’s various strategic endeavors
in the upstream of the industry value chain and have opportunities to make strategic cooperation in upstream raw material
suppliers and secure supplies of important raw materials. As the industrial parks under construction and in operation by
Tsingshan Group and/or its associates require further transformed into green energy supply and green power transportation
mode, constructing an integrated solution around photovoltaic power generation and green power transportation, etc., so
as to promote the eco-friendly development of the mining industry and reduce the transportation cost, we will further supply
battery products and recycled materials to Tsingshan Group and/or its associates from 2026 to 2028.


Our manufacturing base in Indonesia is located within the Tsingshan industrial park in Indonesia. As the sole service provider
at the park, Tsingshan Group and/or its associates can provide industrial energy and supporting services (including but not
limited to catering services, accommodation services, business travel services, port handling services, customs clearance services
and medical services) to the manufacturing base in Indonesia, thereby effectively facilitating the rapid establishment and
enhancement of operational quality of the manufacturing base in Indonesia. For details, please refer to our announcement
dated 30 April 2026.


Globalization Strategy
We are committed to building a globalized industrial strategy to meet the demand for high-performance battery products in
the global market. Currently, we have established subsidiaries in the United States, Germany, Southeast Asia and other regions,
and are establishing subsidiaries in Australia, Japan and the United Kingdom to actively expand the international market,
and we have established in-depth cooperation with the world’s leading energy storage and new energy automakers. We
established a battery manufacturing factory in Indonesia and are exploring the possibility of expanding our production capacity
to other countries or regions in the future. Such initiatives will allow us to enhance our brand influence worldwide, have closer
access to local customers and diversify our geopolitical risk exposure.


The battery manufacturing factory in Indonesia for which we have invested in construction had a planned annual production
capacity in the first phase of 8 GWh for EV and ESS batteries and systems, as well as battery components.




                                                                                                REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.        13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     OPERATING RESULTS AND ANALYSIS
     The table below is extracted from the Group’s interim condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
     comprehensive income, which presents the amount and as a percentage of the Group’s total revenue for the periods indicated,
     together with year-on-year changes (expressed in percentage) between the six months ended 30 June 2025 and the six months
     ended 30 June 2026.


     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                              Six months ended 30 June                          Year-on-Year
                                                       2026                               2025                        Change
                                                     (in RMB thousands, except for percentages)
                                                   (Unaudited)                        (Unaudited)


      Revenue                                14,915,617           100.0%         9,491,110           100.0%            57.2%
      Cost of sales                         (12,935,321)          (86.7)%       (8,661,756)          (91.3)%           49.3%


      Gross profit                            1,980,296            13.3%           829,354             8.7%           138.8%
      Other income and gains                    223,861             1.5%           182,177             1.9%            22.9%
      Selling and distribution expenses         (394,228)          (2.6)%         (273,218)           (2.9)%           44.3%
      Administrative expenses                   (344,544)          (2.3)%         (238,036)           (2.5)%           44.7%
      Research and development
         expenses                               (417,479)          (2.8)%         (355,863)           (3.7)%           17.3%
      Impairment losses on financial and
         contract assets, net                        234            0.0%            (47,358)          (0.5)%         (100.5)%
      Other expenses                             (15,763)          (0.1)%              (949)           0.0%         1,561.0%
      Finance costs                             (165,666)          (1.1)%         (154,348)           (1.6)%             7.3%
      Share of profits and losses of:
         Joint ventures                           (4,928)           0.0%             (4,425)           0.0%            11.4%
         An associate                                775            0.0%                  –            0.0%     Not applicable


      Profit/(loss) before tax                  862,558             5.8%            (62,666)          (0.7)%    Not applicable


      Income tax expenses                        (84,223)          (0.6)%               (38)           0.0%       221,539.5%


      Profit/(loss) for the period              778,335             5.2%            (62,704)          (0.7)%    Not applicable




14   2026 Interim Report
                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                          Six months ended 30 June                          Year-on-Year
                                                   2026                               2025                        Change
                                                 (in RMB thousands, except for percentages)
                                              (Unaudited)                         (Unaudited)


 Attributable to:
    Owners of the parent                    703,847             4.7%           (65,320)            (0.7)%   Not applicable
    Non-controlling interests                74,488             0.5%             2,616              0.0%        2,747.4%


                                            778,335             5.2%           (62,704)            (0.7)%   Not applicable


 Profit/(loss) per share
    attributable to ordinary
    equity holders of the parent
    Basic and diluted
    — Profit/(loss) for the period
            (RMB)                               0.30                              (0.03)                    Not applicable

Revenue
The Group’s revenue increased by 57.2% from RMB9,491.1 million for the corresponding period of last year to RMB14,915.6
million for the Reporting Period, primarily due to the sustained revenue growth driven by the continued increase in shipment
volume of EV and ESS battery products.


The table below sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s revenue by product usage for the periods indicated:


                                                          Six months ended 30 June                          Year- on-Year
                                                   2026                               2025                        Change
                                                 (in RMB thousands, except for percentages)
                                              (Unaudited)                         (Unaudited)


 EV battery products                      5,225,464            35.0%         4,026,602             42.4%           29.8%


 ESS battery products                     9,225,488            61.9%         5,082,620             53.6%           81.5%


 Other businesses
    Sales of wastes                         399,405             2.7%           225,261              2.4%           77.3%
    R&D services                              4,564             0.0%            15,708              0.2%          (70.9)%
    Others                                   60,696             0.4%           140,919              1.5%          (56.9)%


 Subtotal                                   464,665             3.1%           381,888              4.0%           21.7%


 Total                                   14,915,617          100.0%          9,491,110            100.0%           57.2%

                                                                                              REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.    15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Sales volume and selling prices of both EV batteries and ESS batteries of the Group for the Reporting Period exceeded those
     of the corresponding period of last year. In particular, the shipments of EV batteries and shipments of ESS batteries were 15.5
     GWh and 27.2 GWh, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.8% and 43.9%, respectively. The Group’s revenue from sales
     of EV battery products increased by 29.8% from RMB4,026.6 million for the corresponding period of last year to RMB5,225.5
     million for the Reporting Period, and revenue from sales of ESS battery products increased by 81.5% from RMB5,082.6 million
     for the corresponding period of last year to RMB9,225.5 million for the Reporting Period. The Group’s revenue from other
     businesses increased by 21.7% from RMB381.9 million for the corresponding period of last year to RMB464.7 million for the
     Reporting Period, primarily due to the continuous increase in the production volume of battery products, which has led to a
     corresponding rise in the volume of wastes generated and an increase in the waste price during the same period.


     Cost of Sales
     The Group’s cost of sales increased by 49.3% from RMB8,661.8 million for the corresponding period of last year to
     RMB12,935.3 million for the Reporting Period, primarily due to the increase in sales volume of battery products.


     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
     The table below sets forth a breakdown of the Group’s gross profit and gross profit margin by product usage for the periods
     indicated:


                                                                  Six months ended 30 June                             Year- on-Year
                                                           2026                                 2025                          Change
                                                                  Gross Profit                          Gross Profit
                                               Gross Profit            Margin        Gross Profit            Margin
                                                         (in RMB thousands, except for percentages)
                                                      (Unaudited)                           (Unaudited)


      EV and ESS battery products                1,887,876              13.1%            777,704              8.5%            142.7%
      Other businesses                               92,420             19.9%             51,650             13.5%              78.9%


      Total                                      1,980,296              13.3%            829,354              8.7%            138.8%


     As a result of the expansion of sales scale, increased utilization rate of capacity and materialization of scale effect, the Group’s
     gross profit increased by 138.8% from RMB829.4 million for the corresponding period of last year to RMB1,980.3 million for
     the Reporting Period and its gross profit margin increased from 8.7% for the corresponding period of last year to 13.3% for
     the Reporting Period.


     Specifically, the Group recorded a gross profit of RMB1,887.9 million for EV and ESS battery products for the Reporting Period,
     as compared to a gross profit of RMB777.7 million for the corresponding period of last year, representing a year-on-year
     increase of 142.7%. The gross profit margin increased from 8.5% for the corresponding period of last year to 13.1% for the
     Reporting Period, which was mainly because the scale effect appears in line with the increased orders of EV and ESS battery
     products.




16   2026 Interim Report
                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The gross profit of other businesses increased by 78.9% from RMB51.7 million for the corresponding period of last year to
RMB92.4 million for the Reporting Period, and its gross profit margin increased from 13.5% for the corresponding period of
last year to 19.9% for the six months ended 30 June 2026.


Other Income and Gains
Other income and gains increased by 22.9% from RMB182.2 million for the corresponding period of last year to RMB223.9
million for the Reporting Period, primarily due to an increase in gains from transactions in financial assets.


Selling and Distribution Expenses
Selling and distribution expenses increased by 44.3% from RMB273.2 million for the corresponding period of last year to
RMB394.2 million for the Reporting Period, primarily due to the increase in provision for warranties resulting from the increase
in sales revenue.


Administrative Expenses
Administrative expenses increased by 44.7% from RMB238.0 million for the corresponding period of last year to RMB344.5
million for the Reporting Period, primarily due to increase in personnel expenses resulting from the continuous growth in
business volume and an increase in taxes and surcharges driven by the growth in business volume.


Research and Development Expenses
Research and development expenses increased by 17.3% from RMB355.9 million for the corresponding period of last year to
RMB417.5 million for the Reporting Period, primarily due to ongoing investment in research and development.


Impairment Losses on Financial and Contract Assets, Net
During the Reporting Period, a net reversal of impairment losses on financial and contract assets of RMB0.2 million was
recognised, compared with net impairment losses of RMB47.4 million recognised for the corresponding period of last year,
primarily due to the Group’s continuous enhancement of the management of clients’ credit risk resulting in the ongoing
optimization of the ageing structure.


Other Expenses
Other expenses increased by 1,561.0% from RMB0.95 million for the corresponding period of last year to RMB15.8 million for
the Reporting Period, primarily due to loss on disposal of certain long-term assets.


Finance Costs
Finance costs increased by 7.3% from RMB154.3 million for the corresponding period of last year to RMB165.7 million for the
Reporting Period, primarily due to an increase in interest-bearing liabilities.


Share of Results of Joint Ventures and Associates
Share of net losses of joint ventures and associates decreased by 6.1% from RMB4.4 million for the corresponding period of last
year to RMB4.2 million for the Reporting Period, primarily due to changes in net profit of joint ventures and associates during
the Reporting Period.



                                                                                                 REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.     17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Income Tax Expenses
     Income tax expenses increased from RMB38,000 for the corresponding period of last year to RMB84,223,000 for the Reporting
     Period, primarily due to the Company’s achievement of turnaround to profitability and the completion by certain subsidiaries
     of the offset of their accumulated historical losses.


     Profit for the Period
     As a result of the foregoing, the Group recorded a profit for the period of RMB778.3 million for the Reporting Period,
     representing a turnaround from a loss for the period of RMB62.7 million for the corresponding period of last year.


     Liquidity and Capital Resources
     During the Reporting Period, the Group financed its operations primarily through banking facilities, equity fund raised, cash
     generated from operating activities, net proceeds from the global offering of the Group in December 2023, and net proceeds
     from the global placement of the Company in November 2025. The Group monitors its bank balances on a daily basis and
     conducts monthly reviews of its cash flows. We also prepare a monthly cash flow plan and forecast, which is submitted for
     approval by our Chief Financial Officer, to ensure that we are able to maintain an optimum level of liquidity and meet our
     working capital needs.


     In addition, we also used cash to purchase wealth management products. The underlying financial assets of the wealth
     management products generally are a basket of assets with a combination of money market instruments such as money market
     funds, inter-bank lending and time deposits, debt, bonds and other assets such as assets in insurance, trust fund plans and
     letters of credit. We formed our portfolio of wealth management products with the view of achieving (i) a relatively low level of
     risk, (ii) good liquidity and (iii) an enhanced yield. Our investment decisions are made on a case-by-case basis and after due and
     careful consideration of a number of factors, including but not limited to our overall financial condition, market and investment
     conditions, economic developments, investment cost, duration of investment and the expected returns and potential risks of
     such investment.


     The Group has sufficient liquidity to meet its day-to-day liquidity management and capital expenditure requirements and to
     control its internal operating cash flows.


     Cash and Cash Equivalents
     As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of RMB5,684.9 million, as compared with
     RMB4,783.4 million as of 31 December 2025. The Group’s cash and cash equivalents are denominated in Renminbi.


     Bank and Other Borrowings
     As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s interest-bearing bank and other borrowings were approximately
     RMB12,417.8 million, as compared with RMB9,691.2 million as of 31 December 2025. The Group’s bank and other
     borrowings are denominated in Renminbi. As of the end of the Reporting Period, except for the interest-bearing bank and
     other borrowings with an aggregate amount of approximately RMB2,752.5 million were charged at fixed interest rates, the
     remaining borrowings were charged at floating interest rates. As of the end of the Reporting Period, among the Group’s
     interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, RMB4,585.3 million will mature within one year and the remaining will mature
     after one year.



18   2026 Interim Report
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Net Proceeds from the Global Offering
For net proceeds from the Global Offering, please refer to the section headed “Use of Proceeds from the Global Offering” of
this interim report.


Capital Structure
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had net assets of RMB13,058.5 million, comprising current assets of
RMB36,109.9 million, non-current assets of RMB20,941.7 million, current liabilities of RMB34,612.1 million and non-current
liabilities of RMB9,381.0 million.


The Group’s gearing ratio, calculated as total liabilities over total assets, was 77.1% as at the end of the Reporting Period, as
compared with 74.5% as at 31 December 2025.


Cash Flows
The Group’s net cash flows generated from operating activities were RMB3,459.7 million for the Reporting Period, as compared
with the net cash flows generated from operating activities of RMB980.8 million for the corresponding period of last year. The
Group’s net cash flows used in investing activities were RMB7,002.8 million for the Reporting Period, as compared with the net
cash flows used in investing activities of RMB935.2 million for the corresponding period of last year. The Group’s net cash flows
generated from financing activities were RMB4,449.1 million for the Reporting Period, as compared with the net cash flows
used in financing activities of RMB132.3 million for the corresponding period of last year.


Interest Rate Risk and Exchange Rate Risk
The Group’s exposure to the interest rate risk relates primarily to its floating rate bank borrowings. During the Reporting Period,
we have not used any derivatives to hedge interest rate risk.


The Group’s exposure to the foreign currency risk is the risk of loss resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
Fluctuations in exchange rates between RMB and other currencies in which we conduct business may affect our financial
condition and results of operations. We seek to limit our exposure to foreign currency risk by minimizing our net foreign
currency position. During the Reporting Period, we also engaged in foreign exchange hedging activities by entering into
forward foreign exchange contracts and other methods to address our exposure to foreign currency risk.


Capital Expenditure and Commitments
During the Reporting Period, the capital expenditures incurred by the Group was approximately RMB3,299.2 million, primarily
relating to purchases of property, plant and equipment.


As of the end of the Reporting Period, the capital commitments of the Group was RMB2,939.7 million, which were related to
the contracted construction works for plants that had not yet been paid for.


Material Acquisitions and Disposals of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures
During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures.




                                                                                                 REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.        19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




     Pledge of the Group’s Assets
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total pledged assets of the Group amounted to approximately RMB19,770.9 million,
     representing an increase of RMB2,383.1 million as compared with those as at 31 December 2025.


     Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Assets
     Save for the expansion plans as disclosed in the sections headed “Business” and “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the
     prospectus of the Company dated 8 December 2023, the Group has set up a Southeast Asian subsidiary, and is also moving
     forward with the establishment of subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and Japan to handle sales and customer service for
     overseas clients. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to identify new opportunities for business development. The Group
     expects to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other financing needs with cash generated from operating
     activities, bank financing, proceeds from the Global Offering and funds from other financing sources.


     Contingent Liabilities
     As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any contingent liabilities.


     Subsequent Events
     As of the date of this interim report, the Group has no material subsequent events after the end of the Reporting Period.




20   2026 Interim Report
    OTHER INFORMATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Company recognizes the importance of maintaining and promoting sound corporate governance. The principles of the
Company’s corporate governance are to promote effective internal control measures, to ensure that its business and operations
are conducted in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and to enhance the transparency and accountability of the
Board to the Company and its Shareholders. The Company has adopted the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing
Rules as its own code of corporate governance.


The Board is of the view that the Company has complied with the applicable code provisions set out in Part 2 of the CG Code
during the Reporting Period.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
AND EMPLOYEES
The Company has developed the Management System for Directors, Senior Management, and Employees to Hold and Trade
the Company’s Shares (the “Company Code”) for securities transactions by the Directors, Senior Management and relevant
employees who are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside information of the Company on terms no less exacting
than the Model Code. Following specific enquiry by the Company, all Directors have confirmed they have complied with the
Company Code and the Model Code during the Reporting Period.


COMPLIANCE WITH APPENDIX D2 TO THE LISTING RULES
According to paragraph 40 of Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules, save as disclosed in this interim report, the Company confirms
that the Company’s current information in relation to those matters set out in paragraph 32 of Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules
has not changed materially from the information disclosed in the Company’s 2025 annual report.


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
the Shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company and any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part
XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions
7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including those taken or deemed as their interests and short positions in accordance with such
provisions of the SFO), or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register kept by the
Company referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange were as follows:




                                                                                              REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.       21
     OTHER INFORMATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




     Interests/Short Positions in the Shares of the Company
                                                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                                                       Percentage of
                                                                                                                    Approximate        Shareholding
                                                                                                                    Percentage of         in the Total
                                     Nature of Interest/                                       Number of            Shareholding        Issued Share
       Name                          Capacity                         Type of Shares          Shares held            in H Shares(1)           Capital(2)


       Dr. Cao Hui                   Interest in controlled           H Shares               360,000,000                  38.53%               15.41%
                                         corporations(3)                                   (Long position)
       Dr. FENG, TING                Interest in controlled           H Shares                 24,000,000                  2.57%                1.03%
                                         corporations(4)                                   (Long position)
       Ms. Xiang Yangyang            Interest of spouse(5)            H Shares                 24,000,000                  2.57%                1.03%
                                                                                           (Long position)

     Notes:

     (1)      Calculated based on a total of 934,422,124 H Shares in issue as at the end of the Reporting Period.

     (2)      Calculated based on a total of 2,336,874,050 Shares in issue as at the end of the Reporting Period.

     (3)      As at the end of the Reporting Period, Dr. Cao Hui was the general partner of Wenzhou Ruili, and held approximately 41.1% limited partnership
              interests in Shanghai Fuqin Enterprise Development Partnership (Limited Partnership) (上海孚勤企業發展合夥企業(有限合夥), “Shanghai
              Fuqin”), which held approximately 72.7% limited partnership interests in Wenzhou Jingli. By virtue of the SFO, Dr. Cao Hui is deemed to be
              interested in the Shares held by Wenzhou Ruili and Wenzhou Jingli.

     (4)      As at the end of the Reporting Period, Dr. FENG, TING is the general partner of Wenzhou Qingshan. By virtue of the SFO, Dr. FENG, TING is
              deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Wenzhou Qingshan.

     (5)      As at the end of the Reporting Period, by virtue of the SFO, Ms. Xiang Yangyang is deemed or taken to be interested in the Shares held by her
              spouse, Dr. FENG, TING.




22   2026 Interim Report
                                     OTHER INFORMATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




Interests/Short Positions in Associated Corporations
                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                     Percentage
                                                                                                                                  of Interest as
                                                                                                               Amount of          of the End of
                                                                                 Nature of Interest/            Registered       the Reporting
  Name                      Name of Associated Corporation                       Capacity                     Capital Held                 Period


  Dr. Cao Hui               Yongqing Technology                                  Beneficial owner          RMB5,800,000                    0.25%
  Dr. Wu Yanjun             Qingtuo Group Co., Ltd. (青拓集團有限                      Beneficial owner          RMB4,400,000                    0.25%
                               公司)(1)
  Mr. Hu Xiaodong           Yongqing Technology                                  Beneficial owner         RMB34,800,000                      1.5%
  Mr. Wang Haijun           Zhejiang Qingjia New Material                        Beneficial owner          RMB1,600,000                        2%
                               Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江青甲新材料
                               科技有限公司)(2)
  Dr. FENG, TING            BatteroTech Shanghai(3)                              Interest in             RMB200,000,000                       20%
                                                                                    controlled
                                                                                    corporations
                            Yongqing Technology                                  Interest in             RMB371,200,000                       16%
                                                                                    controlled
                                                                                    corporations
  Ms. Xiang Yangyang BatteroTech Shanghai(4)                                     Interest of spouse      RMB200,000,000                       20%
                            Yongqing Technology                                  Interest in             RMB371,200,000                       16%
                                                                                    controlled
                                                                                    corporations

Notes:

(1)      As at the end of the Reporting Period, Tsingshan Group is the largest shareholder of Qingtuo Group Co., Ltd. with shareholding of 48.85% in
         Qingtuo Group Co., Ltd.

(2)      As at the end of the Reporting Period, Zhejiang Qingjia New Material Technology Co., Ltd. is a non-wholly owned subsidiary of Yongqing
         Technology.

(3)      As at the end of the Reporting Period, Wenzhou Chenshan Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Wenzhou
         Chenshan”) and Wenzhou Futang Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Wenzhou Futang”) held registered capital
         of RMB143,000,000 and RMB57,000,000 respectively in BatteroTech Shanghai, an associated corporation of our Company. Dr. FENG, TING
         is the general partner of both Wenzhou Chenshan and Wenzhou Futang. Therefore, in accordance with Part XV of the Securities and Futures
         Ordinance, Dr. FENG, TING is deemed to have an interest in the total registered capital of RMB200,000,000 (accounting for 20% of the total
         registered capital of BatteroTech Shanghai) of BatteroTech Shanghai, the associated corporation of our Company, held by Wenzhou Chenshan
         and Wenzhou Futang.

(4)      In accordance with the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Ms. Xiang Yangyang is deemed or taken to have an interest in the shares in which her
         spouse, Dr. FENG, TING, has an interest.




                                                                                                               REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.             23
     OTHER INFORMATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




     Save as disclosed above, as at the end of the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company have
     an interest or short position in the Shares or debentures of the Company or any interests or short positions in the shares or
     debentures of the Company’s associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which: (i) were required to
     be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
     interests or short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); (ii) were required,
     pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (iii) were required, pursuant to the
     Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


     Interests of Substantial Shareholders
     So far as the Directors are aware, as at the end of the Reporting Period, the following persons had interests or short positions
     in the Shares of the Company which would be required to be disclosed to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
     under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which will be required, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO,
     to be recorded in the register kept by the Company:


                                                                                                 Approximate        Approximate
                                                                                                 Percentage of     Percentage of
                                                                                                 Shareholding       Shareholding
                                                                                                In the Relevant       in the Total
                                Nature of Interest/                              Number of              Type of      Issued Share
      Name                      Capacity               Type of Shares           Shares held            Shares(1)         Capital(2)


      Wenzhou Jingli            Beneficial owner       H Shares                 264,000,000             28.25%             11.30%
                                                                              (Long position)
      Yongqing Technology(3)    Beneficial owner       Domestic Unlisted      1,089,419,482             77.68%             46.62%
                                                           Shares             (Long position)
                                Interest in            H Shares                 264,000,000             28.25%             11.30%
                                   controlled                                 (Long position)
                                   corporations
      Ruitu Energy(3)           Interest in            H Shares                 264,000,000             28.25%             11.30%
                                   controlled                                 (Long position)
                                   corporations
      Shanghai Fuqin(3)         Interest in            H Shares                 264,000,000             28.25%             11.30%
                                   controlled                                 (Long position)
                                   corporations
      Tsingshan Group(4)        Interest in            Domestic Unlisted      1,089,419,482             77.68%             46.62%
                                   controlled              Shares             (Long position)
                                   corporations
                                Interest in            H Shares                 264,000,000             28.25%             11.30%
                                   controlled                                 (Long position)
                                   corporations
      Shanghai Decent(4)        Interest in            Domestic Unlisted      1,089,419,482             77.68%             46.62%
                                   controlled              Shares             (Long position)
                                   corporations


24   2026 Interim Report
                              OTHER INFORMATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




                                                                                       Approximate      Approximate
                                                                                       Percentage of    Percentage of
                                                                                       Shareholding     Shareholding
                                                                                      In the Relevant     in the Total
                          Nature of Interest/                          Number of             Type of     Issued Share
Name                      Capacity              Type of Shares        Shares held           Shares(1)        Capital(2)


                          Interest in           H Shares             264,000,000             28.25%           11.30%
                             controlled                             (Long position)
                             corporations
Mr. Xiang(5)              Interest in           Domestic Unlisted   1,089,419,482            77.68%           46.62%
                             controlled           Shares            (Long position)
                             corporations
                          Interest in           H Shares             264,000,000             28.25%           11.30%
                             controlled                             (Long position)
                             corporations
Wenzhou Ruili             Beneficial owner      H Shares               96,000,000            10.27%            4.11%
                                                                    (Long position)
Dr. Cao Hui(3)(6)         Interest in           H Shares             360,000,000             38.53%           15.41%
                             controlled                             (Long position)
                             corporations
Jiaxing SAIC Qirui        Beneficial owner      Domestic Unlisted    187,828,067             13.39%            8.04%
   Equity Investment                              Shares            (Long position)
   Partnership (Limited
   Partnership) (嘉興上
   汽頎瑞股權投資合
   夥企業(有限合夥),
   “Jiaxing SAIC”)
Qingdao SAIC              Beneficial owner      Domestic Unlisted      56,285,178             4.01%            2.41%
   Innovation and                                 Shares            (Long position)
   Upgrade Industry       Interest in           Domestic Unlisted    187,828,067             13.39%            8.04%
   Equity Investment         controlled           Shares            (Long position)
   Fund Partnership          corporations
   (L.P.) (青島上汽創
   新升級產業股權投
   資基金合夥企業(有
   限合夥), “Qingdao
   SAIC”)(7)




                                                                                          REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.   25
     OTHER INFORMATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




     Notes:

     (1)      Calculated based on a total of 1,402,451,926 Domestic Unlisted Shares in issue and a total of 934,422,124 H Shares in issue as at the end of
              the Reporting Period.

     (2)      Calculated based on a total of 2,336,874,050 Shares in issue as at the end of the Reporting Period.

     (3)      As at the end of the Reporting Period, Yongqing Technology held 100% equity interests in Ruitu Energy, which was the general partner of
              Wenzhou Jingli. Shanghai Fuqin held approximately 72.7% limited partnership interests in Wenzhou Jingli. Ruitu Energy was the general
              partner of Shanghai Fuqin and Dr. Cao Hui held approximately 41.1% limited partnership interests in Shanghai Fuqin. Therefore, each of
              Yongqing Technology, Ruitu Energy, Shanghai Fuqin and Dr. Cao Hui was deemed to be interested in the 264,000,000 H Shares held by
              Wenzhou Jingli under the SFO.

     (4)      As at the end of the Reporting Period, Tsingshan Group and Shanghai Decent held 51% and 43.5% equity interests in Yongqing Technology,
              respectively. Therefore, each of Tsingshan Group and Shanghai Decent was deemed to be interested in the 1,089,419,482 Domestic Unlisted
              Shares in issue and 264,000,000 H Shares directly held by Yongqing Technology and Wenzhou Jingli, respectively, under the SFO.

     (5)      As at the end of the Reporting Period, Mr. Xiang directly held approximately 22.3% equity interests in Tsingshan Group. Mr. Xiang also held
              indirect equity interests in Tsingshan Group through (a) Shanghai Decent, of which Mr. Xiang was an approximately 71.5% shareholder, which
              directly held approximately 23.7% equity interests in Tsingshan Group and (b) Zhejiang Tsingshan, of which Mr. Xiang was an approximately
              80%-shareholder, which directly held approximately 11.5% equity interests in Tsingshan Group. Therefore, Mr. Xiang directly and indirectly
              controlled approximately 57.5% equity interests in Tsingshan Group and was deemed to be interested in the 1,089,419,482 Domestic Unlisted
              Shares in issue and 264,000,000 H Shares directly held by Yongqing Technology and Wenzhou Jingli, respectively, under the SFO.

     (6)      As at the end of the Reporting Period, Dr. Cao Hui was the general partner of Wenzhou Ruili. Therefore, Dr. Cao Hui was deemed to be
              interested in the 96,000,000 H Shares held by Wenzhou Ruili under the SFO.

     (7)      As at the end of the Reporting Period, Qingdao SAIC held 49.95% limited partnership interests in Jiaxing SAIC. Therefore, Qingdao SAIC was
              deemed to be interested in the 187,828,067 Domestic Unlisted Shares in issue held by Jiaxing SAIC under the SFO.

              As at the end of the Reporting Period, Shanghai Shangqi Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (上海尚頎投資管理合夥企
              業(有限合夥), “Shangqi Capital”) was the general partner and fund manager of Jiaxing SAIC and was also one of the general partners and
              the fund manager of Qingdao SAIC. Jiaxing Qihe Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) (嘉興頎合企業管理合夥企業(有限
              合夥), “Jiaxing Qihe”) held 40% limited partnership interests in Shangqi Capital. Shanghai Qiyuan Business Consulting Co., Ltd (上海頎元商
              務諮詢有限公司, “Shanghai Qiyuan”) was the general partner of Shangqi Capital. Mr. Feng Ji (馮戟) held 80% equity interests in Shanghai
              Qiyuan. Shanghai Hengxu Innovative Private Fund Management Co., Ltd. (上海恒旭創領私募基金管理有限公司, “SAIC Hengxu”) was the
              other general partner of Qingdao SAIC. Shanghai Qijia Business Management Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (上海頎嘉企業管理
              諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥), “Shanghai Qijia”) held 45% equity interests in SAIC Hengxu. Shanghai Shengqi Enterprise Management Consulting
              Co., Ltd. (上海晟頎企業管理諮詢有限公司, “Shanghai Shengqi”) was the general partner of Shanghai Qijia. Mr. Lu Yongtao (陸永濤) held
              90% equity interests in Shanghai Shengqi and 68.8% limited partnership interests in Shanghai Qijia. SAIC Motor Financial Holdings Co., Ltd
              (上海汽車集團金控管理有限公司, “SAIC Financial Holdings”) held 40% limited partnership interests in Shangqi Capital and 40% equity
              interests in SAIC Hengxu. SAIC Motor Corporation Limited (上海汽車集團股份有限公司, “SAIC Motor”) directly held approximately 99.63%
              limited partnership interests in Qingdao SAIC. SAIC Financial Holdings is a wholly-owned subsidiary of SAIC Motor. Shanghai Automotive
              Industry Corporation (Group) Co., Ltd. (上海汽車工業(集團)有限公司), “SAIC”) held 63.71% equity interests in SAIC Motor.

              Therefore, each of Shangqi Capital, Jiaxing Qihe, Shanghai Qiyuan, Mr. Feng Ji, SAIC Hengxu, Shanghai Qijia, Shanghai Shengqi, Mr. Lu
              Yongtao, SAIC Financial Holdings, SAIC Motor and SAIC was deemed to be interested in the 187,828,067 Shares directly held by Jiaxing SAIC,
              and the 56,285,178 Domestic Unlisted Shares in issue directly held by Qingdao SAIC under the SFO.


     Save as disclosed above, as at the end of the Reporting Period, no other person (other than the Directors and chief executives of
     the Company) had any interest or short position in the Shares or underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register
     required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Hong
     Kong Stock Exchange.




26   2026 Interim Report
                               OTHER INFORMATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had 13,974 full-time employees, staff cost of the Group for the Reporting
Period amounted to RMB1,248.1 million. As at the end of the Reporting Period, substantial majority of the Group’s employees
are based in China.


In compliance with the CG Code, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee was set up for reviewing the Group’s emolument
policy and structure for all remuneration of the Directors and senior management of the Group, having regard to the Group’s
operating results, individual performance of the Directors and senior management and comparable market practices.


In order to incentivize our employees, the Company had approved and adopted its 2021 share incentive scheme in August
2021, and its 2022 share incentive scheme in March 2022 (collectively referred to as the “Company’s Share Incentive
Schemes”), prior to the Listing. BatteroTech Shanghai approved and adopted its 2022 share incentive scheme (“BatteroTech
Shanghai’s Share Incentive Scheme”) in November 2022, prior to the Listing. The Company’s Share Incentive Schemes
and BatteroTech Shanghai’s Share Incentive Scheme (collectively referred to as the “Share Incentive Schemes”) did not
constitute a share scheme under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The Company also adopted the H Share Incentive Scheme of
REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd. (existing shares) (the “H Share Incentive Scheme”) on 13 December 2024. For details of the
aforementioned incentive schemes, please refer to the Company’s 2025 Annual Report.


The Group believes that its long-term growth depends on the expertise, experience and development of its employees. The
Group’s human resources department is responsible for recruiting, managing and training employees. The Group recruits
employees primarily through referrals, headhunters companies, recruitment websites and on-campus recruitment. The Group
provides training programs to employees, including new hire training for new employees and continuing technical training for
the Group’s production and R&D personnel to enhance their skill and knowledge. The Group takes measures to promote equal
opportunities, anti-discrimination, and diversity among employees.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed
securities (including the sale of treasury shares) of the Company. However, during the Reporting Period, the trustee of the H
Share Incentive Scheme purchased a total of 4,575,000 H Shares on the Stock Exchange in accordance with the rules of the H
Share Incentive Scheme and the terms of the trust deed, for a total consideration of approximately RMB54 million. As at the
end of the Reporting Period, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.




                                                                                             REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.      27
     OTHER INFORMATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING
     The Company was listed on the Stock Exchange on 18 December 2023 and the net proceeds raised from the Global Offering
     were approximately HK$2,013.1 million. During the Reporting Period, the Group has used approximately HK$13.06 million
     of the net proceeds from the Global Offering according to those disclosed in the Prospectus, and the actual net proceeds that
     has not yet been used amounted to approximately HK$820.94 million. The proceeds from the Global Offering are and will
     continue to be utilized in accordance with the plans disclosed in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the
     Prospectus, namely:


                                                                                                       Actual net
                                                                          Available     Unutilized        amount
                                                         Approximate net proceeds      net amount         utilized     Unutilized     Expected
                                                            % of the    raised from       as at 31     during the     net amount      timeline for the
                                                            total net    the Global     December        Reporting as at 30 June       balance of net
      Item                                                  proceeds      Offering            2025         Period            2026     proceeds raised
                                                                            (in HK$        (in HK$         (in HK$         (in HK$
                                                                  %        millions)       millions)      millions)       millions)


      For the expansion of our production capacity            80.0%         1,610.5          834.0           13.06         820.94     31 December 2026
      For the R&D of core technologies for advanced           10.0%          201.3               —              —               —     Not applicable
         lithium-ion batteries, advanced materials and
         optimized manufacturing processes
      For the working capital and general corporate           10.0%          201.3               —              —               —     Not applicable
         purpose


      Total                                                  100.0%         2,013.1          834.0           13.06         820.94


     Note:    The expected timeline is based on the Company’s current best estimate of future market conditions and business operations, which are subject
              to adjustment according to the development of future market conditions and actual business needs.


     As approved at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company held on 31 December 2024, the expected timeline for
     the balance of net proceeds for expanding production capacity is adjusted from 31 December 2024 to 31 December 2026
     based on the Group’s current view of future market conditions and business operations.


     Save for the aforesaid extension of the expected timeline for the balance of net proceeds raised for the expansion of production
     capacity, there has been no material change or material delay in the use or utilization of the proceeds from the listing of the
     Group, and the Group will continue to utilize the remaining net proceeds in accordance with the plan as disclosed in the section
     headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus.




28   2026 Interim Report
                                       OTHER INFORMATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM THE PLACING
On 31 October 2025 (before trading hours of the Stock Exchange), the Company entered into the placing agreement with 4
placing agents, pursuant to which the placing agents agreed, severally, and not jointly or jointly and severally, as the Company’s
placing agents, to procure, on a best effort basis, not less than six placees, who together with their respective ultimate
beneficial owner(s) (where applicable) will be independent third parties, to subscribe for up to 60,000,000 H Shares/placing
shares at the placing price of HK$13.35 per placing share. For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcement
dated 31 October 2025. The placing was intended to meet the Company’s needs for globalized capabilities and production
capacity expansion, as well as to enhance the Company’s operating cash flow. On 7 November 2025, a total of 60,000,000
H Shares/placing shares were successfully placed by the placing agents to no less than six placees at the placing price of
HK$13.35 per placing share pursuant to the terms and conditions of the placing agreement. For further details, please refer
to the Company’s announcement dated 7 November 2025. The gross proceeds and net proceeds (after deducting the placing
commission and other relevant costs and expenses of the placing) from the placing were approximately HK$801.00 million and
HK$794.32 million, respectively. On such basis, the net placing price was approximately HK$13.24 per placing share.


For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the actual use of the net proceeds from the placing was as follows:


                                                                                                 Net proceeds
                                                                                                    from the
                                                                                   Unutilized         placing
                                                                                  net amount          utilized     Unutilized
                                                     Approximate Net proceeds        as at 31      during the     net amount     Estimated
                                                       % of total    from the      December        Reporting as at 30 June       timeline of full
 Use of proceeds                                     net proceeds     placing           2025           Period           2026     utilization
                                                                       (in HK$        (in HK$         (in HK$         (in HK$
                                                               %       million)       million)        million)        million)


 For the construction of new production facilities          85%        674.45          674.45          574.71          99.74     On or before 31
    and expansion of existing production capacity                                                                                   December
                                                                                                                                    2026
 For the supplementing of working capital                   15%        119.87          119.87          119.87              —     Not applicable


 Total                                                     100%        794.32          794.32          694.58          99.74


Note:    The expected timeline is based on the Company’s current best estimate of future market conditions and business operations, which are subject
         to adjustment according to the development of future market conditions and actual business needs.


As of 30 June 2026, the actual use and planned use of the net proceeds from the placing are consistent with the planned
use disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 31 October 2025, and there have been no material changes or delays.
The unutilized net proceeds from the placing will continue to be used in accordance with the above planned use previously
disclosed.




                                                                                                                 REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.          29
     OTHER INFORMATION AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE




     INTERIM DIVIDEND
     The Board did not recommend the declaration of any interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six months
     ended 30 June 2025: Nil).


     AUDIT COMMITTEE
     The Company has established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rules 3.21 and 3.22 of
     the Listing Rules and code provision D.3.3 of the CG Code. The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive
     Directors, namely Ms. Wong Sze Wing, Dr. Simon Chen and Dr. Ren Shenggang. Currently, Ms. Wong Sze Wing is the chairlady
     of the Audit Committee, and she has the appropriate professional qualifications as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of
     the Listing Rules.


     The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six
     months ended 30 June 2026 and has confirmed that it has complied with all applicable accounting principles, standards and
     requirements and that adequate disclosures have been made. The Audit Committee has also discussed auditing and financial
     reporting matters. The auditor of the Company has not reviewed the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial
     statements of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026.


     SHARE OPTION SCHEME
     The Company did not adopt any share option scheme.


     CHANGES TO BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS
     Changes in the Directors’ information since the date of the 2025 Annual Report and up to the date of this interim report are
     set out below:


     Dr. FENG, TING obtained a PhD degree in public health from Johns Hopkins University in the United States in 2026.


     Ms. Wong Sze Wing resigned as an independent non-executive director of Orange Sky Golden Harvest Entertainment
     (Holdings) Limited (stock code: 1132) in June 2026.


     Mr. Wei Yong resigned as a non-executive Director of the Company due to changes in his work arrangements, with effect from
     15 July 2026.


     Save as disclosed in this interim report, there has been no change in the information of Directors that is required to be disclosed
     under Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.




30   2026 Interim Report
   INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
  PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2026



                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                            2026                2025
                                                                     (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)
                                                          Notes         RMB’000              RMB’000


REVENUE                                                    4          14,915,617            9,491,110
Cost of sales                                                        (12,935,321)          (8,661,756)


Gross profit                                                           1,980,296             829,354


Other income and gains                                     4             223,861             182,177
Selling and distribution expenses                                       (394,228)            (273,218)
Administrative expenses                                                 (344,544)            (238,036)
Research and development expenses                                       (417,479)            (355,863)
Impairment losses on financial and contract assets, net                      234              (47,358)
Other expenses                                                            (15,763)               (949)
Finance costs                                                           (165,666)            (154,348)
Share of profits and losses of:
   Joint ventures                                                          (4,928)             (4,425)
   Associates                                                                775                    –


PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX                                   5             862,558              (62,666)


Income tax expense                                         6              (84,223)                (38)


PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD                                             778,335              (62,704)


Attributable to:
   Owners of the parent                                                  703,847              (65,320)
   Non-controlling interests                                              74,488                2,616


                                                                         778,335              (62,704)




                                                                         REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.    31
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                            2026                 2025
                                                                                      (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                              Notes     RMB’000            RMB’000


      OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME


      Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to profit or loss
         in subsequent periods:
         Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                         (9,234)                (584)


      TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD                                   769,101            (63,288)


      Attributable to:
         Owners of the parent                                                            701,733            (65,904)
         Non-controlling interests                                                         67,368                2,616


                                                                                         769,101            (63,288)


      EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
         HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
         Basic and diluted
         – For profit/(loss) for the period (RMB)                              7             0.30                (0.03)




32   2026 Interim Report
      INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                        30 June 2026



                                                                   30 June 2026   31 December 2025
                                                                   (Unaudited)             (Audited)
                                                           Notes      RMB’000              RMB’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                               9        17,841,715         16,541,894
Right-of-use assets                                                     842,682            942,275
Other intangible assets                                                  30,202             38,164
Investments in joint ventures                                           180,918            185,846
Investment in associates                                                 20,919             19,844
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                         699,495            614,248
Equity investment designated at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                                 38,715               13,715
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                   55,655               55,655
Due from related parties                                                13,395               19,793
Time deposits                                                          363,274            1,376,301
Restricted cash                                                        800,000              826,370
Deferred tax assets                                                     54,725                    –

Total non-current assets                                             20,941,695         20,634,105

CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                           5,343,114           3,322,187
Trade and bills receivables                                 10        9,650,487           8,529,239
Contract assets                                                         214,916             261,035
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                         951,194             697,247
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                 3,564,073             790,030
Derivative financial instruments                                          1,284                   –
Due from related parties                                              1,466,876           1,244,106
Time deposits                                                           428,550             180,800
Restricted cash                                                       8,804,567           6,030,088
Cash and cash equivalents                                             5,684,865           4,783,361

Total current assets                                                 36,109,926         25,838,093

CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                    11       23,940,145         17,353,514
Other payables and accruals                                           3,981,589          4,427,749
Contract liabilities                                                    434,496            306,087
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                            4,585,348          3,442,225
Lease liabilities                                                         3,395              4,058
Provisions                                                              115,847             84,031
Due to related parties                                                1,501,161            335,350
Tax payable                                                              50,097             32,285

Total current liabilities                                            34,612,078         25,985,299

NET CURRENT ASSETS/(LIABILITIES)                                      1,497,848            (147,206)

TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                22,439,543         20,486,899


                                                                        REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.   33
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     FINANCIAL POSITION
     30 June 2026




                                                               30 June 2026     31 December 2025
                                                                (Unaudited)             (Audited)
                                                     Notes         RMB’000              RMB’000


      NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                  7,832,501            6,248,955
      Lease liabilities                                               7,183                7,884
      Deferred government grants                                    452,359            1,451,801
      Provisions                                                    997,451             807,399
      Due to related parties                                         91,510             115,353


      Total non-current liabilities                               9,381,004            8,631,392


      Net assets                                                 13,058,539           11,855,507


      EQUITY
      Equity attributable to owners of the parent
      Share capital                                   12          2,336,874            2,336,874
      Shares held for H Share Incentive Scheme                      (53,722)                   –
      Reserves                                                   10,175,380            9,410,658


                                                                 12,458,532           11,747,532


      Non-controlling interests                                     600,007             107,975


      Total equity                                               13,058,539           11,855,507




     Approved on behalf of the board of directors:



                               Dr. Cao Hui                   Ms. Huang Jiehua
                                  Director                       Director




34   2026 Interim Report
              INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                         CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2026



                                                                                                               Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                      Fair value
                                                                                                                     reserve of
                                                                                                                financial assets
                                                                                Shares held                        at fair value
                                                                                for H share                      through other          Exchange            Share                                                    Non-
                                                                                  Incentive          Capital    comprehensive         fluctuation       incentive   Accumulated                                controlling
                                                           Share capital            Scheme         reserve*            income*           reserve*        reserve*        losses*               Total             interests    Total equity
                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000


    At 1 January 2026 (audited)                                2,336,874                    –    11,370,447               3,715            (1,390)       574,232         (2,536,346)       11,747,532             107,975      11,855,507
    Profit for the period                                              –                    –             –                   –                 –              –            703,847           703,847              74,488         778,335
    Exchange differences on translation of foreign
       operations                                                     –                     –              –                    –          (2,114)             –                  –                (2,114)          (7,120)        (9,234)

    Total comprehensive income
       for the period                                                 –                     –              –                    –          (2,114)             –           703,847               701,733           67,368         769,101
    Share incentive plan expense                                      –                     –              –                    –               –         62,989                 –                62,989                –          62,989
    Contribution from non-controlling interests                       –                     –              –                    –               –              –                 –                     –          424,664         424,664
    Purchase of shares held for H Share
       Incentive Scheme                                               –               (53,722)             –                    –               –              –                  –               (53,722)               –        (53,722)

    At 30 June 2026 (unaudited)                                2,336,874              (53,722)   11,370,447               3,715            (3,504)       637,221         (1,832,499)       12,458,532             600,007      13,058,539


                                                                                                   Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                     Fair value reserve
                                                                                     of financial assets
                                                                                           at fair value
                                                                                         through other              Exchange
                                                      Share                  Capital    comprehensive             fluctuation       Share incentive      Accumulated                                   Non-controlling
                                                     capital                reserve*           income*               reserve*              reserve*           losses*                    Total               interests        Total equity
                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000            RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000            RMB’000                   RMB’000               RMB’000             RMB’000


    At 1 January 2025 (audited)                   2,276,874          10,706,105                     540                  476              447,311          (3,159,338)          10,271,968                     50,228         10,322,196
    Loss for the period                                   –                   –                       –                    –                    –             (65,320)             (65,320)                     2,616            (62,704)
    Exchange differences on
       translation of foreign
       operations                                         –                       –                   –                 (584)                       –               –                     (584)                     –                (584)

    Total comprehensive loss
      for the period                                      –                       –                   –                 (584)                   –             (65,320)                 (65,904)                 2,616             (63,288)
    Share incentive plan expense                          –                       –                   –                    –               63,630                   –                   63,630                      –              63,630

    At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                   2,276,874          10,706,105                     540                 (108)             510,941          (3,224,658)          10,269,694                     52,844         10,322,538


*              These reserve accounts comprise the reserves of RMB10,175,380,000 (31 December 2025: RMB9,410,658,000) in the statement of financial
               position.




                                                                                                                                                                                REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.                                35
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CASH FLOWS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026



                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                               2026              2025
                                                                                         (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


      CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
      Profit/(loss) before tax                                                              862,558            (62,666)
      Adjustments for:
         Finance costs                                                                       165,666           154,348
         Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates                          4,153              4,425
         Interest income                                                                    (121,058)           (90,065)
         Dividends of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                     (591)                 –
         Gain on disposal of right-of-use assets                                                   –             (1,992)
         Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment and
             intangible assets                                                               13,345                 155
         Fair value gain on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           (56,560)            (22,652)
         Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                      803,706            763,621
         Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                  3,496              14,247
         Amortisation of other intangible assets                                              9,097              11,193
         (Reversal)/provision for impairment of trade receivables, contract assets and
             due from related parties, net                                                      (234)            47,358
         Reversal of impairment of inventories                                               (49,409)         (193,239)
         Exchange gain, net                                                                   (2,562)           (14,950)
         Share incentive expense                                                              62,989             63,630


                                                                                           1,694,596           673,413


      Increase in trade and bills receivables                                             (3,773,084)         (672,018)
      Increase in prepayments and other receivables and other assets                        (124,895)            (6,875)
      Increase/(decrease) in amounts due from related parties                               (216,420)          259,591
      Increase in amounts due to related parties                                             511,957            65,430
      Increase in inventories                                                             (1,964,118)         (390,071)
      Increase in trade and bills payables                                                 7,548,595           251,758
      Decrease in other payables and accruals                                                (23,622)         (275,416)
      Increase in provision for product warranties                                           207,971           210,341
      Increase in contract liabilities                                                       128,409           133,859
      Increase/(decrease) in restricted cash                                                (507,559)          678,470


      Cash flows generated from operating activities                                       3,481,830           928,482

      Interest received                                                                       98,983            52,348
      Income tax paid                                                                       (121,086)               (38)


      Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                   3,459,727           980,792




36   2026 Interim Report
                                 INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                                                  CASH FLOWS
                                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2026                2025
                                                                                     (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Dividends received from listed investments                                                   591                      –
Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                                   (3,299,145)          (1,049,295)
Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                           4,104                    728
Placement of time deposits                                                            (1,644,000)              (59,299)
Withdrawal of time deposits                                                              190,800              143,000
Purchase of Land-use rights                                                                    –                 (9,219)
Purchase of other intangible assets                                                          (17)                (2,165)
Receipt of government grants for property, plant and equipment                           615,660                19,960
Investments in associates                                                                   (300)                     –
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                    (14,293,340)            (119,184)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       11,447,869              140,322
Purchases of equity investments designated at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                                                   (25,000)                   –


Net cash flows used in investing activities                                            (7,002,778)           (935,152)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Contribution from non-controlling interests                                               424,664                    –
Purchase of shares held for H Share Incentive Scheme                                      (53,722)                   –
New loans from non-controlling interests                                                  630,011              23,655
New bank loans                                                                          5,159,511           2,009,317
Repayment of bank loans                                                                (1,552,711)         (2,002,032)
Interest paid                                                                            (157,309)           (158,959)
Principal portion of lease payments                                                        (1,100)              (3,945)
Interest paid for lease payment                                                              (206)                (380)


Net cash flows generated from/(used in) financing activities                           4,449,138             (132,344)


NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                     906,087              (86,704)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                       4,783,361            4,285,731
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                              (4,583)              12,832


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                                             5,684,865            4,211,859


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the statement of financial position             5,684,865            4,211,859


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the statement of cash flows                     5,684,865            4,211,859



                                                                                         REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.     37
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2026



     1.    CORPORATE INFORMATION
           REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) was a limited liability company established in the People’s Republic
           of China (the “PRC”) on 25 October 2017. Upon approval by the shareholders’ general meeting held on 31 March
           2022, the Company was converted into a joint stock company with limited liability under the Company Law of the
           PRC and changed its registered name from “REPT Energy Co., Ltd. (瑞浦能源有限公司)” to “REPT BATTERO Energy
           Co., Ltd. (瑞浦蘭鈞能源股份有限公司)”. The registered office of the Company is located at No. 205, Binhai 6th
           Road, Wenzhouwan New District, Longwan District, Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province. In the opinion of the directors, the
           Company’s ultimate holding company is Tsingshan Holding Group Co., Ltd. (“Tsingshan Group”), which is a limited
           liability company established in the PRC. The Tsingshan Group’s controlling shareholder is Mr. Xiang Guangda (項光達).


           The Company and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) are principally engaged in the research and development,
           and manufacture and sales of lithium-ion battery products.


           The Company was listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on
           18 December 2023.


     2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
           The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2026 has been prepared
           in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The interim condensed consolidated financial information does
           not include all the information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in
           conjunction with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.


     2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
           The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information are
           consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year
           ended 31 December 2025, except for the adoption of the following amended IFRS Accounting Standard for the first
           time for the current period’s financial information.


           Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
                                                            Instruments
           Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
           Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting         Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7, IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 7
             Standards — Volume 11




38   2026 Interim Report
                                NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                30 June 2026




2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Continued)
     The nature and impact of the amended IFRS Accounting Standards are described below:


     (a)    Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments
            clarify that a financial asset is derecognised when the entity’s rights to the contractual cash flows expire or are
            transferred, while a financial liability is derecognised on the settlement date. The amendments introduce an
            accounting policy option to derecognise a financial liability that is settled through an electronic payment system
            before the settlement date if specified criteria are met. The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual
            cash flow characteristics of financial assets with environmental, social and governance and other similar
            contingent features. Moreover, the amendments clarify the requirements for classifying financial assets with
            non-recourse features and contractually linked instruments. The amendments also include additional disclosures
            for investments in equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial
            instruments with contingent features. Since the Group’s accounting policy for the derecognition of financial
            assets and liabilities in prior years aligned with the amendments and the Group did not have the financial assets
            that were addressed by the amendments, the amendments did not have any impact on the interim condensed
            consolidated financial information. The Group will provide additional disclosures for its equity investments
            designated at fair value through other comprehensive income in the Group’s consolidated financial statements
            for the year ending 31 December 2026.


     (b)    Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity clarify the application
            of the ”own-use” requirements for in-scope contracts and amend the designation requirements for a hedged
            item in a cash flow hedging relationship for in-scope contracts. The amendments also include additional
            disclosures that enable users of financial statements to understand the effects these contracts have on an entity’s
            financial performance and future cash flows. As the Group did not have any contracts that are in the scope of
            the amendments, the amendments did not have any impact on the interim condensed consolidated financial
            information.


     (c)    Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11 set out narrow scope amendments to IFRS 1,
            IFRS 7 (and the accompanying Guidance on implementing IFRS 7), IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 7. The amendments
            include clarifications, simplifications, corrections or changes to improve consistency in the corresponding IFRS
            Accounting Standards. The amendments did not have any impact on the interim condensed consolidated
            financial information.


3.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
     For management purposes, the Group is organised into one single business unit that is the sale of EV battery products,
     ESS battery products, wastes, battery components, and research and development services. Accordingly, the Group has
     only one single operating segment and no further analysis of the single segment is presented.




                                                                                             REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.        39
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2026




     4.    REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
           An analysis of revenue is as follows:


                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2026               2025
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)


             Revenue from contracts with customers                              14,904,244          9,485,653
             Revenue from other sources
              Gross rental income from operating leases:
                 Other lease income, including fixed income                         11,373              5,457


             Total                                                              14,915,617          9,491,110


           Revenue from contracts with customers
           Disaggregated revenue information


                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2026               2025
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                               (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)


             Revenue from contracts with customers
             Sales of EV battery products-as specified by the industries
                of the customers                                                 5,225,464          4,026,602
             Sales of ESS battery products-as specified by the industries
                of the customers                                                 9,225,488          5,082,620
             Sales of battery components                                            15,833             83,486
             Sales of wastes                                                       399,405            225,261
             Research and development services                                       4,564             15,708
             Processing services                                                     2,339             21,009
             Others                                                                 31,151             30,967


             Total                                                              14,904,244          9,485,653


             Timing of revenue recognition
             Goods transferred at a point in time                               14,897,341          9,448,936
             Services satisfied at a point in time                                   6,903             36,717


             Total                                                              14,904,244          9,485,653

40   2026 Interim Report
                                      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                             FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                 30 June 2026




4.   REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)
     Other income and gains
     An analysis of other income and gains is as follows:


                                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                               2026                       2025
                                                                                                          RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                      (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)


       Interest income                                                                                      121,058                    90,065
       Additional VAT deduction (i)                                                                          39,596                    46,846
       Foreign exchange gains, net                                                                             2,562                   14,950
       Changes in fair value
           – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                           57,151                    22,652
       Others                                                                                                  3,494                     7,664


       Total                                                                                                223,861                   182,177


     (i)       According to the regulations of Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation, Certain entities within the Group can
               enjoy an additional 5% deduction calculated based on the input value-added tax (“VAT”) from the VAT payable since 1 January 2023.
               The amount of additional deduction was recognised in profit or loss when the entities’ enjoyed the preferential tax treatment.


5.   PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX
     The Group’s profit/(loss) before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                               2026                       2025
                                                                                                          RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                      (Unaudited)                 (Unaudited)


       Cost of inventories sold and cost of service                                                     11,439,788                 7,424,507
       (Reversal)/provision for impairment of trade receivables and
            contract assets, net                                                                                (234)                  47,358
       Reversal of impairment of inventories                                                                (49,409)                 (193,239)
       Foreign exchange gains, net                                                                            (2,562)                 (14,950)




                                                                                                            REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.            41
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2026




     6.    INCOME TAX
           The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profit arising in or derived from the countries or jurisdictions in
           which members of the Group are domiciled and operate.


           Chinese mainland
           Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and the Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law,
           the Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% unless they are subject to preferential tax as set
           out below.


           The Company was renewed as a High and New Technology Enterprise in 2023, and therefore, the Company was
           entitled to a preferential EIT rate of 15% from 2023 to 2025. This qualification is subject to review by the relevant tax
           authority in the PRC every three years. As of 30 June 2026, the Company is currently in the process of renewal of the
           qualification. The management believes that a preferential tax rate of 15% remains applicable for the Company for the
           six months ended 30 June 2026.


           REPT Qingchuang was renewed as a High and New Technology Enterprise in 2024, and therefore, REPT Qingchuang
           was entitled to a preferential EIT rate of 15% (six months ended 30 June 2025: 15%). This qualification is subject to
           review by the relevant tax authority in the PRC every three years.


           BatteroTech Jiashan was qualified as a High and New Technology Enterprise in 2023 and was entitled to a preferential
           tax rate of 15% from 2023 to 2025. This qualification is subject to review by the relevant tax authority in the PRC every
           three years. As of 30 June 2026, BatteroTech Jiashan is currently in the process of renewal of the qualification. The
           management believes that a preferential tax rate of 15% remains applicable for the Company for the six months ended
           30 June 2026.


           REPT SAIC is located in the Western Regions of the People’s Republic of China, whose main businesses fall within the
           Catalogue of Encouraged Industries in the Western Regions, have been approved by the relevant tax authorities to enjoy
           the preferential EIT treatment under the national Western Region Development policy. Accordingly, REPT SAIC is subject
           to a reduced EIT rate of 15% for the period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2030.


           Furthermore, under the policies promoting the development of the Guangxi Xijiang Economic Belt, REPT SAIC is entitled
           to an exemption from the local retained portion of the EIT for the first five years, starting from the tax year in which it
           meets the Western Region Development policy. Accordingly, REPT SAIC enjoyed the EIT exemption on the local retained
           portion for the period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2027.


           Hong Kong
           Hong Kong profits tax on the Group’s subsidiaries has been provided at the rate of 8.25% (six months ended 30 June
           2025: 8.25%) on the estimated assessable profits arising in Hong Kong during the year.




42   2026 Interim Report
                                 NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                 30 June 2026




6.   INCOME TAX (Continued)
     Other regions
     The subsidiaries incorporated in Germany, United States and Indonesia are subject to corporate income tax at rates
     of 32.15% (six months ended 30 June 2025: 32.15%), 21% (six months ended 30 June 2025: 21%), and 22% (six
     months ended 30 June 2025: 22%), respectively.


     A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to loss before tax at the statutory tax rates for the jurisdictions in which
     the Company and its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax expense at the applicable tax rate is as follows:


                                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                 2026                    2025
                                                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)


      Current income tax
      – Chinese mainland                                                                      138,948                      38
      Deferred tax                                                                             (54,725)                      –


      Total tax charge for the period                                                          84,223                      38




                                                                                              REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.        43
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2026




     7.    EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF
           THE PARENT
           The basic earnings/(loss) per share is calculated based on the profit/(loss) attributable to the owners of the parent and
           the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 2,336,648,043 (six months ended 30 June 2025: 2,276,874,000)
           outstanding during the period.


           The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares outstanding during the six months period ended 30 June 2026
           and 2025.


           The calculations of basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share is based on:


                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2026                   2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)


             Earnings/(loss)
             Profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
                used in the basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share calculation                703,847                (65,320)


             Shares
             Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
                during the period used in the basic and diluted earnings/(loss)
                per share calculation                                                       2,336,648,043          2,276,874,000


     8.    DIVIDENDS
           The board of directors did not declare any interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (six months ended
           30 June 2025: Nil).


     9.    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
           As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, certain of the Group’s property, plant and equipment with a net carrying
           amount of approximately RMB7,956,505,000 and RMB8,867,692,000, respectively, were pledged to secure certain
           interest-bearing bank and other borrowings of the Group.


           During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group acquired assets at a cost of RMB2,125,176,000 (30 June 2025:
           RMB1,607,201,000).


           Assets (other than those classified as held for sale) with a net book value of RMB18,826,000 were disposed of by the
           Group during the six months ended 30 June 2026 (30 June 2025: RMB1,854,000), resulting in a net loss on disposal of
           RMB13,345,000 (30 June 2025: RMB60,000).




44   2026 Interim Report
                               NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                            30 June 2026




10. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
                                                                                    30 June 2026     31 December 2025
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)               (Audited)


     Trade receivables                                                                 4,921,475              4,897,569
     Bills receivable                                                                  5,054,287              3,947,231
     Impairment                                                                          (325,275)             (315,561)


     Net carrying amount                                                               9,650,487              8,529,239


     Denominated in RMB                                                                9,563,438              8,352,327
     Denominated in AUD                                                                          –               96,585
     Denominated in USD                                                                    31,162                74,453
     Denominated in EUR                                                                    55,887                 5,874


     Total                                                                             9,650,487              8,529,239


    The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit term is generally from one to three
    months. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and has a credit control process
    to minimise credit risk. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable
    balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.


    The Group’s bills receivables were all bank acceptances that aged within six months and were neither past due nor
    impaired.


    As at 30 June 2026, certain of the bills receivables with a net carrying amount of RMB1,759,757,000 (31 December
    2025: RMB741,109,000) were pledged to secure certain of interest-bearing bank borrowings of the Group.




                                                                                          REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.      45
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2026




     10. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)
           An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date and net of
           loss allowance, is as follows:


                                                                                             30 June 2026      31 December 2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)                (Audited)


             Within 3 months                                                                     4,185,479              4,147,701
             3 to 6 months                                                                         264,281                326,808
             6 to 12 months                                                                        125,680                 74,750
             1 to 2 years                                                                            20,760                32,749


             Total                                                                               4,596,200              4,582,008


     11. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
           An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as
           follows:


                                                                                             30 June 2026      31 December 2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)                (Audited)


             Within 1 year                                                                      23,922,988             17,334,058
             1 to 2 years                                                                            17,157                19,456


             Total                                                                              23,940,145             17,353,514




46   2026 Interim Report
                              NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                       30 June 2026




12. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                 30 June 2026    31 December 2025
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                  (Unaudited)             (Audited)


     Issued and fully paid:
      Ordinary shares                                                               2,336,874            2,336,874


13. COMMITMENTS
    The Group had the following contractual commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                 30 June 2026    31 December 2025
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                  (Unaudited)             (Audited)


     Purchase of items of property, plant and equipment                             2,939,660            3,927,575




                                                                                       REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.   47
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2026




     14. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
           (a)      The Group had the following material related party transactions during the periods:
                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2026               2025
                                                                        Notes          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)


                     Associates:
                        Sales of products                                (i)             17,014                376
                        Purchase of products                             (i)             73,770             17,437
                        Interest income                                                     234                232
                        Rental revenue                                                    1,814                188


                     Joint Ventures:
                        Sales of products                                (i)            445,802            566,705
                        Purchase of products                             (i)                  –                412
                        Rental revenue                                                      229                     –


                     Associates of controlling shareholder:
                        Sales of products                                (i)            835,713            216,071
                        Purchase of products                             (i)            874,892            235,867


                     Controlling shareholder and its subsidiaries:
                        Sales of products                                (i)              7,512             63,655
                        Purchase of products                             (i)              4,123             13,075
                        Purchase of services                             (i)                127                 43
                        Rental expenses                                  (ii)             1,043              3,342
                        Rental revenue                                                    6,082              2,584


                     Non-controlling shareholders and its affiliates:
                        Sales of products                                (i)          2,144,053          1,216,963
                        Purchases of services                            (i)                204                455
                        Loans received                                   (iii)          619,750             23,623
                        Interest expense                                 (iii)           12,603                 32




48   2026 Interim Report
                                     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                                                   30 June 2026




14. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (a)   The Group had the following material related party transactions during the periods:
          (Continued)
          Notes:

          (i)         The prices are mutually agreed after taking the prevailing market prices into consideration.

          (ii)        The Group has entered into lease agreements in respect of buildings from Controlling shareholder and its affiliates. The rental
                      fees under the lease were RMB1,043,000 and RMB3,342,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, respectively.
                      The transactions were made according to the prices and terms agreed with the related parties.

          (iii)       During the reporting period, a subsidiary of the Group entered into a loan arrangement with its non-controlling shareholders,
                      obtaining loans amounting to RMB619,750,000(30 June 2025: RMB23,623,000) at an interest rate of 6%.


    (b)   Outstanding balances with related parties:
          The amounts due from/to related parties as at the end of the reporting period are unsecured, interest-free and
          settled in accordance with the terms agreed with the related parties except for:


          –           The amount due from an associate of RMB7,700,000, which bore an interest rate of 6.36%;


          –           The amount due to non-controlling shareholders and its affiliates of RMB696,238,000, which bore an
                      interest rate of 6.00%.


    (c)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group
                                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                 2026                       2025
                                                                                                            RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                       (Unaudited)                  (Unaudited)


              Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                         2,079                      2,104
              Performance related bonuses                                                                       1,917                      1,868
              Pension scheme contributions                                                                           236                      226
              Share incentive plan expense                                                                     16,082                     16,082


              Total                                                                                            20,314                     20,280




                                                                                                             REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.              49
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2026




     15. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
           Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, time deposits, financial
           assets included in prepayments and other receivables, trade and bills receivables, contract assets, due from related
           parties, trade and bills payables, financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, due to related parties and
           current portion of interest-bearing bank borrowings approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short-
           term maturities of these instruments.


           The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies and
           procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. At the end of each of the reporting period, the
           finance department analyses the movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs
           applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer.


           The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be
           exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The following
           methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:


           The fair values of the non-current portion of interest-bearing bank borrowings have been calculated by discounting the
           expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining
           maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-bearing bank
           borrowings as at 30 June 2026 were assessed to be insignificant.


           The fair values of listed equity investments are based on quoted market prices. The fair values of unlisted equity
           investments have been estimated using a market-based valuation technique based on assumptions that are not
           supported by observable market prices or rates. The directors believe that the estimated fair values resulting from the
           valuation technique, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position, and the related changes
           in fair values, which are recorded in other comprehensive income, are reasonable, and that they were the most
           appropriate values at the end of the reporting period.


           The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent wealth management products issued by banks in Mainland
           China. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments and bills receivables by using a discounted
           cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar terms and risks.


           The discount for lack of marketability represents the amounts of premiums and discounts determined by the Group that
           market participants would take into account when pricing the investments.




50   2026 Interim Report
                               NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                             30 June 2026




15. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
    (Continued)
    Fair value hierarchy
    The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:


    Assets measured at fair value:
    30 June 2026


                                                      Fair value measurement categorised into
                                                   Quoted prices         Significant       Significant
                                                        in active       observable      unobservable
                                                         markets              inputs            inputs
                                                        (Level 1)          (Level 2)          (Level 3)              Total
                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                    (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)


     Bills receivables                                           –        1,232,192                   –          1,232,192
     Financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss                                    87,845          3,476,228             55,655           3,619,728
     Derivative financial instruments                       1,284                  –                  –             1,284
     Equity investments designated at fair value
        through other comprehensive income                       –                 –            38,715             38,715


     Total                                                89,129          4,708,420             94,370           4,891,919




                                                                                           REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.     51
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL INFORMATION
     30 June 2026




     15. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
         (Continued)
           Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
           Assets measured at fair value: (Continued)
           31 December 2025


                                                                 Fair value measurement categorised into
                                                             Quoted prices          Significant        Significant
                                                                   in active        observable      unobservable
                                                                   markets              inputs              inputs
                                                                   (Level 1)          (Level 2)           (Level 3)              Total
                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                  (Audited)          (Audited)           (Audited)          (Audited)


             Bills receivables                                            –         1,514,659                    –         1,514,659
             Financial assets at fair value through
                profit or loss                                    119,644             670,386              55,655            845,685
             Equity investments designated at fair value
                through other comprehensive income                        –                   –            13,715             13,715


             Total                                                119,644           2,185,045              69,370          2,374,059


           The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period.


           During the six months ended 30 June 2026, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and
           Level 2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (six months ended 30 June
           2025: Nil).


     16. EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
           There is no material subsequent event undertaken by the Group after 30 June 2026.


     17. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           The interim condensed consolidated financial information was approved and authorised for issue by the board of
           directors on 26 August 2026.




52   2026 Interim Report
                                                                                                     DEFINITIONS


In this interim report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions shall have the following meaning:


“Articles of Association”                the articles of association of the Company


“associate(s)”                           has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“Audit Committee”                        the audit committee of the Board


“BatteroTech Jiashan”                    BatteroTech Co., Ltd. (蘭鈞新能源科技有限公司), a limited liability company
                                         established under the laws of the PRC on 9 December 2020, which is a subsidiary of
                                         BatteroTech Shanghai


“BatteroTech Shanghai”                   BatteroTech Corporation Limited (上海蘭鈞新能源科技有限公司), a limited liability
                                         company established under the laws of the PRC on 23 July 2020, which is a subsidiary
                                         of the Company


“Board”                                  the board of Directors of the Company


“CG Code”                                the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules in force
                                         during the Reporting Period


“China” or “PRC”                         the People’s Republic of China, and for the purposes of this interim report for
                                         geographical reference only (unless otherwise indicated), excluding Taiwan, Macau
                                         and Hong Kong


“Company” or “REPT BATTERO”              REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd. (瑞浦蘭鈞能源股份有限公司), a limited liability
                                         company established in the PRC in October 2017, whose Shares are listed on the main
                                         board of the Stock Exchange


“Controlling Shareholder(s)”             has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and in this interim report, refers
                                         to Mr. Xiang, Zhejiang Tsingshan, Shanghai Decent, Tsingshan Group, Yongqing
                                         Technology, Ruitu Energy and Wenzhou Jingli


“Director(s)”                            director(s) of the Company


“Domestic Unlisted Share(s)”             ordinary Share(s) with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each in the share capital of the
                                         Company, which is/are not listed on any stock exchange




                                                                                                REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.        53
     DEFINITIONS




     “ESG Committee” or “Environmental,   the environmental, social and governance (ESG) committee of the Board
       Social and Governance Committee”


     “eVTOL”                              an electric powered aircraft which can perform vertical take-off and landing


     “Global Offering”                    the offer of the Shares for subscription as described in the section headed “Structure
                                          of the Global Offering” in the Prospectus


     “Group” or “we” or “our” or “us”     the Company and its subsidiaries


     “GW”                                 gigawatt, unit of power, 1 GW=1,000 MW


     “MW”                                 megawatt, 1 MW=1,000 kW


     “H Share(s)”                         overseas listed foreign Share(s) with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each in the share
                                          capital of the Company


     “HK$” or “HKD”                       Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency for Hong Kong


     “Hong Kong”                          the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


     “Hong Kong Stock Exchange” or        The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
       “Stock Exchange”


     “Latest Practicable Date”            26 August 2026, being the latest practicable date for the purpose of ascertaining
                                          certain information contained in this interim report prior to its publication


     “Listing”                            the listing of the Shares on the main board of the Stock Exchange


     “Listing Rules”                      the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange, as amended from
                                          time to time


     “Model Code”                         Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in
                                          Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules


     “Mr. Xiang”                          Mr. Xiang Guangda (項光達), a Controlling Shareholder of the Company




54   2026 Interim Report
                                                                                                 DEFINITIONS




“Nomination Committee”             the nomination committee of the Board


“Prospectus”                       the prospectus of the Company dated 8 December 2023


“Remuneration and Appraisal        the remuneration and appraisal committee of the Board
   Committee”


“Renminbi” or “RMB”                the lawful currency of the PRC


“Reporting Period”                 the period from 1 January 2026 to 30 June 2026


“REPT Qingchuang”                  Shanghai REPT Qingchuang New Energy Co., Ltd. (上海瑞浦青創新能源有限公司),
                                   a limited liability company established under the laws of the PRC on 2 January 2018,
                                   which is a subsidiary of the Company


“REPT SAIC”                        REPT SAIC EV Battery Co., Ltd. (瑞浦賽克動力電池有限公司), a limited liability
                                   company established under the laws of the PRC on 15 April 2022, which is a
                                   subsidiary of the Company


“Ruitu Energy”                     Ruitu Energy Co., Ltd. (瑞途能源有限公司), a limited liability company established
                                   under the laws of the PRC on 27 August 2019, which is a subsidiary of Yongqing
                                   Technology as of the Latest Practicable Date and is a Controlling Shareholder of the
                                   Company


“SFO” or “Securities and Futures   the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) as
   Ordinance”                      amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Shanghai Decent”                  Shanghai Decent Investment (Group) Co., Ltd. (上海鼎信投資(集團)有限公司), a
                                   limited liability company established under the laws of the PRC on 1 February 2007,
                                   which is an associate of Mr. Xiang and is a Controlling Shareholder of the Company


“Share(s)”                         ordinary Share(s) of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, comprising
                                   H Share(s) and Domestic Unlisted Share(s)


“Shareholder(s)”                   holder(s) of the Shares


“Subsidiary(ies)”                  has the meaning ascribed to it in Schedule 1 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter
                                   622 of the law of Hong Kong)


“Tsingshan Group”                  Tsingshan Holding Group Company Limited (青山控股集團有限公司), a limited
                                   liability company established under the laws of the PRC on 12 June 2003, which is a
                                   Controlling Shareholder of the Company




                                                                                       REPT BATTERO Energy Co., Ltd.      55
     DEFINITIONS




     “United States” or “U.S.”   the United States of America and its territories


     “Wenzhou Jingli”            Wenzhou Jingli Business Service Partnership (Limited Partnership) (溫州景鋰商務服務
                                 合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established under the laws of the PRC on
                                 21 July 2021, which is an employee shareholding platform of the Company and is a
                                 Controlling Shareholder of the Company


     “Wenzhou Ruili”             Wenzhou Ruili Enterprise Development Partnership (Limited Partnership) (溫州瑞鋰企
                                 業發展合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established under the laws of the
                                 PRC on 5 August 2021, which is an employee shareholding platform of the Company


     “Yongqing Technology”       Yongqing Technology Group Co., Ltd. (永青科技集團有限公司), a limited liability
                                 company established under the laws of the PRC on 24 January 2018, which is a
                                 Controlling Shareholder of the Company and a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                 Tsingshan Group


     “Zhejiang Tsingshan”        Zhejiang Tsingshan Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (浙江青山企業管理有限公司),
                                 a limited liability company established under the laws of the PRC on 17 April 2007,
                                 which is controlled by Mr. Xiang as to 80% of its equity interests as of the Latest
                                 Practicable Date and is a Controlling Shareholder of the Company


     “%”                         per cent.




56   2026 Interim Report
