                        Breville Group Limited
                        Annual Report 2024




For personal use only
                                    Acknowledgement of Country
                          Breville® and Sage® appliances are proudly designed and engineered at the
                          BRG headquarters in Alexandria, Sydney. This is Gadigal Country and the
                             area has been used by the Gadigal People as well as the Gamayngal,
                                         Bideagal and Gweagal Peoples for millennia.
                             Evidence of this deep connection can be found with remains of hunted
                               Dugong bones dating back 6,000 years, and a campsite at nearby
                                           Wolli Creek which is over 10,000 years old.




For personal use only
                           We acknowledge and pay respects to the traditional custodians of the land
                            and waters on which we work, the Gadigal People, and we celebrate the
                                 continuing contribution of their food culture, connection to,
                                             and custodianship of, this country.




                         Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                                                            Contents:

                        Chair and CEO review                                                                2
                        Strategy and brands                                                                 4
                        Directors’ Report                                                                  12
                        Corporate Governance Statement                                                     52
                        Financial Report                                                                   58
                        Shareholder Information                                                           111
                        Company information                                                               113

                                                Annual general meeting:
                                             Thursday 7th November 2024 at 10am.
                                                   Suite 2, 170-180 Bourke Rd,
                                                     Alexandria NSW 2015.

                        The cover of this year’s annual report utilises the “Sunray” graphic element which will
                         feature on all of our new sustainable packaging, and represents our commitment to
                          adopt best-in-class sustainable packaging across our entire Breville® | Sage® range




                                                                                                  Breville Group Limited annual report 2024   1
                        Chair and CEO review

                        “Another year of consistent delivery, with record revenue, gross profit, and EBIT”.

                        On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Breville Group Limited (“BRG”) we are pleased to present the
                        Annual Report for the year ended 30 June 2024 (“FY24”).
                        FY24 was, again, a record year for BRG with revenues exceeding $1.5bn and EBIT of $185.7m. These results were delivered
                        in a year characterised by macroeconomic weakness, led by higher-for-longer interest rates, as well as regional disruptions
                        and instability.
                        FY24 adds another year of growth in revenue, gross profit, and EBIT.
                        It is the unremarkable nature of
                        this chart that makes it remarkable.
                        Beneath these numbers lies extreme
                        volatility, dislocation and disruption:
                        US tariffs, Brexit, the global




For personal use only
                        pandemic, material supply chain
                        disruptions, input cost pressures,
                        exchange rate volatility, the 'Great
                        Resignation', central banks taking
                        rates higher for longer, retailer
                        bankruptcies, and regional wars.
                        With this backdrop, BRG’s
                        consistent execution and delivery
                        is a testament to: (i) the soundness
                        of the fundamental strategy being
                        executed: increased investment in
                        R&D and marketing, coupled with
                        rapid geographic expansion on a
                        scalable platform; (ii) the level and
                        quality of innovation BRG’s product team is delivering; and (iii) the tenacity and resiliency of the BRG team itself, proving
                        its ability to tack through the most challenging of environments.
                        In FY24, the team continued to make progress on each of the reinforcing growth levers.
                                                                                       Investment in R&D, marketing, technology services and solutions
                                                                                       for FY24 was 14.0% of Net Sales, up from 13.1% in the prior year.
                                                                                       BRG continued the steady release of new products including the
                                                                                       InFizz™ range, an entirely new food processor range, and most
                                                                                       recently the Oracle® Jet.
                                                                                      Geographic expansion is now a multi-dimensional project:
                                                                                      Breville® | Sage®, Baratza®, LELIT®, and the beanz™ service are all
                                                                                      expanding geographically. In FY24, Baratza® and LELIT® were both
                                                                                      launched into 3 new countries / regions. Baratza® was introduced into
                                                                                      the UK, the EU, and Australia, and LELIT® expanded into the UK, the
                        US, and Australia. Baratza® and LELIT®, collectively, grew their revenue in these new markets by 196%. The beanz™ service recently
                        expanded into Germany, and it took its Powered by beanz™ service live with two retailers in the US.
                        The Breville® | Sage® geographic
                        expansion program continues
                        to materially contribute to the
                        overall growth of BRG. This
                        program began in FY18 with our
                        entry into Germany & Austria.
                        Since its inception, the program
                        has delivered a 45.6% CAGR,
                        which validates the strength of
                        the product portfolio as well as the
                        team’s ability to execute entering
                        into new countries.




                2 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        BRG continued to develop and iterate its solution offerings. We launched the Fast Track Program in the US, the UK, and
                        Australia—a bundling program combining hardware, coffee, and training, designed to enable consumers to produce café-quality
                        coffee at home. The Breville+ service was expanded to include content from Sur la Table, a key retailer in the US, and the new food
                        processor range was launched in the US with the support of the Breville+ service.
                        FY24 was also the year of bringing the balance sheet back to equilibrium after the disruption of COVID.




For personal use only
                        This chart illustrates the level of dislocation driven by the global pandemic. When the global lockdowns began in FY20, demand
                        outstripped supply. As the global supply chain fought to catch the accelerated demand, it began to break. In FY22, BRG began
                        using inventory as a hedge against supply chain instability. Once the supply chain began to stabilise in FY23, BRG gradually
                        released the insurance buffer, gliding back to equilibrium in FY24, while simultaneously expanding gross margins. This resulted in
                        a cash inflow of $174.9m in FY24 which in turn eliminated BRG’s net debt, generating a net cash position of $53.6m as of
                        30 June 2024.
                        The Board has declared total full year dividends of 33.0 cents, in line with the target payout ratio of 40% EPS, and 8.2% above
                        prior year.
                        BRG has made continued progress on its sustainability plan. Some key highlights include continued delivery of our ThermoJet®
                        program initiatives; the substantive completion of the Brown Box (sustainable packaging) initiative and related substantial
                        removal of expanded polystyrene (EPS); and improvements to BRG’s climate-related disclosures, including our first reporting
                        of scope 3 emissions estimates. These goals continue to form part of the executive long term incentive plan for FY24 and FY25.
                        We encourage you to read our ESG summary report on pages 18 to 29 of this Annual Report.
                        The consistent delivery of record results, despite numerous global and local external disruptions, exemplifies the agility
                        and laser-like focus of our global team to deliver on a sustained basis.
                        We would like to thank our fellow directors for their continued diligence. The recent enhanced diversification of skills,
                        geography and gender has substantially improved Board performance.
                        Finally, on behalf of the Board we would like to thank our shareholders, customers, retail partners, and suppliers for
                        their continued support, and we look forward to working with you all in FY25 and beyond.
                        With many thanks,




                        Timothy Antonie
                        Non-Executive Chair




                        Jim Clayton
                        Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer




                                                                                                                        Breville Group Limited annual report 2024   3
                        the InFizz™ Fusion
                         the InFizz™
                        With the InFizz™ Fusion you can
                        fizz juice,
                         Infuse     tea,into
                                flavour  cocktails, winewith
                                             every drink. andthe
                        re-fizz
                         InFizz™soda  with the innovative
                                  Fusion
                        FusionCap™.




For personal use only
                        Strategy and brands
                                     BRG’s primary strategy is the design and development of the
                                   world’s best kitchen solutions, whilst expanding distribution, which
                                         is supported by dynamic marketing, on a global scale.
                        A History of Innovation                                            its updatable features and experiences to non-connected
                                                                                           appliances is another important step towards offering
                        90 years ago, on Melbourne Cup Day in 1932, two Australian         consumers true cooking solutions that deliver amazing food
                        entrepreneurs, Bill O'Brien and Harry Norville, combined their     and beverages.
                        surnames together to form the name 'Breville' and founded a
                        company manufacturing radios out of Sydney.                        The Consumer at the Core of the
                        During the 1960's, Bill's son John focused the organisation on     Business
                        solving common kitchen problems and founded the Breville
                        small appliance research and development centre, which             BRG focuses on driving consumer understanding of, and
                        developed the now iconic Breville toasted sandwich maker.          engagement with, the Group's product and proposition. BRG
                                                                                           believes that consumers should be able to produce and enjoy
                        The toasted sandwich maker kick-started a long list of award




For personal use only
                                                                                           an amazing result every time, and that they should never have
                        winning innovative Breville products developed in Australia        to settle or compromise just because they are making it at
                        and distributed throughout the world. From the original            home.
                        Kitchen Wizz® food processor and High-Wall Wok, to the
                        launch of the world's first wide feed chute juicer, Breville has   Through "Food Thinking", BRG provides consumers with
                        become synonymous with ground-breaking innovation in the           "Mastery in a Box" - innovative products which simplify and
                        kitchen.                                                           make the process of creation more of a pleasure, and the end
                                                                                           result more perfect, each and every time.
                        In 2000, Breville embarked on a project to expand its design
                        and innovation capabilities, building a much larger internal       Increasingly these amazing results are delivered not
                        team that has today become Australia's leading product             just through great hardware, or appliances, but through
                        development team. This investment culminated in the 2003           inspirational recipes, guided content, tips and tricks and
                        launch of its premium range of products into the United States     master class training, and great ingredients enabled by
                        and other international markets.                                   solution offerings such as Breville+ and beanz.com.

                        In 2009, Breville combined its design and development              At the heart of this proposition lies a passionately held belief
                        capabilities with a more focused marketing, recruitment and        that consumers should feel empowered to share these amazing
                        cultural initiative entitled "Food Thinking". As a part of this    results with those who are most important to them: their family
                        strategy, internal teams work closely with professional chefs      and friends.
                        and consumers to develop insight and an integrated approach        The opportunities to make everyday moments an occasion are
                        to product development:                                            innumerable, and BRG believes that the use of its products and
                        • Deeper understanding of food, friction points, and the           solution offerings will help consumers Master Every Moment®
                          challenges consumers face                                        and enjoy life to the fullest extent.

                        • Innovation to solve these challenges, protectable as IP;
                          marketed as "Simple Moments of Brilliance"
                                                                                           Coffee
                        • Superior quality and engaging design.                            New Products
                        BRG's ethos of "Food Thinking" and creativity remains as           The completion of our global launch of the Barista Touch™
                        relevant today as it did then and continues to gain momentum       Impress in FY24 represents our second product utilising the
                        and win over a new generation of consumers, driving                Impress™ Puck System, a new, innovative assisted lever tamp
                        accelerated innovation and increased product development.          system that makes manual espresso easier than ever before
                                                                                           without losing that hands-on feel and follows on from the
                        BRG's appreciation of food science and culinary trends             Barista Express® Impress that was launched in FY22.
                        naturally fosters relationships with leading food thinkers,
                        including world barista champions and prominent chefs who          The Impress™ Puck System applies a constant 10kg
                        have directly helped BRG's product development.                    impression to your dose, finishing it with a 7° barista twist
                                                                                           for a more polished puck, and works in combination with an
                        More recently, BRG has innovated in the world of third wave        intelligent dosing system that learns on the job, automatically
                        specialty coffee and has created a series of award-winning         calculating and adjusting the dose of freshly ground coffee as
                        successes, including the Barista Express®, The Oracle®, and        required, based on the last grind and tamp outcome.
                        more recently, machines incorporating the new Impress™ Puck
                        System: the Barista Express® Impress and the Barista Touch™        The Barista Touch™ Impress also features a larger touch
                        Impress.                                                           screen that shows off our new Barista Guidance system, which
                                                                                           coaches consumers through the process of extraction and
                        The success of the connected Joule® Oven, supported by the         allows for the presentation of our automatic alternative milks
                        Breville+ ecosystem and app, has expanded BRG's presence           settings with our Auto MilQ™ steam wand system.
                        in the world of the connected kitchen. The extension of



                                                                                                                     Breville Group Limited annual report 2024   5
                        the Paradice™ 9

                        Where precision and performance
                        meets compact design.




For personal use only
                        Strategy and brands continued
                        FY24 also saw the introduction of the Baratza® Encore™ ESP,         FY24 also featured the launch of the new InFizz™ series of
                        a new variant of the popular Encore™ grinder, optimised             water carbonators. The flagship InFizz™ Fusion features new
                        to deliver the precision required for espresso. Its metal           and unique technology in the form of the FusionCap™, which
                        adjustment system is built to stand up to the rigors of             allows consumers to safely carbonate beverages that contain
                        daily espresso grinding, with settings #1-20 delivering             sugar (think of putting a mint candy in soda and its explosive
                        high-resolution espresso grinds and #21-40 giving you the           result). This means consumers can "start with full flavour
                        resolution needed for filter, French press or cold brew.            and then fizz for more", versus the other technologies where
                                                                                            they first carbonate the water and then add small amounts of
                        beanz™                                                              flavourings afterwards. The company also offers the InFizz™
                                                                                            Aqua, which allows consumers who only need the ability to
                        BRG's focus on providing its customers the best at-home             carbonate water alone a more accessibly priced alternative to
                        specialty coffee experience includes providing easy access to       the line’s premium materials and design.
                        third wave coffee beans which, at the end of the day, is the core
                        and foundation for true specialty coffee. Beanz™ by Breville        Launched across the world, the product has met with positive
                        | Sage, which is easily accessed at beanz.com, is designed          reception and successful sales results in the premium priced
                        to seamlessly complement our internationally renowned               segments.
                        espresso and coffee product portfolio, providing consumers
                                                                                            This was followed with the launch of the Control Freak™
                        with an easy pathway and better access to beans from top tier




For personal use only
                                                                                            Home, a new version of the successful commercial precision
                        specialty coffee roasters.
                                                                                            induction cooker, the Control Freak™ which was launched in
                        Beanz™ is available now in the US, UK, Germany, and                 February 2016 to popular commercial kitchen acclaim.
                        Australia, with other markets soon to follow, and is designed
                                                                                            Designed to fit into the home environment and its
                        for consumer-facing coffee discovery and education. All
                                                                                            requirements, the unit delivers similar precision and cooking
                        beanz™ roasters are renowned, best-in-class, independent
                                                                                            performance to its bigger brother, but the new unit is slightly
                        roasters, and the service introduces consumers to their product
                                                                                            smaller, and more accessibly priced.
                        at roaster direct pricing, with coffee roasted to order and
                        delivered free to the consumer's home.                              The product was launched via ChefSteps, where the technical
                                                                                            story was immediately appreciated by its subscriber base and
                        Coffee Essentials                                                   contributed to strong initial awareness and sales. The Control
                                                                                            Freak™ Home moves to broader distribution in US mass
                        Built on extensive customer research into the espresso              premium channels in August of 2024.
                        machine buying experience, BRG launched "Coffee Essentials"
                        bundles in December 2021.
                                                                                            Cooking Solutions
                        Carefully engineered to deliver a frictionless experience, coffee
                                                                                            In September 2023, BRG introduced its best in class cooking
                        essentials guides consumers to the right espresso machine
                                                                                            solution with the launch of the Breville+ service in the US.
                        for their lifestyle and pairs this with beanz™ to ensure freshly
                        roasted specialty beans are delivered to their doorstep.            Building on the Joule® Oven App, Breville+ today includes
                                                                                            over 1,300 recipes from ChefSteps, the Breville Test Kitchen,
                        The right machine, quality freshly roasted beans and
                                                                                            the New York Times, Serious Eats, America’s Test Kitchen,
                        "masterclass" tuition together ensure a great consumer
                                                                                            Williams Sonoma, Sur la Table and many well-known
                        experience.
                                                                                            individual chefs, combined with cooking guides and live and
                                                                                            on demand cooking classes. The amount of available content
                        Cooking                                                             and experiences grows with each passing day and is free to
                                                                                            Breville owners upon registration.
                        New Products
                                                                                            All the Breville+ content is specifically optimized for the
                        In FY24, Breville | Sage successfully launched the new flagship     products supported by the app, which currently includes the
                        Paradice™ 9 Cup Food Processor across the world, delivering         Joule® Oven, along with three other popular Breville smart
                        to consumers the combination they had been seeking – a more         ovens, as well as the Pizzaiolo and the Joule® Turbo Sous Vide.
                        powerful food processor but in a more compact size. The             In FY24, the recipes and cook guide functionality was extended
                        new food processor incorporates a high torque, heavy duty           to the new Paradice™ 9 cup and 16 cup food processors along
                        brushless induction motor with a direct drive mechanism             with the Breville Sous Chef™ 9 and 16 cup food processors and
                        to deliver the high performance of its larger siblings and          includes "cook by colour" guidance for all of these variants.
                        offers a 30-year motor warranty. Additionally, the new unit
                        incorporates the company's first on-board storage caddy, which      All Breville+ experiences are tested and tuned to the specific
                        includes the precision dicing disc, to keep the overall footprint   Breville device by the brand's resident experts and enable
                        small.                                                              consumers to deliver amazing food results the first time, every
                                                                                            time.
                        The new product is also supported by the Breville+ companion
                        app that features an impressive offering of video-guided
                        recipes and content from world renowned chefs and culinary
                        partners. The food processor recipes and experiences also
                        directly refer to the colour coded accessories that are stored in
                        the on-board caddy – essentially "cook by colour" experiences
                        that make preparing delicious foods much simpler and easier.


                                                                                                                      Breville Group Limited annual report 2024   7
For personal use only
                        Baratza® Encore™ ESP x
                        the Bambino® Plus


                        (above) The perfect pair for simple
                        espresso at home.

                        LELIT® Bianca espresso
                        machine

                        (right) Elegance and power come
                        together in this outstanding piece
                        of design.
                        Strategy and brands continued
                        Brands                                                                positioning is aligned to the global Breville® brand identity,
                                                                                              "Food Thinking" approach, and Master Every Moment®
                        Breville® | Sage®                                                     empowerment strategy.
                        The Breville® and Sage® brands are at the core of BRG's               BRG also markets and distributes the Baratza® and LELIT®
                        strategy, representing the majority of revenues and marketing         brands across the region.
                        activities. In line with its global strategy, BRG is focused on the
                        design, development, and sale of Breville-branded and Sage-           BRG also works with distribution partners who take advantage
                        branded products currently supplied to 81 countries in the            of BRG's investment in the Sage® brand in their territories.
                        premium kitchen segment of the market (Global Product).               Countries such as Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Finland, Estonia,
                                                                                              Lithuania, Latvia, Czech Republic and Slovakia, amongst
                        However, there are now a number of additional company-                others, were the first to transition. Sage® branded goods are
                        owned brands and brand partners in different geographies that         now also supplied to certain distributors located in the Middle
                        will accelerate the delivery of the BRG business strategy.            East.
                        Baratza® and LELIT® were acquired in FY22 and FY23                    Beanz™ was launched in the UK in 2023 and continues to
                        respectively and are complementary to BRG's existing                  connect consumers with freshly roasted specialty coffee and is
                        premium coffee business with all four brands having a                 utilised in our specialty coffee bundles.
                        shared passion for using product innovation to improve the




For personal use only
                        consumer's coffee experience at home.                                 Baratza®
                        The Distribution segment sells products that are distributed          In FY22, BRG acquired Seattle-based premium coffee grinding
                        pursuant to a license or distribution agreement, or they are          company, Baratza. Baratza designs and markets premium
                        sourced directly from manufacturers. Products in this business        coffee grinders for North America and international markets.
                        unit may be sold under a brand owned by BRG (Breville®,
                        Kambrook®, Aquaport™, Cli-mate™), or they may be distributed          The brand shares a passion for innovation and an unwavering
                        under a third-party brand (Nespresso®).                               commitment to enhancing the consumer experience, most
                                                                                              recently through the launch of the Encore™ ESP grinder.
                        Americas
                                                                                              LELIT®
                        In the Americas, BRG distributes its range of internally
                        designed and developed kitchen products primarily                     On July 1st, 2022, BRG completed its acquisition of Italy-based
                        under the Breville®, Baratza® and LELIT® brands mainly                Lelit, which designs, manufactures, and markets premium
                        through premium channels and its own direct-to-consumer               home coffee equipment throughout the world. The acquisition
                        e-commerce platform. A range of Breville co-branded                   brought together two of the great coffee cultures of the world:
                        Nespresso® coffee machines are also sold in North America             Italy and Australia.
                        where Breville is one of Nespresso's machine partners.
                        Beanz™ was first launched in the US and continues to connect          ChefSteps
                        consumers with freshly roasted specialty coffee and is utilised       In July 2019, BRG completed the acquisition of ChefSteps,
                        in our new specialty coffee bundles. As noted above, Breville+        incorporating both the connected IoT Joule® Sous Vide
                        was launched in September 2023, and subsequently expanded             immersion circulator, as well as taking over the ChefSteps.com
                        to Canada in March of 2024 as the next step in the roll-out plan.     website. The Joule® Turbo Sous Vide immersion circulator has
                                                                                              been fully incorporated into the Breville® brand through the
                        Asia Pacific                                                          introduction of a new version of the product, and the website
                        In Australia and New Zealand, BRG primarily trades under              has been re-invigorated. The brand is also an integral part of
                        its company owned brands, Breville®, Baratza®, LELIT®,                the Breville+ solutions offering.
                        Kambrook®, Aquaport™ and Cli-mate™.
                                                                                              Kambrook®
                        In the Asia Pacific region, BRG markets its premium designed
                        and developed kitchen products under the Breville®, LELIT®            Kambrook® has become known for quality, durable products
                        and Baratza® brands as well as selected products under the            at an affordable price. The ever-expanding product range
                        Kambrook® brand.                                                      encompasses appliances for the kitchen, living room, laundry
                                                                                              and bedroom. Kambrook® continues to highlight the durability
                        Beanz™ was most recently launched in Australia in 2024.               of its appliances and the rigorous testing process that each
                        Beanz™ connects consumers with freshly roasted specialty              new product undergoes.
                        coffee and is utilised in our new specialty coffee bundles.
                        In Asia, BRG began direct retail sales in South Korea in FY23.        Commercial Products
                        Distribution in the rest of the region is managed using local         Products designed for commercial use are distributed around
                        third-party distributors.                                             the world under either the brand Breville® | Commercial or
                                                                                              Sage® | Commercial, as locally relevant.
                        Europe, Middle East and Africa
                                                                                              The commercial division manages products such as the
                        In the United Kingdom and Europe, the Breville® brand is              HydroPro™ series, which are the world's premier immersion
                        not owned or operated by BRG, so the company markets                  cooking circulators (for sous vide cooking), as well as various
                        and distributes its premium designed and developed                    specialty cooking accessories such as The Smoking Gun®
                        global kitchen products under Sage®. Its brand identity and           (for rapid food smoking), the Control Freak™ (for precision

                                                                                                                         Breville Group Limited annual report 2024   9
                  Perfect meals.
                  First time.
                  Every time.




For personal use only
                        Breville+

                        (above) Open a world of instant mastery
                        with 1000+ guided recipes, live and on-
                        demand classes, cook guides and more.




                        the Control Freak™ Home


                        (above and right) The next generation
                        of high-performance precision induction.
                        Strategy and brands continued
                        cooktop applications), vacuum sealers, cold plates and vacuum      This process ensures that the 'go-to-market' launches are
                        evaporation systems. In 2023, the division launched the Super      aligned functionally, regionally and with our external wholesale
                        Q™ Pro commercial blender and the Juice Fountain® XL Pro           and retail partners. Enough inventory is built in market prior to
                        commercial juicer, and more recently, launched the smoke           launch, activities are aligned, and materials are prepared well
                        bubble attachment for The Smoking Gun®, increasing its utility     in advance allowing BRG to launch new products, with impact
                        and appeal to professional mixologists. This new offering          across a number of markets simultaneously. This maximizes
                        includes both the bubble attachment as well as a proprietary       the velocity of launch and the returns on our development
                        bubble solution, thus allowing bars across the world to offer up   investments.
                        safe and easy ways to deliver the flavour and drama of smoke
                        to customers demanding more.                                       Reconciliation Action Plan
                                                                                           The company's first 'Reflect' Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP)
                        Innovation and product development                                 received official endorsement from Reconciliation Australia in
                        The core driving BRG's growth continues to be investment in        March 2022 and the BRG RAP Working Group is now working
                        product development and a focus on design and innovation.          toward our second RAP stage, ‘Innovate’.
                        BRG has further deepened its understanding of food, and
                                                                                           The progress of our RAP is guided by an Advisory Council
                        how the consumer interacts with it, applying this to solving
                                                                                           of elders and community stakeholders that provides the
                        problems in ways that are both valuable to people and




For personal use only
                                                                                           BRG RAP Working Group with advice and information on
                        differentiated from competitors.
                                                                                           equity issues facing Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander
                        BRG actively protects this customer value through increased        communities as well as feedback and support around
                        investment in intellectual property protection and via the         implementation and monitoring of actions, projects and
                        development of a portfolio of patented innovative products for     commitments identified in the RAP.
                        future sustainable growth.
                                                                                           More information on these initiatives and our Reconciliation
                                                                                           Action Plan can be found on the Breville Group Corporate
                        People - creative food thinkers                                    website brevillegroup.com.
                        BRG enjoys the benefits of highly experienced talent across all
                        departments and geographies.                                       Aboriginal Culinary Journey
                        Integrated throughout its food thinking culture, the passion,      BRG is donating 100% of the company's profits from the sale of
                        creativity and insight of our team has helped to consistently      the 'Aboriginal Culinary Journey' range to create opportunity
                        bring world class innovative products to consumers around the      for Indigenous Australians. Our ultimate goal to raise over
                        world. The team continues to be awarded both domestically          $1,000,000 through the sale of these items globally.
                        and internationally, with multiple design awards and
                                                                                           Half of these funds will be used to support the National
                        recognition through mainstream media.
                                                                                           Indigenous Culinary Institute's work to create employment
                        BRG invests in the training and education of its team, building    opportunities for aspiring Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander
                        strong, collaborative links with world experts in food thinking    chefs and the 'Indi-Kindi Program' by the Moriarty Foundation
                        and technology. BRG is also involved in several consumer-          to support better childhood nutrition and sharing Indigenous
                        facing and chef liaison activities.                                Food Culture. The other half will be used to fund Indigenous
                                                                                           scholarships at the University of Technology Sydney to create
                        Strongly committed to its core values of creativity, simplicity,
                                                                                           pathways for employment in engineering, technology, and
                        insight and excellence in all departments, BRG recruits, trains,
                                                                                           design. The first two scholarships were awarded in May 2024.
                        assesses and rewards employees on this basis. With a team
                        anchored around these common values, the business is able to
                        foster a workplace that stimulates idea generation, a passion      Brown Box
                        for learning, and the continuous search for new and better         In 2023 Breville | Sage developed and launched the
                        solutions.                                                         Sustainable Brown Box initiative which will see the company
                        During FY24, BRG continued to grow its highly talented             adopt best-in-class sustainable packaging practices across
                        and experienced team, bringing on board new experience             its entire product range. The goal is to reduce our packaging
                        and expertise, particularly in the areas of marketing, product     footprint by moving to a recyclable brown box, the complete
                        design, research and development, UI/ UX, and technical            removal of expanded polystyrene (EPS), and minimal use
                        services.                                                          of internal soft plastics. Work in this area will be ongoing
                                                                                           as we are yet to find a suitable replacement for low density
                                                                                           polyethylene (LDPE) bags in some cases.
                        Processes built for the future
                                                                                           In addition, the new brown box will carry simplified on-
                        With an aligned calendar setting process, within both BRG
                                                                                           pack communications with the rollout of a new product
                        itself and its external manufacturing and retail channel
                                                                                           information and sticker strategy. This will allow Breville | Sage
                        partners, BRG seeks to fully leverage an increasing number
                                                                                           to streamline its sustainable packaging supply chain for BRG’s
                        of new product introductions to continue to drive its business
                                                                                           three theatre, multi-region production.
                        and iconic brands forward.
                                                                                           We are currently on track to have all EPS removed from the
                        In FY23, BRG began executing against an enhanced process,
                                                                                           Australian market by the end of 1H25.
                        Launch v2.0, and in FY24 continued to refine and adjust it to
                        accommodate a changing marketplace.


                                                                                                                     Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 11
                        Directors’ report
                        The Board of Breville Group Limited (company) has pleasure in      Prior to this, Mr Clayton worked for Symphony Technology
                        submitting its report in respect of the Group for the year ended   Group, a Silicon Valley based private equity firm focused on
                        30 June 2024.                                                      midmarket enterprise software and technology enabled service
                                                                                           companies, and McKinsey & Company in the US, Germany and
                                                                                           Singapore.
                        Board of Directors
                                                                                           During the last four years he has not served as a Director of any
                        The names and details of the company’s Directors in office         other listed company.
                        during the year and until the date of this report are as below.
                        Unless indicated otherwise, directors were in office for this      Tim Baxter
                        entire period.                                                     Non-Executive Director: BS
                                                                                           Mr Baxter is an accomplished senior executive, with over
                        Timothy Antonie                                                    35 years’ experience across the consumer electronics, retail,
                        Non-Executive Chair: BEcon                                         technology and telecom industries. He was previously Chief
                        Mr Antonie has more than 25 years’ experience in investment        Executive Officer of Samsung Electronics North America,
                        banking, corporate advisory and formerly held positions of         having been promoted to the role from Chief Operating Officer,
                        Managing Director from 2004 to 2008 and Senior Advisor in          America. Prior to this, he held several senior management
                        2009 at UBS Investment Banking, with particular focus on           positions across sales and marketing at Samsung, Sony
                                                                                           Corporation and AT&T Inc. Mr Baxter serves as a Non-




For personal use only
                        large scale mergers and acquisitions and capital raisings in the
                        Australian retail, consumer, media and entertainment sectors.      Executive Director on a number of public and private company
                        Mr Antonie is currently a principal of Stratford Advisory Group    boards.
                        providing independent financial advice to Australian and           During the last four years, he has served as a Non-Executive
                        international corporations. He holds a Bachelor of Economics       Director of the following listed companies:
                        degree from Monash University and qualified as a Chartered
                        Accountant with Price Waterhouse.                                  •     PAVmed Inc. #
                                                                                           #
                                                                                               denotes current directorship
                        During the last four years he has served as a Non-Executive
                        Director of the following other listed companies:
                                                                                           Peter Cowan
                        •     Netwealth Group Limited # (Chair)                            Non-Executive Director
                        •     Premier Investments Limited #                                Mr Cowan has more than 30 years’ experience in leading and
                        #
                            denotes current directorship                                   building globally respected organisations and brands in the
                                                                                           FMCG sector. He served as both Chairperson of the Board
                        Lawrence Myers                                                     and CEO in key developing markets for Unilever and has held
                        Non-Executive Deputy Chair and Lead Independent                    Managing Director roles at Lion Nathan and New Zealand Dairy
                                                                                           Board (Fonterra). Mr Cowan also held Regional Vice President
                        Director: B.Acct, CA, CTA
                                                                                           positions at Alberto Culver and Johnson & Johnson. Mr Cowan
                        Mr Myers has over 25 years’ experience as a practicing             is Chair of the Sustainability Committee.
                        Chartered Accountant. He is the Managing Director and
                        founder of MBP Advisory Pty Limited, a high-end Sydney firm        During the last four years he has not served as a Director of any
                        of Chartered Accountants. He is also the Chief Executive Officer   other listed company.
                        of Consolidated Press Holdings Pty. Limited. Mr. Myers sits on
                        numerous public, private company and not-for-profit Boards,        Sally Herman
                        including the Foundation Board of the Art Gallery of New South     Non-Executive Director: BA, GAICD
                        Wales, and acts as a trusted advisor and mentor on business        Ms Herman is an experienced Non-Executive Director sitting on
                        and financial matters. His specialist areas of practice include    public and private Boards in financial services, retailing, property
                        business and corporate advisory as well as mergers and             and consumer goods. She had a long career in financial
                        acquisitions. Mr Myers is Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee    services in both Australia and the United States, including
                        (ARC) and is the company’s lead independent director and           16 years with the Westpac Group, running business units
                        Deputy Chair.                                                      in most operating divisions of the Group. Ms Herman is
                        During the last four years he has served as a Director of the      actively involved in the community, with a particular interest in
                        following other listed companies:                                  education, the arts and social justice. She is a member of Chief
                                                                                           Executive Women.
                        •     Accent Group #
                        •     Regal Asian Investments Limited #                            During the last four years she has served as a Non-Executive
                                                                                           Director of the following other listed companies:
                        •     VGI Partners Global Investments Limited #
                        #                                                                  •     E&P Financial Group Limited
                            denotes current directorship
                                                                                           •     Irongate Funds Management Limited (the responsible entity
                        Jim Clayton                                                              for Irongate Property Fund I and Irongate Property Fund II)
                        Managing Director and CEO: BBA, JD                                 •     Abacus Group #
                        Mr Clayton was appointed Managing Director on 18 August            •     Premier Investments Limited #
                        2021 and has been CEO since 1 July 2015. Mr Clayton has            •     Suncorp Group Limited #
                        extensive international experience in consumer electronics,        #
                                                                                               denotes current directorship
                        business transformation and strategy. He joined Breville from
                        LG Electronics Inc., where he held a number of senior roles
                        since 2009, including Executive Vice President, New Business
                        Division for LG’s Home Entertainment Company.



               12 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Board of directors continued                                         Craig Robinson
                                                                                             BA, ACMA
                        Dean Howell                                                          Mr Robinson is a Chartered Management Accountant with over
                        Non-Executive Director: FCA, CTA                                     25 years’ commercial finance experience. He has worked in
                        Mr Howell has had an extensive career in accounting, spanning        FMCG, Medical Diagnostics and Sales Service industries in the
                        over 40 years, and accordingly has a wealth of commercial            UK, Australia, Switzerland and the USA.
                        and advisory experience. He was the former senior partner of
                        a Melbourne firm of chartered accountants and also served on
                        that firm’s national and international Boards.                       Reporting currency and rounding
                        During the last four years he has not served as a Director of any    This preliminary final report is presented in Australian dollars and
                        other listed company.                                                all amounts have been rounded to the nearest thousand dollars
                                                                                             ($’000) unless otherwise stated under the option available to
                        Tuula Rytilä                                                         the Company under ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial
                        Non-Executive Director: MSc                                          / Directors Reports) Instrument 2016/191. The Company is an
                        Ms. Rytilä is an accomplished senior executive, with over            entity to which the instrument applies.
                        30 years’ experience across the consumer technology and
                        product sector in technologies, digitisation and product             Performance indicators




For personal use only
                        management. Ms. Rytilä brings an international perspective
                        having worked across Europe, North America, Asia and Africa.         Management and the Board monitor the annual financial
                        Her most recent focus has been on driving global business            performance of the Group by measuring actual results against
                        model change and customer experience optimisation. Ms.               expectations as developed through an annual business
                        Rytilä has detailed insight into product roadmaps, product           planning and budgeting process and refreshed through in-year
                        development, consumer insights as well as experience with            reforecasts.
                        global go-to-market strategies and e-commerce. Before joining
                        the Board, Ms. Rytilä worked for Microsoft for 9 years, with         Appropriate key performance indicators (KPIs) are used to
                        global responsibility for Microsoft Digital Stores. Prior to this,   monitor operating performance and management effectiveness.
                        during her 15 years with Nokia, Ms. Rytilä rose to the position of
                        global CMO.                                                          Operating and financial review
                        During the last four years she has served as a Non-Executive
                        Director of the following listed company:                            The operating and financial review has been designed
                                                                                             to enhance the periodic financial reporting and provide
                        •     Bang & Olufsen A/S #
                                                                                             shareholders and other stakeholders with additional information
                        •     Kempower Oyj #                                                 regarding the Group’s operations, financial position, business
                        #
                            denotes current directorship                                     strategies, risks and prospects. This review complements the
                                                                                             financial report and has been prepared in accordance with the
                        Kate Wright                                                          guidance set out in ASIC Regulatory Guide 247.
                        Non-Executive Director: BA
                        Ms Wright has more than 30 years’ experience in the consumer         Company overview and principal activities
                        industry across Australia, the South Pacific and the USA.
                                                                                             The Group’s principal activities, and underlying strategy, remains
                        Her career has spanned manufacturing operations, sales,
                                                                                             the design and development of innovative world class, small
                        marketing, human resources and general management within
                                                                                             electrical kitchen appliances and the effective marketing and
                        the consumer sector. Ms Wright has held the positions of
                                                                                             distribution of these products across the globe.
                        Managing Director, Australia and South Pacific region at Philip
                        Morris from 2001 to 2004 and Head of Korn Ferry Australia’s          In line with this strategy, and to drive sustainable growth in both
                        Consumer and Retail Practice from 2005 to 2016. Ms Wright            revenue and profits the Group has developed:
                        holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of New           •   a strong, competitive and growing product portfolio with
                        South Wales. Ms Wright is chair of the People, Performance,              proven international success;
                        Remuneration and Nominations Committee (PPRNC).
                                                                                             •   an innovative, committed and high-quality global team;
                        During the last four years she has not served as a Director of
                        any other listed company.                                            •   a research and development (R&D) culture that focuses on
                                                                                                 consumer solutions, sustainability and emerging food and
                                                                                                 beverage technologies;
                        Company secretaries                                                  •   a strategic marketing capability supporting new product
                                                                                                 launches and building brand awareness;
                        The names and details of the company secretaries in office
                        during the year and until the date of this report are as below.      •   unified global IT and SaaS platforms rolling out globally to
                                                                                                 bring speed and competitive advantage;
                        Sasha Kitto                                                          •   a proven methodology of successfully expanding into new
                        LLB, FCA                                                                 geographies;
                        Ms Kitto is a chartered accountant and has over 25 years’            •   a track record of successfully integrating acquisitions; and,
                        experience as a practising chartered accountant and in senior
                        finance roles.                                                       •   a strong balance sheet that provides a platform to take
                                                                                                 advantage of future opportunities.




                                                                                                                        Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 13
                        Directors’ report continued
                        Operating and financial review continued                               Group operating results
                        Company overview and principal activities                              AUDm1                                  FY24          FY23 % Growth
                        continued
                                                                                               Revenue                             1,530.0        1,478.6    3.5%
                        With significant headroom to grow, the Group’s objective
                        is to deliver annual EBIT growth against a variety of trading          Gross profit                           556.9        516.9      7.7%
                        backdrops, while reinvesting in R&D, marketing, technology             Gross margin                         36.4%          35.0%
                        services, solutions and geographic expansion to drive sustained
                        growth in shareholder value. During FY24 the Group continued           EBITDA                                 245.5        218.2     12.5%
                        to invest in new product development, to enhance our digital           EBIT                                   185.7        172.0     8.0%
                        marketing offense and product solutions, to roll out a global
                                                                                               NPAT                                   118.5        110.2      7.5%
                        IT platform, and to grow in our newly entered markets thereby
                        increasing geographic diversity.                                       Dividend per share - ordinary
                                                                                               (cents)                                 33.0         30.5     8.2%
                        The Group operates a global centralised business structure
                        with two business segments and three geographic theatres as            Franked (%)                           100%          100%
                        described below. The business segments comprise:
                                                                                               Net cash / (debt) ($m)                  53.6        (121.3)
                        •    The Global Product segment, which sells premium products
                                                                                               ROE2 (%)                             14.6%          15.9%




For personal use only
                             designed and developed by BRG that may be sold directly
                             or through third parties and may be branded Breville®,            1
                                                                                                   Minor differences may arise due to rounding.
                             Sage®, Baratza®, LELIT® or other Group owned brands.
                                                                                               2
                                                                                                   ROE is calculated based on NPAT for the 12 months ended 30 June
                        •    The Distribution segment, which sells products that are               2024 (FY23: 12 months ended 30 June 2023)
                             designed and developed by a third party and are distributed
                                                                                               In FY24, the Group delivered record revenue of $1.53bn, or
                             pursuant to a license or distribution agreement or are
                                                                                               3.5% growth, with a marked strengthening in 2H24, including
                             sourced directly from manufacturers. Products in this
                                                                                               double-digit growth in the Americas, EMEA and in the Coffee
                             business unit may be sold under a brand owned by the
                                                                                               category within the Global Product segment. This top line
                             Group (e.g. Breville®, Kambrook®), or may be distributed
                                                                                               growth was supported by new product launches, the expansion
                             under a third-party brand (e.g. Nespresso®).
                                                                                               of new markets and the continuing coffee tailwind and was
                        The three geographic theatres execute the sales, distribution,         delivered against a subdued consumer backdrop.
                        and business development functions in each geography. The
                                                                                               Importantly, in the current inflationary environment, Gross Profit
                        theatres are supported by centralised functions including
                                                                                               grew by 7.7% (with the second half at 9.3%), as our Gross
                        product development, marketing, operations, technology
                                                                                               Margin improved year-on-year by 140bps.
                        services, finance, and HR.
                                                                                               The Group delivered EBIT of $185.7m, or 8% growth, a result
                        •    In Asia Pacific (APAC), the Group principally trades under
                                                                                               slightly above the top end of our guidance, with expenses
                             its owned brands, including Breville®, Baratza®, Kambrook®
                                                                                               successfully aligned to a lower growth environment.
                             and LELIT® branded products, and also distributes products
                             under a machine partnership with Nespresso®.                      NPAT grew at 7.5%, after the reversion of the effective tax rate
                                                                                               to 28.5%.
                        •    In the Americas, the Group markets and distributes Breville®,
                             Baratza® and LELIT® branded products and distributes              As planned, a net cash position was delivered with strong
                             Nespresso® products, under a machine partnership.                 cashflow of $174.9m across the year, substantially driven by a
                                                                                               reduction in inventory levels, whilst Gross Margin increased.
                        •    In Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA), the Group
                             markets and distributes BRG designed products under
                             the owned brands Sage®, Baratza®, LELIT® and Breville® in
                             select markets.



                        Segment results
                                                                           Revenue                            Gross Profit                        Gross Margin
                                 1
                        AUDm                                     FY24         FY23 % Growth           FY24          FY23 % Growth                 FY24        FY23
                        Global Product                         1,336.0      1,279.2    4.4%           503.0        470.5          6.9%            37.7%      36.8%
                        % Growth in constant currency                                  2.0%
                        Distribution                             194.0       199.3    (2.7)%           53.9          46.4       16.1%             27.8%      23.3%
                        TOTAL                                  1,530.0      1,478.6   3.5%            556.9        516.9          7.7%            36.4%      35.0%

                        1
                            Minor differences may arise due to rounding.
                        Our Global Product segment grew revenue by 4.4% (or 2.0% in constant currency) and Gross Profit grew by 6.9%. 2H24 revenue
                        growth was markedly stronger at 8.7% (or 7.1% in constant currency) as Coffee delivered double-digit growth and Cooking and
                        Food Prep slowed their rates of decline.
                        In the Global Product segment our NPD launches landed well, with strong sales from the Barista TouchTM Impress, the Vertuo
                        Creatista, the ParadiceTM Food Processors and the InFizzTM range. After a quiet period during Covid, new product launches are firing
                        with a healthy pipeline in place for FY25.


               14 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Operating and financial review continued
                        Segment results continued
                        New geographies continued to outperform, as did DTC (direct to consumer) channels which grew strongly.
                        Our Distribution segment saw a small revenue decline, but Gross Profit grew by 16.1% as Gross Margin improved, and Gross Profit
                        growth was prioritised over revenue in this segment.

                        Global Product Segment Revenue Growth – reported and constant currency

                                                                           Global Product Segment Revenue
                                                                                                             % Growth              1H24           2H24
                                                                                                            in constant       in constant    in constant
                                 1
                        AUDm                                         FY24            FY23    % Growth          currency          currency       currency

                        Americas                                     735.5          701.2       4.9%             2.9%             (2.2)%         12.0%
                        EMEA                                         325.2          285.8      13.8%             8.5%              5.5%          12.3%
                        APAC                                         275.4          292.2      (5.8)%           (6.4)%            (5.7)%         (7.1)%




For personal use only
                        TOTAL                                      1,336.0         1,279.2      4.4%             2.0%             (1.3)%          7.1%

                        1
                            Minor differences may arise due to rounding.                       Across the year Gross Profit grew by 7.7% or $40.0m of which
                        FY24 grew at 4.4%, led by the EMEA and the Americas.                   approximately one third flowed through to EBIT, with two thirds
                        2H24 saw a marked strengthening in sales growth to 7.1% (in            funding increased operating expenses.
                        constant currency), with two out of the three theatres in double-      D&A expenses increased, in line with plan, by $13.6m year-on-
                        digit growth. With consumers across the globe resetting to the         year due to the acceleration in the rate of new product launches
                        new economic reality at different rates, the Group’s geographic        post-Covid and an increase in depreciation of ROU (right of use)
                        diversity proved to be an asset, with improving second half            assets in line with our warehouse footprint expansion in FY23.
                        overall growth.
                                                                                               Employment expenses grew by $13.5m driven by the team
                        The Americas grew revenue by 2.9% in constant currency for             earning 100% STI (short term incentive) payout as opposed to
                        the full year, strengthening to 12.0% in 2H24 as all categories        58% in the PY. Like-for-like headcount was relatively stable and
                        improved their growth rate with strong double-digit growth in          other expenses, collectively, were flat year-on-year.
                        Coffee and Food Preparation back into growth, supported by
                                                                                               Investment functions expenses of marketing, R&D, technology
                        strong NPD activity.
                                                                                               services and solutions increased to 14.0% of sales vs 13.1% in
                        In EMEA FY24 constant currency revenue growth of 8.5% was              the prior year.
                        driven by 12.3% in the 2H24 as direct countries into which we
                                                                                               NPAT grew 7.5% due to reduced finance costs in the second
                        sell continued their strong growth and markets still served by
                                                                                               half as improved cashflow reduced debt, partially offset by the
                        distributors improved their performance. NPD launches landed
                        well driving double digit 2H24 growth, whilst our DTC channel          Group’s effective tax rate reverting to the long-term norm of
                        continued its strong growth trajectory.                                28.5% from 27.0% in the pcp due to higher R&D tax credits.
                        In APAC we saw a full year revenue decline of (6.4)% in                Financial Position
                        constant currency, but we saw good signs of 2H24 recovery
                        in our key direct markets of Australia, New Zealand and South          The Group’s lower net working capital position at 30 June 2024
                        Korea with the Coffee category delivering second half growth           of $341.6m ($455.1m in the pcp) largely reflects the reduction
                        across the three markets combined. Performance was weaker              in inventory levels delivered through measured purchase
                        in APAC distributor markets, which dampened the combined               reductions, rather than discounting, with Gross Margin
                        number for the Theatre. Encouragingly, South Korea continued           strengthened as inventory balances were reduced by $106.8m
                        its strong performance and reached its first milestone in 2H24,        or 24.3% to $332.8m (pcp $439.6m).
                        surpassing New Zealand in Gross Profit.                                The Group’s receivables balance of $282.0m was broadly flat
                        The second half performance was a good example of our                  year-on-year (pcp $276.8m), and debtor days are in line with
                        diversified portfolio and growth levers working for us, delivering     the prior period.
                        a promising return to stronger growth.                                 The development of new products and solutions is a key
                                                                                               element of the Group’s growth strategy and is reflected in
                        EBIT and NPAT                                                          the balance sheet as “Capitalised Development Costs and
                        In a low-growth revenue year we optimised Gross Profit and             Computer Software”. As more new products are developed and
                        contained operating expenses to deliver an 8.0% increase in            then launched, capitalisation increases, and with a lag so does
                        EBIT.                                                                  amortisation, driven by the length of our development cycle.
                        Input cost savings flowed through the year in both product             In FY24 the Group capitalised Development Costs and
                        costs and freight, with the latter increasing somewhat towards         Computer Software of $37.2m (pcp: $32.8m) and recognised
                        the end of the year. Warranty costs reverted to slightly below         an amortisation expense of $22.4m (pcp: $16.5m), increasing
                        historic norm at 3.2% of revenue. We were measured in our              the capitalised value to $86.3m. This intangible balance is
                        promotional calendar, only participating where we believed we          a good leading indicator of future growth, with the growing
                        would deliver a positive ROI. This approach drove Gross Margin         balance signalling that the Group has larger projects moving
                        gains of 140bps and maximised Gross Profit.                            toward launch or recently launched.




                                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 15
                        Directors’ report continued
                        Operating and financial review continued                              Dividends
                        Financial Position continued                                          A final dividend of 17.0 cents per share (100% franked) has
                                                                                              been declared (FY23: 15.5 cents,100% franked), bringing the
                        PPE balances increased by $9.1m in the year mainly due to the         total dividends for the year to 33.0 cents per share (FY23: 30.5
                        above-mentioned acceleration in new product development               cents).
                        increasing the number of projects investing in tooling, as well       The dividend reflects the target payout ratio of 40% of EPS on a
                        as investments to support the business (e.g. store fit out,           full year basis.
                        manufacturing equipment and facilities).
                                                                                              The final dividend will have a record date of 13 September 2024
                        Net Debt and Cash flow                                                and will be paid on 4 October 2024.
                        Free cashflow (FCF) for the 12 months to 30 June 2024 was             Material business risks
                        an inflow of $240.8m (pcp $37.1m) substantially driven by the
                        reduction in inventory balances.                                      The material business risks that may impact the achievement of
                                                                                              the Group’s strategy and its financial prospects are summarised
                        Strong cashflow over the last 12 months delivered a net cash          below, together with key actions intended to mitigate these
                        position of $53.6m at 30 June 2024 (pcp net debt of $(121.3)          risks.
                        m), an improvement of $174.9m.
                        The Group is now completely unleveraged and has significant




For personal use only
                        cash of $137.8m and unused debt facilities of $190.8m,
                        providing flexibility for seasonal working capital build and
                        expansion.


                         Risk            Nature of risk                                 Key actions to mitigate risk
                         Supply          Concentration of supply from one region        Inventory is held in market to provide a buffer against supply chain
                         chain           and country (China) raises the risk of         interruptions. In a period of heightened risk, inventory holdings may
                         disruption      supply interruption due to geo-political       be increased or brought to market early.
                         and input       tensions, public health decisions or           Alternative sourcing locations are being established, nearer to
                         cost risk       extreme climate events.                        market, with the first, Mexico, having been commissioned for one key
                                         This potential puts the Company’s ability      product.
                                         to adequately supply its market, and thus      Core S&OP process gives long forward visibility to suppliers to help
                                         Group revenue and profitability, at risk.      ensure that required components, labour etc. are secured.
                                         Inflationary pressures on manufacturing        The Company uses multiple manufacturers where possible to
                                         and transport costs may arise either           de-risk dependence on single suppliers and establishes long-term
                                         from high demand for consumer goods,           partnerships to manage short-term cost fluctuations.
                                         shipping and labour or from general
                                         inflationary pressures and exchange rate       Input cost inflation is monitored and negotiated by SKU and supplier
                                         movements or additional tariffs. Unless        in both USD and landed currency.
                                         recoverable by pricing this puts the           Pricing power of our premium, innovative products is leveraged to
                                         profitability of the Group at risk.            protect margins where possible on a market-by-market basis.
                                                                                        Contracted shipping and logistics rates are secured where possible.
                                                                                        Exchange rates are hedged 12 months in advance. Both of these
                                                                                        activities provide forward visibility of costs for 12 months to allow
                                                                                        effective management of margins.
                         Demand          There is risk of volatility in the growth      The increasingly diversified global revenue footprint of the Group
                         pattern risk    trajectory of the Company arising from         spreads this risk and mitigates the impact of disruption in a specific
                                         consumer-based cost of living pressures        region, or country, on the Group results.
                                         including interest costs.
                                                                                        Weekly sell-out is monitored by SKU and customer. This forward
                                         This can be exacerbated in the short           visibility allows informed adjustments in terms of market activity and
                                         term by retailer destocking / restocking       promotion in a timely, effective manner to optimise revenue and
                                         decisions sometimes effected by global         margin.
                                         shocks, as well as by the general risk
                                                                                        Rolling forecasting of annual gross profit delivery allows contraction,
                                         stance of retailers in the current uncertain
                                                                                        and expansion, of expenses as needed to deliver profit within a
                                         economic environment.
                                                                                        specific year. The Group has a strong track record of delivering
                                         This can impact revenue and profits            EBIT growth against a variety of backdrops whilst still maintaining
                                         and reputational risk with investors if        investment for sustainable long-term growth.
                                         expectations are not met.
                                                                                        The premium, innovative nature of the product range historically
                                                                                        provides some resilience of demand to short term economic
                                                                                        conditions.
                                                                                        Investment in enhanced promotional programs and initiatives may be
                                                                                        used to stimulate demand where there is an attractive ROI (return on
                                                                                        investment).



               16 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Operating and financial review continued
                        Material business risks continued

                         Risk             Nature of risk                                  Key actions to mitigate risk
                         ESG risk and     The potential exists for reputational risk      The Company’s approach to ESG issues and risks is detailed
                         sustainability   with employees, customers, investors,           in the ESG report section of the Directors report page 18 to 29
                                          regulators and society, and subsequent          which cover the Group’s approach to climate emissions and ESG
                                          financial impact, if the Group fails to act     responsibilities more generally.
                                          adequately on ESG issues and / or fails to      The Group’s commitment to a sustainable business model is guided
                                          communicate its strategy and approach,          by the Board Sustainability Committee.
                                          including in response to relevant
                                          regulations.
                                          There is a risk to supply continuity from
                                          extreme climate events (see above).
                                          Changing consumer trends, preferences
                                          or expectations regarding sustainable




For personal use only
                                          product design could adversely influence
                                          demand for the Company’s products if the
                                          Company fails to adapt to these.
                         Product          Insufficient or ineffective investment in       Securing of proven, world class leadership for product
                         development      product development and innovation,             development, technology services, marketing and solutions
                         and              and inadequate communication of the             functions helps to mitigate this risk.
                         innovation       innovative range to customers and               The Company has a strategic annual target of increasing its
                         risk             consumers may result in loss of revenues        investment in product development, technology and solutions as
                                          and competitive advantage.                      well as marketing and communications. This forms part of the LTI
                                                                                          (long term incentive) plan.
                                                                                          The prioritisation of investment in these growth drivers is
                                                                                          communicated as a core part of Group strategy in investor
                                                                                          engagements and results presentations.
                         Cyber            Breaches of cyber security is a                 The technology services team has further developed the Group’s
                         security risk    growing global risk as the volume and           cyber security and privacy programs in FY24 within an overall
                                          sophistication of threats has increased.        security and privacy framework, including:
                                          Risks include:                                  •   Deployment of modern IT infrastructure with latest security
                                          •   Unauthorised access to data /                   defences.
                                              information leading to reputational         •   Penetration testing and vulnerability assessments.
                                              damage and / or risk of litigation.
                                                                                          •   Continuous cyber threat monitoring and a robust incident
                                          •   Malicious attacks that result in outages        management process.
                                              and service and revenue disruption.
                                                                                          •   PCI Audits and external reviews of some of our key cloud
                                          •   Ransom demands with direct financial            operating environments.
                                              consequence to the business.
                                                                                          •   Selection of a privacy and data mapping platform to facilitate
                                          •   Failure to comply with regulatory               compliance with multiple global privacy obligations.
                                              standards risks financial fines or
                                              restrictions to conduct business.           •   Employee mandatory multi-factor authentication and annual
                                                                                              cyber security and phishing training.
                                          •   Business interruption and availability of
                                              systems following a breach.                 •   Annual cyber-attack simulation exercise.
                         Key              High turnover of key staff may impact           Annual high potential and succession planning identifies successors
                         employee         the performance of the Group if there           for key roles and individual development plans for key employees.
                         risk             is inadequate succession planning in
                                                                                          Key roles are benchmarked to market domestically and
                                          place. Inadequate career planning and
                                                                                          internationally to ensure that they are competitive.
                                          inadequate comparative remuneration
                                          may heighten turnover especially given the      Retention is encouraged through the use of LTI plans and deferred
                                          Group’s increasing international footprint      remuneration share rights.
                                          and the global “war for talent”.




                                                                                                                         Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 17
                        Directors’ report continued
                        Operating and financial review continued
                        Material business risks continued

                         Risk              Nature of risk                                     Key actions to mitigate risk
                         Health and        Inadequate WHS and well-being practices            The Board receives and reviews WHS statistics and incidents on
                         safety risk       can impact the safety, motivation and              a monthly basis to ensure top-down ownership of this risk. WHS
                                           engagement of employees resulting in an            office ensures accurate monitoring and timely action on any issue.
                                           impact on business performance as well             In recognition of the strain that employees can face to their mental
                                           as exposing the Group to reputational and          and physical wellbeing, a range of wellbeing activities and support
                                           financial risk via litigation and fines.           programs are available to employees.
                                           Inherent in producing and selling kitchen          BRG has extensive compliance processes in place to ensure
                                           appliances is also the risk of poor-quality        its products are safe and exceed regulatory standards in our
                                           products harming consumers, with a                 various markets. Rigorous safety standards are a critical element
                                           safety and reputational impact as well             in our approach to product development. Post design the Group
                                           as financial risk from lost revenue and            maintains a zero-tolerance Pre-Shipment Inspection (PSI) program
                                           damages.                                           for all products before they leave the factory.




For personal use only
                                                                                              Protocols are in place for rapid reaction to any reported in-use
                                                                                              consumer event including product recalls. BRG has not had to issue
                                                                                              a product recall since 7 November 2016.
                                                                                              BRG has an outsourced business model for manufacturing and
                                                                                              distribution with the exception of Lelit®.


                        Group acceleration strategy update                                        US and the UK, with further countries to follow. Supporting the
                                                                                                  Cooking category, the Breville+ service in the US now includes
                        During FY24, the Group has continued to progress its                      over 1200 recipes sourced from ChefSteps, the Breville Test
                        acceleration program, the impacts of which helped drive the               Kitchen, the New York Times, Serious Eats, Americas’ Test
                        FY24 performance as well as position the Group for future                 Kitchen, Williams Sonoma and many individual chefs; cooking
                        growth.                                                                   guides to help consumers achieve great results with their
                        The strategic decision made in 2016 to increase investment                own recipes; and live and on-demand cooking classes. All
                        into the organic growth engines of the Company, and continued             Breville+ content is specifically optimised for the individual
                        every year thereafter, materially supported the Group’s growth            Breville products supported by the service. The service now
                        in FY24.                                                                  encompasses food processors as well as ovens and sous
                                                                                                  vides.
                        Innovative new products, including the Barista TouchTM Impress,
                        the Vertuo Creatista, the InFizzTM range and the ParadiceTM Food          Underpinning these growth levers is the corporate platform,
                        Processors all performed well. Go-To-Market increasingly used             with the benefits of the platform visible in how quickly the team
                        its new Launch v2.0 process, enabling the entire retail channel           rolled out new websites and integrated new geographies.
                        of a country go live on a single day. The Technology Services             In FY24 the total P&L expense on R&D, technology services,
                        team, in concert with the Go-To-Market team, continued to                 marketing and solutions was 14.0% of sales, an increase from
                        productise and improve the Group’s digital offense, supporting            13.1% in the prior year.
                        the growth rate in all digital channels.
                        FY24 growth was also supported by the Group’s geographic
                        expansion efforts, which began in earnest in FY18. Countries
                                                                                                  Environmental, Society and Governance
                        entered since FY18 grew their aggregate revenue by 30.4%                  (ESG) Report
                        in FY24, outperforming the Group and contributing strongly to
                        overall Group growth performance. In FY24 the Global Product              Our commitment to ESG
                        segment revenue of EMEA comfortably surpassed APAC, the
                        home region of the Group, and within APAC the Gross Profit of             BRG is committed to ethical, responsible, and sustainable
                        South Korea exceeded New Zealand in the 2H24. These are                   conduct across and throughout its business, reinforced through
                        two examples of newer geographies not only growing fast but               our culture, values, process, structure, and policies. Our ESG
                        having the scale to impact overall Group results.                         priorities and strategy are a central part of our overall business
                                                                                                  strategy and are a fundamental part of the way we work.
                        In early FY24, Breville-branded products were made available to
                        Specialty Coffee retailers in the US through the new B2B portal,          Our ESG strategy – “to create innovative, attractive and
                        widening Breville’s channel footprint in coffee and allowing all          energy efficient kitchen appliances, designed and sourced in a
                        three brands, LELIT®, Breville® and Baratza® to be sold side-by-          socially and environmentally responsible manner that delights
                        side. The Group also continued the multi-country rollout of both          our consumers, meets the expectations of our stakeholders
                        Baratza® and LELIT®, transitioning from a distributor model to a          and delivers sustainable value creation” is embedded in our
                        direct model in multiple countries. Baratza® was introduced in            business operations and risk management process.
                        Europe and Australia, and LELIT® was introduced in the US and             As a consumer-facing company that operates in the heart of
                        Australia. This global rollout will continue as both Baratza® and         our consumers’ homes, the kitchen, our reputation, and ability
                        LELIT® leverage the Group’s global footprint and capability.              to meet ethical and behavioural expectations, is core to our
                        BRG also made significant progress in its development of                  sustained sales, business health and value creation. Our ESG
                        solutions. In Coffee, the beanz™ platform is live in Australia, the       strategy and priorities are shaped by an ongoing engagement



               18 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Operating and financial review continued                             Environmental
                        ESG Report continued                                                 1. Climate Change
                        Our commitment to ESG continued
                                                                                             1.1 Climate risks and opportunities (ASRS)
                        and dialogue with consumers and other stakeholders, allied
                                                                                             As recommended under ASRS we examine our exposure to
                        with scientific analysis and measurement to ensure that we
                                                                                             climate-related risks, and the adequacy of mitigants, under two
                        prioritise initiatives that empirically have the biggest impact on
                                                                                             key scenarios. We seek to assess both how climate change
                        reducing carbon emissions.
                                                                                             could impact our sustainability as well as the impact that BRG is
                        Reporting and regulatory frameworks have continued to                having on the climate, examining:
                        develop across the markets in which we operate in FY24.
                                                                                             i.    How climate risks and opportunities should impact the type
                        During FY24 we completed an ASRS (Australian Sustainability                of products we design and produce;
                        Reporting Standards) gap assessment on our climate reporting,
                                                                                             ii.   How consumer and society expectations are evolving; and
                        supported by Deloitte, to ensure that we are progressing on
                        the path to be ASRS compliant in our reporting for the period        iii. How climate change and events can impact our business
                        1 July 2025 to 30 June 2026. We have developed a road map                 operations.
                        to ensure timely compliance with both ASRS1 and ASRS2 and            We considered the potential impact of a high global warming
                        have adopted several of the upcoming requirements in this            scenario and low global warming scenario, with both scenarios




For personal use only
                        year’s report.                                                       being based on the draft guidance in the Supplementary
                        We also acknowledge and work towards the 17 UN sustainable           Explanatory Memorandum concerning the Climate Change Act
                        development goals in shaping our ESG priorities.                     (section 296D(2B)) and chosen from the Network for Greening
                                                                                             the Financial System (NGFS) scenarios.
                        For FY24 our key ESG priority areas are described below.
                                                                                             1. High global warming scenario, defined as an increase
                        Key Priorities                                                          of >2.5°C from pre-industrial levels in the global average
                                                                                                temperature arising from the moderate and heterogeneous
                        Environmental                                                           NDCs (Nationally Determined Contributions) in place at the
                            1. Climate Change                                                   beginning of 2021 being pursued across the 21st century
                                                                                                resulting in an emissions decline, but nonetheless a >2.5°C
                            1.1 Climate risks & opportunities (ASRS)                            of warming, and associated moderate to severe physical
                            1.2 Carbon emissions - measurement and reduction                    risks. Transition risks, in contrast, are relatively low.
                            1.3 Energy efficiency initiatives                                        i.   Policy ambition: 2.6°C
                            1.4 Sustainable design, repairability and end of life                    ii. Policy reaction: NDCs
                            1.5 Sustainable packaging                                                iii. Technology change: Slow change
                            1.6 Waste Diversion                                                      iv. CDR (carbon dioxide removal) technologies: Low-
                                                                                                     medium use
                        Social
                                                                                                     v. Regional policy variation: Medium variation
                            2. Ethical Sourcing: Human rights and modern slavery
                                                                                             2. Low global warming scenario, defined as an increase
                            3. Product Quality and Safety including Product                     of 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels arising from the
                            Recall                                                              implementation of stringent climate policies and innovation,
                            4. Community Relations                                              reaching global net zero emissions around 2050 with the
                                                                                                US, EU and Japan also reaching net zero for all greenhouse
                            4.1 Community engagement
                                                                                                gases by this point. Physical risks are relatively low, but
                            4.2 Reconciliation Action plan                                      transition risks are conversely high.
                            5. Employee Wellbeing                                                    i.   Policy ambition: 1.5°C
                            5.1 Diversity and inclusion                                              ii. Policy Reaction: Immediate and smooth
                            5.2 Health, safety and wellbeing                                         iii. Technology change: Fast change
                        Governance                                                                   iv. CDR technologies: Medium-high use
                            6. Corporate Governance                                                  v. Regional policy variation: Medium variation
                            6.1 Board independence and diversity                             BRG has chosen to examine the impact of transition risks for
                                                                                             the low scenario, and physical risks for the high scenario.
                            6.2 Sustainability governance and reporting
                                                                                             The key risks, impact, mitigants, and opportunities layout aligns
                            7. Corporate Behaviour                                           with the emerging ASRS framework. Chosen timeframes of 3
                            7.1 Anti-bribery and corruption and whistle blowing              years (Short-term), 7 years (Mid-term), and 15 years (Long-term)
                                                                                             are relevant to our product innovation cycle.
                            7.2 Cyber security and data privacy
                                                                                             Primary risks and opportunities include not only physical
                            7.3 Policy availability
                                                                                             disruption from extreme weather events, but also changing
                                                                                             consumer and employee expectations which will increasingly
                                                                                             guide the type of products we develop, how they are packaged,
                                                                                             how energy efficient they are and how we communicate this to
                                                                                             consumers.



                                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 19
                        Directors’ report continued
                        Operating and financial review continued                            engineering teams increasingly look to optimise the strength
                                                                                            and weight of the materials we use to reduce their consumption
                        ESG Report continued                                                as well as identifying alternative recyclable materials. We also
                        1.1 Climate risks and opportunities (ASRS) continued                endeavour to engineer repairability into products to delay and
                                                                                            reduce the end-of-life impact of appliances. Our packaging
                        We have already made good progress in designing,                    teams are committed to reducing our environmental footprint
                        engineering, and providing our customers with more energy           by minimising unnecessary packaging and aiming to use 100%
                        efficient options (see ThermoJet® on page 23). Our design and       recyclable materials.


                         Type of risk          Description of risk             Risk mitigation measures                         Opportunities
                         296D(2B) Low          Initiatives and                 Implement accurate, complete, and reliable       Increase the attractiveness
                         Global Warming        communication                   emissions measurement and undertake              of BRG to consumers,
                         Scenario:             There is a risk that BRG        meaningful and quantifiable interventions.       employees, and investors,
                                               will not meet consumer,                                                          by leading on initiatives and
                         NGFS Net Zero                                         Effective communication with consumers,
                                               employee, and investor                                                           disclosures.
                         2050                                                  employees, investors, and other
                                               expectations for sufficiently   stakeholders.                                    Potential financial impact
                         Category:             fast climate base initiatives




For personal use only
                                                                               Increase our level of emission reduction         •   Short-term: Benefits to
                         Transition –          and disclosures as both
                                                                               activity, including:                                 employee satisfaction
                         reputational risk     societal expectations and
                                               regulatory frameworks           •   Product Design – energy efficiency               resulting in lower turnover
                         Internal              evolve.                         •   Product Design – materials, durability
                                                                                                                                    and higher productivity.
                         assessment:                                               and recyclability                            •   Mid-term: Sustained or
                         High
                                               Potential financial impact
                                                                                                                                    increased sales.
                                                                               •   Product Design – repairability
                                               •   Short-term: Reduced
                         Business area:                                                                                         •   Long-term: Increased
                                                   employee attraction and     •   Product Design – recyclable packaging
                         Strategic                                                                                                  access to capital due
                                                   retention.                  Upgrading our disclosure to better reflect our       to higher ESG investor
                         Timeframe:            •   Mid-term: Reduced sales     progress and to adopt the ASRS framework.            ratings reducing cost of
                         Short, Mid, and           arising from consumer                                                            capital.
                         Long term                 preferences
                                               •   Long-term: Reduction in
                                                   capital availability.
                         296D(2B) Low          Innovation and                  •   R&D spending and quality – the               Clear opportunity to innovate
                         Global Warming        technological advantage             quantum of investment in R&D has             and develop new low-
                         Scenario:             From a technology                   been increased over the last five years.     emission products to improve
                                               perspective in the transition       Focus on emerging sustainable materials      our competitive position
                         NGFS Net Zero
                                               to a low carbon economy             e.g. moulded paper pulp vs. expanded         and capitalise on shifting
                         2050
                                               there is a risk / opportunity       polystyrene (EPS) is embedded in R&D         consumer preferences.
                         Category:             that new materials, power           process.                                     Existing examples include
                         Transition – market   sources and designs emerge      •   Innovation pipeline – The BRG new            our energy efficient and
                         risk                  that give a technological           product development (NPD) process            proprietary ThermoJet®
                                               or cost advantage to our            uses an innovation funnel. The use of        heater technology used in
                         Internal              competitors.                        sustainable materials and repairability      our espresso machines.
                         assessment:                                               increasingly informs sales estimates and
                         Medium risk
                                               Potential financial impact          the commercial assessments of potential      Potential financial impact
                                               •   Short-term: Reduced             projects via use of Life-Cycle Analysis      •   Mid-term: Increased
                         Business area:            revenue from losing             (LCA) for new products.                          demand for goods and
                         Strategic                 our premium product         •   Project Forever – a specific deep dive           services due to shift in
                                                   differentiation.                R&D project identified a variety of              consumer preferences
                         Timeframe:                                                                                                 and cost advantage from
                                               •   Mid-term: Cost                  opportunities for BRG to participate
                         Short, Mid, and                                                                                            early adoption of new
                                                   disadvantage if cost-           more fully in the circular economy. The
                         Long term                                                                                                  materials.
                                                   effective new materials         findings will increasingly inform our NPD
                                                   are not adopted on a            funnel and ESG priorities.
                                                   timely basis.
                                               •   Long-term: Expensive
                                                   research and
                                                   development (R&D)
                                                   expenditures required
                                                   to catch up if BRG is
                                                   left behind on new and
                                                   alternative technologies.




               20 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Operating and financial review continued
                        ESG Report continued
                        1.1 Climate risks and opportunities (ASRS) continued

                         Type of risk         Description of risk             Risk mitigation measures                          Opportunities
                         296D(2B) High        Supply risk                     •   Inventory in Market: holding of finished      Opportunity to sustain
                         Global Warming       Chronic climate risks               product inventory in end consumer             BRG’s supply chain as
                         Scenario:            like drought, or repeated           market reduces periodic vulnerability to      competitively reliable.
                                              flooding, heightens the risk        non-supply.
                         NGFS Nationally
                         Determined           of unavailability of parts,     •   Globally Diverse operations: our wide         Potential financial impact
                         Contributions        disruption to production and        geographic spread provides a hedge            •   Mid-term: Increased
                                              delivery to the end consumer.       against sales disruption in one territory.        diversity of supply chain
                         Category:                                                Dual warehouses in bigger markets                 and ability to operate
                                              Potential financial impact
                         Physical – chronic                                       such as USA mitigate against in-country           under various conditions
                         risk                 •   Mid-term: Reduced               disruption.                                       should bring stability to
                                                  revenues from               •   Alternative Supply: qualifying suppliers          product costs.
                         Internal




For personal use only
                                                  interruptions to market         in alternative geographies is a slow
                         assessment:              supply.                                                                       •   Mid-term: Reliability of
                                                                                  but effective way to mitigate this risk.          supply in end consumer
                         Medium risk          •   Mid-term: Increased             A Mexico manufacturing plant was                  market can bring sales
                                                  insurance premiums and          commissioned in FY23, and this initiative         uplift if peers manage
                         Business area:
                                                  potential for reduced           is continuing.                                    less effectively.
                         Operational
                                                  availability of insurance   •   Operations and logistics: give forward
                                                  on assets in “high-risk”                                                      •   Mid-term: demonstrated
                         Timeframe:                                               demand visibility to suppliers to secure          ability to flex inventory up
                                                  locations.                      parts and materials well in advance to
                         Short, Mid, and                                                                                            and down with negligible
                         Long term            •   Long-term: Increased            protect against supply interruptions              effect on discounting
                                                  cost of sustaining              including climate events.                         and obsolescence make
                                                  multiple sourcing                                                                 this a relatively low cost
                                                  locations.                                                                        mitigant.
                         296D(2B) High        Business interruption           •   Inventory in Market: holding of finished      Opportunity to sustain
                         Global Warming       After a violent disruptive          product inventory in end- consumer            BRG’s supply chain as
                         Scenario:            event such as extreme               market reduces periodic vulnerability to      competitively reliable.
                                              weather events interruption         non-supply.
                         NGFS Nationally
                         Determined           could occur to supply.          •   Supply planning: retail partners hold         Potential financial impact
                         Contributions                                            stock in market, providing a further buffer   •   Mid-term: Opportunity
                                              Potential financial impact
                                                                                  against disruption to supply.                     to gain market share
                         Category:            •   Short-term: Reduced                                                               if more reliable supply
                                                                              •   Business interruption insurance.
                         Physical – acute         revenue from                                                                      chain is delivered and a
                         risk                     transportation challenges   •   Physical Diligence: sprinkler and fire
                                                                                                                                    competitor is interrupted.
                                                  and lost stock as well as       extinguishers at our sites are regularly
                         Internal                 temporarily decreased           inspected and maintained. Supplier sites      •   Long-term: Increased
                         assessment:              production capacity.            are reviewed as part of our SMETA audit           market valuation through
                         Medium risk                                              program. Additionally, audits relating            demonstrated supply
                                              •   Mid-term: Increased             to fire safety and emergency response             chain resilience.
                                                  capital costs from
                         Business area:                                           are completed at office locations and         •   Mid-term: demonstrated
                                                  damage to facilities.           warehouses on a regular basis.
                         Operational                                                                                                ability to flex inventory up
                                                                                                                                    and down with negligible
                         Timeframe:                                                                                                 effect on discounting
                         Short, Mid, and                                                                                            and obsolescence make
                         Long term                                                                                                  this a relatively low cost
                                                                                                                                    mitigant.


                        1.2 Carbon emissions – measurement and reduction                    straightforward, whereas Scope 3 measurement is more
                                                                                            complex and needs to be determined at an individual product
                        BRG is committed to comprehensively measuring and reducing          level using LCA.
                        its carbon footprint across Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions.
                                                                                            To enable this approach, we have also implemented the Sphera
                        In line with ASRS, BRG aligns all its metrics with the              “LCA for Experts” package (LCAE) to perform in-house, cradle-
                        Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHGP) and measures all carbon              to-grave, LCAs on our product range. This not only enables
                        emissions against 100-year time horizon global warming              credible granular modelling and targets to be set but is also
                        potentials (GWP) relative to CO2.                                   proving invaluable in methodically identifying priority areas
                        BRG has implemented and is populating SpheraCloud®                  for intervention e.g. the use of ThermoJet® energy efficient
                        Corporate Sustainability software (SCSS) to comprehensively         espresso heaters.
                        record and model emissions. Scope 1 and 2 are relatively



                                                                                                                       Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 21
                        Directors’ report continued
                        Operating and financial review continued                                 likely that our illustrative emissions estimates are towards the
                                                                                                 high end of a range of probable outcomes. Specifically, our best
                        ESG report continued                                                     estimate assumptions are currently:
                        1.2 Carbon emissions – measurement and reduction                         •   Products are used for 7 years before disposal;
                        continued                                                                •   Emissions impact of electricity consumption matches the
                        Scope 1 and 2 Emissions                                                      Australian electricity matrix (which has a low renewables
                                                                                                     mix);
                        BRG has committed to reach net zero emissions for Scope 1
                        and 2 in our sites and operations in FY25. To date we have:              •   Ovens’ usage frequency is the same as the patterns we
                                                                                                     observe from our connected oven data;
                        •   Moved to renewable electricity and solar in key locations;
                                                                                                 •   Espresso machines are used to make an average of 10
                        •   Implemented energy efficiency initiatives including optimised            lattes per week, every week of ownership, for all users;
                            lighting and sensors; and
                                                                                                 •   Products are transported by road and sea travel from
                        •   Defined an offset strategy for unavoidable emissions.                    Shenzhen to our in-market warehouses;
                        Our Global headquarters and R&D facility in Alexandria, Sydney           •   1,000km of further road transport occurs from warehouse
                        initially accounted for 79% of the baseline (2020) Scope 1 and               to the consumer's home;
                        2 emissions. By FY24 we achieved a 59% emissions reduction
                                                                                                 •   All paper packaging waste is recycled, and plastic




For personal use only
                        from this key site. FY23 saw the inclusion of Lelit factory
                        sites into Scope 1 and 2 emissions that partially masked this                packaging waste is sent to landfill; and
                        progress.                                                                •   At their end of life, all products are sent to landfill, with
                        FY24 Scope 1 and 2 emissions were measured as 1,116 MT                       150km of road transport (despite recycling options).
                        C02eq. and we remain confident of achieving our net zero                 Using these assumptions, the LCAs for our top 17 products
                        emissions target by reducing gross emissions further and                 (62.5% of our total FY24 sales), multiplied by FY24 sales units,
                        through the limited use of carbon credits. We have partnered             gives an estimated Scope 3 emissions for FY24 of 845,352.33
                        with Clima who are assisting us in creating a robust offset              MT CO2 eq. including biogenic carbon and 837,812.21 MT CO2
                        portfolio including projects in Australia and relevant overseas          eq. excluding biogenic carbon.
                        locations where we have operations.
                                                                                                 If we simply extrapolate this number to include the 37.5% of
                                                                                                 units not yet LCA modelled, we come to an illustrative carbon
                                                                                                 footprint for all products sold in FY24 of 1,352,563.74 MT CO2
                                                                                                 eq. including biogenic carbon and 1,340,499.54 MT CO2 eq.
                                                                                                 excluding biogenic carbon.
                                                                                                 This extrapolation implicitly assumes that the footprint of the
                                                                                                 products yet to be modelled is similar to the 17 that we have
                                                                                                 modelled. It is our working assumption that these remaining
                                                                                                 products will use less energy and material, and have a lower
                                                                                                 emissions footprint, as they are, on average, simpler and less
                                                                                                 frequently used appliances. Our illustrative estimate is therefore
                                                                                                 likely to have a further layer of conservatism built in. This will
                        * Modelled using SCSS. Lelit manufacturing facilities added into scope   be updated across FY25 and FY26 as more products are
                          in FY23                                                                modelled.
                        Scope 3 Emissions
                        The majority of BRG emissions are produced from activities
                        not owned, or directly controlled, by BRG, such as the impact
                        of third-party manufacturing including power, materials and
                        parts used, third party logistics, the usage of our products
                        in consumers’ homes and finally their disposal. The Scope
                        3 emissions we estimate for the Group are modelled on
                        a product-by-product basis for key products and then
                        extrapolated to estimate the Group’s total emissions.
                        Using LCAE we are able to build granular product-by-product
                        LCAs. We have completed this detailed product level LCA
                        modelling for our 17 highest revenue products (13 espresso
                        machines and 4 ovens) which represented 62.5% of FY24
                        sales.
                        In building an LCA, material usage and energy consumption                * Modelled using LCAE for 17 products and then extrapolated for
                                                                                                   illustrative purposes to show estimated Group emissions.
                        are specifically modelled for the individual product using the
                        bill of materials and product testing respectively. However, to          We currently measure the critical 7 Scope 3 categories for BRG
                        model a complete and full LCA, assumptions need to be made               of the 15 set out in the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. These 7 are
                        about frequency of product use, power source, transport type             estimated to make up over 90% of our Scope 3 emissions. In
                        and distance, usage life span and final disposal route. These            FY25 we will complete the assessment and measurement of the
                        elements aren’t recorded by product, so the LCA modelling                remaining minor categories and include these in our Scope 3
                        estimates their impact based on our best estimate assumptions.           emissions estimate.
                        We are deliberately conservative in our assumptions, so it is



               22 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Operating and financial review continued                             The alternative to boilers, thermocoils, still require the heating
                                                                                             of blocks of aluminium to transfer energy, a process that
                        ESG report continued                                                 consumes significant amounts of energy.
                        1.2 Carbon emissions – measurement and reduction                     It was with this in mind that BRG helped pioneer a printed
                        continued                                                            thick film heater for coffee makers (ThermoJet®) that heats
                                                                                             up instantly and delivers precise temperature control using a
                        The LCA’s we have completed (covering 62.5% of our FY24
                                                                                             significantly less energy than traditional methods.
                        sales) clearly show that the largest contributor to our product
                        emissions is the in-use electricity, making up 82.6% of total        BRG espresso machines fitted with a ThermoJet® heater:
                        product emissions. This is highest in ovens and lower in             •   Use approximately 2.5 times less total energy during normal
                        espresso machines. The manufacturing phase, led by material              use than a BRG thermocoil machine, 6.6 times less energy
                        usage, is the second largest contributor. Packaging, transport           than a BRG dual boiler machine, and 21.8 times less energy
                        and end of life disposal have a more minor impact.                       than a traditional boiler machine; and
                        These findings inform both our current focus on energy               •   Save between 49 to 230 (kWh) per Thermojet® machine vs.
                        efficiency (i.e. ThermoJet® initiative) as well as medium                a thermocoil or dual boiler machine respectively.
                        term product development strategies focused on alternative
                        production material and reduced usage.                               We believe that this is one of the most significant climate-
                                                                                             friendly innovations in small kitchen appliances in the last
                                                                                             decade and it forms a key part of our path to reduce our in-use




For personal use only
                                                                                             energy consumption. The technology scores an A rating in
                                                                                             Swiss Energy Ratings for energy savings compared to a B or C
                                                                                             rating for thermocoils and a D rating for boilers.

                                                                                             ThermoJet® – a significant innovative impact on reducing
                                                                                             C02 emissions




                        * Average of 17 products for which detailed LCA modelling has been
                          completed using LCAE.
                        The impact of Scope 3 emissions far outweighs that of our
                        Scope 1 and 2 emissions, so whilst we will work towards net
                        zero carbon emissions for Scope 1 and 2, the largest priority for
                        the Group is Scope 3 targeted reductions.
                        1.3 Energy efficiency initiatives                                    By examining detailed LCAs for different types of espresso
                        As shown in the above pie chart the key emissions opportunity        machines we can see the difference between the carbon
                        for an appliance company such as BRG is enhancing energy             emissions from each type of boiler, with ThermoJet®
                        efficiency in the consumer use-phase. This is particularly           significantly lower than the alternative technologies.
                        relevant while the electricity matrices of our key consumer
                        markets have a low renewables mix.
                        We assess our energy efficiency performance using the
                        Swiss Energy Ratings label across our key appliances to
                        monitor the relative energy efficiency of our range (star rating
                        is currently not available for small domestic appliances). BRG
                        also voluntarily tests its products against the European Union’s
                        Ecodesign Directive (Directive 2009/125/EC), which sets
                        ecological requirements for energy use. All BRG products are
                        also designed to comply with the EuP (Energy using Products)
                        requirements set by the European Union meaning that products
                        without a screen must use half a watt or less in stand-by mode
                        and products with a screen must use one watt or less in stand-       * Modelled using LCAE
                        by mode and switch off before a maximum of 30 minutes.
                                                                                             BRG has embraced this energy efficient technology;
                        As a key energy saving initiative, BRG is proud to have jointly
                        pioneered the ThermoJet® heating system in its espresso              •   Doubling the number of machines sold using a ThermoJet®
                        machines addressing the major energy usage in a typical                  from FY20 to FY24 reaching over 677,000 in FY24;
                        espresso machine – delivery of hot water and steam.                  •   Increasing the percentage of BRG coffee machines using
                        Traditional espresso machines are one of the highest energy              ThermoJet from 43% in FY20 to 53% in FY24
                        consuming products in the small kitchen appliances world             •   Reducing the proportion of coffee machines using Boilers to
                        due to the need to heat up and keep a body of water at                   3.6% in FY24, down from 5.9% in FY20;
                        temperature, traditionally done using metal boilers.


                                                                                                                         Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 23
                        Directors’ report continued
                        Operating and financial review continued                             1.5 Sustainable packaging

                        ESG report continued                                                 Packaging materials constitute only an estimated 0.7% of our
                                                                                             emissions impact but are important to our customers and
                        1.3 Energy efficiency initiatives continued                          employees, and this is an area where we are making rapid and
                        •   All new BRG coffee machines launched in FY24 and                 significant progress.
                            78% of new models currently under development use a              We are a decade-long member of the Australian Packaging
                            ThermoJet®;                                                      Covenant Organisation (APCO) and have entered into a
                        •   Based on units sold in FY20-24 the adoption of the               voluntary agreement to reduce the impact of packaging on the
                            ThermoJet® technology is estimated to have saved                 environment. In FY24 our comprehensive packaging audit was
                            approximately 1,104 million kilowatt hours (kWh) of lifetime     extended to include all new SKUs to support the rapid roll out
                            electricity used against an equivalent range of thermocoil       of key developments in recyclable packaging across all existing
                            machines, and 4,402 million kilowatt hours (kWh) against         as well as new products.
                            a range of dual boiler machines. Both estimates based on         BRG’s key sustainable packaging commitments are:
                            assumed annual consumer usage and a 7-year lifecycle;
                                                                                             •   All packaging to be reusable, recyclable or compostable by
                        •   Assuming 0.386 kgs of CO2 was generated per kWh                      end 2025 (aligned to APCO target);
                            (sourced from US Energy Information Administration) BRG’s
                            transition to ThermoJet® heaters over FY20-24 is estimated       •   Removal of expanded polystyrene (EPS) from consumer




For personal use only
                            to have saved between 426,346 and 1,700,856 metric                   packaging by July 2025; and
                            tonnes of CO2 over the lifetime of the machines sold.            •   Removal of non-essential packaging (ongoing target), for
                        This progress reflects a significant, and innovative, contribution       example the combination of shipper and inner display box.
                        to our energy efficiency and emissions reduction journey.            In 2023 BRG launched the company-wide Sustainable Brown
                        Looking forward, BRG remains committed to have at least 75%          Box initiative to achieve best-in-class sustainable packaging
                        of our new coffee machines sold in FY28, and launched since          including use of a recyclable outer box, the complete removal of
                        2020, using ThermoJet® or equivalent technology.                     EPS and minimal use of soft plastics.
                        This is a key, material and measurable initiative and target for     The ‘Brown Box Project’ was formed with the intention of
                        our Emissions reduction ambition (see page 25).                      creating premium packaging using only materials that are
                        1.4 Sustainable design, repairability and end of life                kerbside recyclable. We are currently on track to have all EPS
                                                                                             removed from the Australian market by the end of H1 FY25
                        Our LCAs also highlight an emissions reduction opportunity           and we continue to seek a suitable replacement for LDPE (Low
                        from reducing key material usage, notably plastics and metals,       Density Polyethylene) bags.
                        in our products’ manufacturing phase.
                        Our design and engineering teams are continually working
                        to optimise the strength and weight of materials used in
                        our key machines to reduce material consumption whilst
                        maintaining desired quality, using Finite Element Analysis (FEA),
                        Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD), Design for Manufacturing
                        studies (DFM), as well as Failure Mode and Effect Analysis tools
                        (FMEA).
                        To complement this approach, our R&D team has completed
                        the discovery phase of its Forever Project with the objective
                        of identifying the most impactful design changes BRG could
                        undertake to materially reduce the per unit carbon impact
                        (Scope 3 emissions) of the products it designs and engineers.
                        This phase of the project was undertaken by the strategic
                        business unit of Design and Innovation known as ‘deep dive’,
                        which is responsible for many of the innovations in our award-
                        winning products.
                                                                                             Moving forward the priority is the removal of EPS globally from
                        The primary consideration of the project was to examine how          all product packaging with ANZ packaging configurations being
                        circular economy principles could deliver sustainable outcomes       rolled out across all countries and a further 20 products, not
                        for the environment whilst delivering elevated customer              sold in ANZ, now being redesigned. Upon completion of this
                        experiences and ongoing strong commercial growth. The                project, no BRG product packaging will incorporate EPS.
                        project resulted in a detailed paper containing several promising
                        avenues that were reviewed for priority, investment and action.      1.6 Waste diversion
                        An initial project has been moved into the next phase of the         All recyclable waste streams generated at our Sydney
                        innovation funnel, the exploration phase, beginning in FY25.         headquarters and global R&D centre are diverted from landfill.
                        Material usage emissions impact can also be reduced by               This means that our co-mingled recycling, organic, paper and
                        extending the lifecycle of our products. BRG already sells           cardboard, e-waste, and EPS waste are all disposed of in a
                        key spare parts, filters, and cleaners for our most popular          sustainable way. Soft plastics remains an area of challenge and
                        appliances to help extend their lifecycle. Baratza goes further,     one where we continue to look for a recycling partner.
                        with its grinders explicitly designed to be user repairable. This    During FY24, BRG produced a total of 43.5 tonnes of waste,
                        approach is mirrored in the newly acquired Lelit business            21.3 tonnes (or 49%) of which was recycled. In FY25 the main
                        with repairability a key part of the brand identity and driver of    priority in this area will be to continue to develop and implement
                        consumer choice. In core BRG ranges a ‘serviceability index,’        initiatives designed to further reduce waste being sent to landfill.
                        has been introduced, to track and encourage repairability as a
                        design criterion in new products.

               24 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Operating and financial review continued
                        ESG report continued
                        1.6 Waste diversion continued




                                                                                                                          * Data sourced from waste providers
                                                                                                                          Remondis and Sircel
                                                                                                                          The following targets have been
                                                                                                                          set and are monitored by the
                                                                                                                          Sustainability Committee. Since
                                                                                                                          FY24 they also form a part of
                                                                                                                          the LTI (long term incentive)




For personal use only
                                                                                                                          targets for management (see the
                                                                                                                          Remuneration report pages 33 to
                                                                                                                          34 for more detail).

                         Key Areas             Metric                    Target                        FY24 Status
                         Scope 1 & Scope       MT CO2 eq.                Net Zero in FY25.             On track
                         2 emissions                                                                   1,116 MT CO2 eq. emitted in FY24. With good
                                                                                                       progress in solar, energy efficient lighting and green
                                                                                                       energy, and an offsetting strategy, we are confident of
                                                                                                       reaching net zero in FY25.
                                                                                                       Refer to page 22 above for more detail.
                         Scope 3 emissions     MT CO2 eq.                Robust auditable              On track
                                                                         Scope 3 measurement           62.5% of products sold in FY24 modelled using
                                                                         methodology in place          LCAE. Scope 3 product emissions estimated and
                                                                         allowing ASRS compliance      reported as 1,352,563.74 MT CO2 eq. including
                                                                         and fact- based               biogenic carbon for FY24.
                                                                         prioritisation of reduction
                                                                         initiatives.                  Expansion of methodology to cover all 15 GHCP
                                                                                                       Scope 3 categories underway to allow empirically
                                                                                                       based reduction targets to be set in future periods.
                                                                                                       Refer to pages 22 to 23 above for more detail.
                         Energy Efficiency     % of espresso             75% of espresso               On track
                                               machines using            machines sold in 2028,        In FY24 68% was achieved and 100% of machines
                                               ThermoJet®                (and launched since 2020)     launched in FY24 utilised a ThermoJet®.
                                               or comparable             to utilise ThermoJet® or
                                               technology                comparable technology.
                         Packaging             % reusable, recyclable    100% by end of CY 2025.       On track
                                               or compostable.                                         Sustainable Brown box initiative has been launched.
                                                                                                       Roll out globally should deliver target by end of CY
                                                                                                       2025.
                         Waste Generation      % waste produced          65% to be recycled by         On track
                                               that is recycled.         2026.                         49% recycled in FY24.


                        2. Ethical sourcing – human rights and modern slavery
                                                                                             compliance with the protection of human rights and all local
                        Ethical procurement
                                                                                             and international labour and employment laws, and generally
                        The Group conducts its business in a socially responsible            ensuring a safe and fair work environment.
                        manner. This includes upholding consistently high ethical            All our suppliers are required to sign and are held accountable
                        standards in our procurement decisions and processes. The            to adhere to this policy. Ensuring compliance with the policy,
                        consumer facing nature of BRG, and the importance of this            and the highest ethical standards, is the responsibility of
                        issue to our stakeholders ensures that this is a key focus issue     our Chief Operating Officer, who also manages the overall
                        within our operations.                                               commercial relationship with suppliers, supported by our
                        Our Ethical Sourcing Policy sets out our requirements for            General Manager Quality who has frequent interaction with the
                        our manufacturing partners and sub-contractors including             suppliers via their QA team and procedures.


                                                                                                                        Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 25
                        Directors’ report continued
                        Operating and financial review continued                            annum to review operational plans and, critically, our quality
                                                                                            assurance teams make plant visits on a weekly basis to quality
                        ESG report continued                                                assess and release production batches.
                        2. Ethical sourcing – human rights and modern slavery               These visits are both frequent, and at times, unscheduled.
                        continued                                                           We have consulted with IAST (Investors Against Slavery and
                                                                                            Trafficking) and are seeking guidance on a simple awareness
                        Human rights and modern slavery                                     list to increase the effectiveness of these visits in identifying
                                                                                            potential human rights issues, even if that is not the primary
                        BRG respects and upholds the Universal Declaration of Human         purpose of the visits.
                        Rights through its sound business activities. Our suppliers,
                                                                                            To support our regular internal observations, BRG commissions
                        bound by our Ethical Sourcing Policy, are required to do likewise
                                                                                            SMETA Audits (Sedex Member Ethical Trade Audits) conducted
                        to partner with us. This includes upholding the following human
                                                                                            by AACs (Affiliate Audit Companies) which comprehensively
                        rights in their operations:
                                                                                            cover four pillars: labour standards, health and safety, the
                        •   Freedom from discrimination                                     environment and business ethics.
                        •   Freedom from slavery or servitude                               In FY24, 21 audits were completed, and we increased our
                        •   Freedom of movement                                             target to ensure that audits cover suppliers that contribute at
                                                                                            least 75% of BRG’s total order volume. We will always cover
                        •   Freedom of expression




For personal use only
                                                                                            our biggest suppliers annually and seek to cover the majority
                        •   Freedom of thought                                              of smaller suppliers on a rotational basis. These audits will
                                                                                            comprise both those commissioned by the Group, along with
                        The Group’s Code of Conduct for employees is predicated on
                                                                                            those available to us on the Sedex platform as part of our
                        the same principles. BRG is bound by the requirements of the
                                                                                            ongoing membership.
                        Australian Modern Slavery Act 2018 (Cth), the United Kingdom’s
                        Modern Slavery Act (2015), the California Transparency in           Detailed audit reports and findings from the SMETA audits
                        Supply Chain Act 2010 and Canada’s Fighting Against Forced          are received and reviewed by our General Manager Quality
                        Labour and Child Labour in Supply Chains Act. Our Modern            and COO. The severity of any non-compliance, and hence
                        Slavery Act Statement is published on our website (https://         rating of the vendor, is reviewed, and any that do not meet our
                        brevillegroup.com/corporate-governance/) and the Australian         internal ‘baseline’ standard are placed into a ‘below standard’
                        government platform. The actions we are taking to identify          category and are actively monitored until the non-compliance
                        and address modern slavery and human trafficking risks in our       is addressed, normally within three months. Issues are resolved
                        operations and supply chains corroborates our commitment to         through direct engagement with the manufacturing partner
                        our Ethical Sourcing Policy.                                        and remediation is monitored by the General Manager Quality
                                                                                            until satisfactorily remediated. A zero-tolerance matter such as
                        The nature of our manufacturing, requiring high end, well
                                                                                            modern slavery would result in us severing the relationship. As
                        trained and skilled assembly, rather than low skilled transitory
                                                                                            a matter of policy, BRG, and its supplier base, do not source
                        labour, reduces the likelihood of any zero tolerance violations
                                                                                            products or components from the Xinjiang region.
                        such as forced or child labour issues. There is, however, no
                        complacency on this risk. Our frequent onsite visits provide        FY24 SMETA Audit Scorecard
                        visible reassurance that standards are being applied in practice,
                        which we then systematically confirm through independent                                                        FY24          FY23
                        audits conducted by SMETA.                                           Audits Completed                           21            12
                        The Group’s products are largely manufactured in the Shenzhen        Zero Tolerance                             0             0
                        area of southern China with long-term manufacturing partners,        Critical Issues                            12            9
                        many of whom we have partnered with for well over 20 years.
                                                                                             Other Issues                               96            182
                        Our long-term relationships with our partners are collaborative
                        in terms of bringing innovation projects to commercialisation.       Total Issues Raised                        108           191
                        This fosters a close understanding of each other's businesses.      We are working closely with our suppliers to address any
                        We represent a significant part of several of our manufacturing     remaining non-compliances found in the FY24 audits and
                        partners’ businesses, giving us influence over adherence to         especially critical issues that typically centre around the level of
                        expected standards.                                                 overtime worked by some employees in the supplier plants.
                        We aim to give our suppliers reasonable advanced visibility         All finished goods we are selling under Breville|Sage brands in
                        of future volumes and pricing to avoid the types of business        the European Union, UK, and South Korea also comply with
                        pressures that may encourage unethical behaviour. Our portal        European RoHS legislation banning substances of concern.
                        allows suppliers to view future purchase orders by SKU for a        Furthermore, the Group ensures all parts and materials meet
                        rolling one-year period, enabling our suppliers to have adequate    the food contact safety / REACH requirements.
                        lead time to scale production up and down, including the
                        scheduling of labour. In addition, fair pricing is continuously     3. Product Quality and Safety including Product Recall
                        monitored throughout the fiscal year by measuring currency,
                                                                                            BRG’s reputation with consumers for innovative, high quality
                        commodities, and capacity utilisation.
                                                                                            and safe products underpins our sustainable growth.
                        We regularly visit our partners’ plants and obtain direct
                                                                                            To protect this hard-earned reputation, BRG adheres to rigorous
                        reassurance of how the plants are run. Our engineering teams
                                                                                            quality standards during design and production and has clear
                        make frequent visits to the plants during the commercialisation
                                                                                            consumer focused protocols for product recalls.
                        phase on innovation projects. Our Chief Operating Officer and
                        operations teams normally make plant visits 3-4 times per




               26 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Operating and financial review continued                              4. Community relations

                        ESG report continued                                                  4.1 Community engagement
                        3. Product Quality and Safety including Product                       BRG recognises that the health and wellbeing of the
                        Recall continued                                                      communities we serve is directly linked to ongoing success of
                                                                                              our business. In FY24, we partnered with several not-for-profit
                        BRG has a comprehensive quality regime to ensure that its
                                                                                              organisations on a range of initiatives including:
                        products are safe and compliant with all labelling requirements.
                        In addition to fulfilling all compliance and regulatory standards     •   STEPtember – in support of the Cerebral Palsy Alliance,189
                        on product safety in our various markets, we implement                    employees undertook 45,399,236 steps and raised over
                        additional safety requirements that exceed our legislative                $11,000.
                        obligations. Rigorous safety standards are a critical marker of       •   Reconciliation Week – CEO of Reconciliation NSW, Tristan
                        our approach to product development.                                      Tipps-Webster, led an insightful discussion at our head
                        In approving all new products, we use the European Union’s                office.
                        Rapid Exchange of Information System (RAPEX) analysis                 •   Clean Up Australia Day – employees volunteered their time
                        to estimate severity of harm and the related probability                  to clean up the corporate park where our head office is
                        of occurrence of harm for any failure point of a product.                 located.
                        This allows us to better understand the impact of potential




For personal use only
                        product failures on our customer base and how to rectify /            •   Oz Harvest Food Drive – BRG held a second annual Oz
                        design these out of the product before they occur. BRG also               Harvest food drive helping people in need in our local
                        maintains a rigorous Quality Assurance and Control program                community.
                        for our products that includes Pre-Shipment Inspection (PSI)          •   Volunteer Day Policy – employees are encouraged to spend
                        of products before they leave the factory, as well as System              one day per year to support local charities of their choice.
                        and Process audits. A zero-tolerance approach to quality and
                                                                                              BRG refrains from making any political donations and any
                        safety within the Quality Assurance and Control programs gives
                                                                                              engagement with its communities explicitly excludes those
                        us a high degree of confidence that the products shipped and
                                                                                              affiliated to any political cause.
                        sold to customers are free from safety-related defects. Our
                        quality team is in our partners’ factories daily qualifying the       4.2 Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP)
                        manufacturing processes and products before shipment.
                                                                                              In FY24 we continued our efforts on reconciliation and
                        Our General Manager Quality also monitors all returns and             engagement with the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander
                        warranty claims, as well as any specific customer complaints,         communities within Australia via our RAP, and the continued
                        to identify and rectify any quality issues and identify any trends    roll out of the Aboriginal Culinary Journey (ACJ) collection
                        in quality. These are reported to the CEO and CFO monthly or          across the globe. Our charity partners, who receive 100% of
                        immediately in the case of a serious issue.                           our profits from the sale of this range, include the National
                        Customer safety is a non-negotiable core responsibility of            Indigenous Culinary Institute, the 'Indi-Kindi Program' by the
                                                                                              Moriarty Foundation and University of Technology Sydney
                        the Group.
                                                                                              (UTS) where we fund three scholarships, creating pathways for
                        For any alleged or actual injury to a consumer sustained through      employment of Aboriginal Australians and Torres Strait Islanders
                        using one of our products, we follow the ACCC guidelines (or          in engineering, technology, and design. We are also committed
                        relevant regulatory framework in the affected market). If our         to providing internship positions within BRG to support the
                        customer care team receives a claim that a product has caused         students’ transition from study to work.
                        an injury requiring third party medical treatment, we lodge it with
                                                                                              Our progress is guided by an Advisory Council of elders
                        regulators within two days of notification. If later investigations
                                                                                              and community stakeholders that provides the Breville RAP
                        show that treatment did not result from product failure, we
                                                                                              Working Group with advice and information on equity issues
                        contact the regulator, and the report is rescinded.
                                                                                              facing Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander communities. More
                        Product failures caused by the manufacturing process or               information on these initiatives, and our Reconciliation Action
                        components are treated on a case-by-case basis. If a pattern          Plan, can be found on the Breville Group Corporate website
                        is identified, we contact the regulator that issued the approval      https://brevillegroup.com/corporate-governance/
                        certificate to discuss the matter where appropriate.
                                                                                              5. Employee wellbeing
                        Product recall
                                                                                              BRG promotes a safe, inclusive and healthy working
                        If potential for harm, arising from a BRG product, is                 environment for all employees, which we believe is core to our
                        identified, then a recall protocol may be triggered and recall        growth and sustainability as an organisation.
                        procedures appropriate in each territory are started. These
                        are accompanied by a vigorous all channel consumer                    5.1 Diversity and inclusion (D&I)
                        communications approach.                                              BRG’s approach to D&I is informed by its Diversity and Inclusion
                        The last product recall was on 7 November 2016.                       policy published on our corporate website in the corporate
                                                                                              governance section of the Company’s website: https://
                        All historic product recalls remain online on key websites and
                                                                                              brevillegroup.com/corporate-governance/
                        can be viewed at:
                        •   https://kambrook.com.au/pages/recall
                        •   https://www.breville.com/au/en/support/Recall.html
                        •   https://www.productsafety.gov.au/recalls




                                                                                                                        Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 27
                        Directors’ report continued
                        Operating and financial review continued
                        ESG report continued
                        5.1 Diversity and inclusion (D&I) continued
                        BRG believes that diversity includes differences in perspectives,
                        thoughts, interests, and ideas; and that inclusion means
                        ensuring that all employees are valued, heard, recognised,
                        engaged, and involved at work, and have opportunities to
                        collaborate, contribute, and grow professionally in line with
                        our business objectives. BRG works towards gender balance
                        through:
                        •   representation of women on the Board;
                        •   representation of women in Senior Executive roles including
                                                                                             * recordable injuries per million hours worked
                            succession planning;
                                                                                             In FY24, BRG employees worked 2,007,367 hours with 3
                        •   issuance of the BRG equal opportunity statement to
                                                                                             recordable injuries, one of which was a lost time accident. The
                            recruiting agencies;
                                                                                             Board receives monthly updates on key incidents and initiatives




For personal use only
                        •   explicit requirement of recruiting agencies to provide a         as well as safety KPIs.
                            gender balance in shortlisted candidates for interview; and
                                                                                             BRG has an internal health and wellbeing program, branded
                        •   flexible working arrangements where operationally                ‘Nourish’, with FY24 initiatives including the following:
                            appropriate.
                                                                                             •   RUOK? Day – presentation from Craig Hamilton, author and
                        BRG complies with the (Australian) Workplace Gender Equality             campaigner for mental health;
                        Act, which requires the submission of an annual report on
                                                                                             •   BRG Day – a day off for all employees globally, to spend
                        gender diversity practices and metrics. We do not tolerate any
                                                                                                 time with their friends and family free from work interruption;
                        form of discrimination across our diverse employee community.
                                                                                             •   Mental Health First Aiders – mental health first aid training
                        Globally in FY24, our Board was 33% female (or 37.5% of
                                                                                                 delivered through mental Health First Aid Australia;
                        NEDs), the percentage across the whole organisation was 46%,
                        with managerial roles at 36% percent and senior executive roles      •   Flu Vaccinations – on site free influenza vaccinations for
                        at 34%.                                                                  employees;
                        Our Diversity and Inclusion program provides continual               •   Response for Life – two training sessions for employees
                        recognition and educational activities including:                        addressing both general first aid and CPR; and
                        •   International Women’s Day – with guest speaker Mary              •   Employee Assistance Program (EAP) – all global employees
                            Mauro (CEO of Sevengrams);                                           and their families now have access to EAP services.
                        •   Diwali, Eid and Lunar New Year - office celebrations and         To promote work-life balance, BRG offers:
                            education opportunities;                                         •   Flexible Work Policy – allowing greater choice around work
                        •   Men's Health Week – personality Steve Willis delivered a             locations and hours and part time employment;
                            talk on the importance physical and mental health; and           •   Technology – allowing greater flexibility of work locations,
                        •   Nova Employment Services – BRG partners with Nova to                 supporting work efficiency without compromising personal
                            help people living with a disability find employment.                time;
                        Whilst we do not maintain specific quotas for individual facets      •   Paid Parental Leave – 12 week paid parental leave in
                        of diversity, we continue to apply principles of equity and social       countries where this is not already provided by the state;
                        justice to achieve equal employment opportunities for talented           and
                        individuals of all backgrounds and cultures. We celebrate            •   Summertime Hours – allowing extended hours during the
                        achievements and we endeavour to promote continued                       week and an earlier finish on a Friday.
                        improvement. Our approach to Board diversity is noted in
                        Section 6.1.                                                         6. Corporate Governance
                        5.2 Health, safety and wellbeing                                     BRG is committed to high standards of corporate governance
                                                                                             and delivers this through culture, demonstrated behaviours,
                        Ensuring a healthy and safe workplace is critical to our ongoing     effective risk management systems and policy.
                        success as a growing business, and we strive for continuous
                        improvement and consistency in our wellbeing and safety              The Company’s governance framework is supported by its
                        practices. A Group Health, Safety and Environment (HSE)              constitution, Board and committee charters and a suite of
                        Advisor oversees our global HSE systems, procedures, and             group governance policies, statements and guidelines which are
                        compliance. The Workplace Health and Safety Committee                available in the corporate governance section of the Company’s
                        (WHSC) is accountable for the Group’s health and safety              website https://brevillegroup.com/ and are listed in full in the
                        standards, rules, and procedures.                                    Company’s Corporate Governance Statement on page 52.
                                                                                             All documents within the Group governance framework are
                                                                                             reviewed and refreshed periodically having regard to legal and
                                                                                             regulatory requirements, the Company’s operating environment
                                                                                             and best practice governance standards.




               28 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Operating and financial review continued                                7.1 Anti-bribery and corruption, and whistleblowing

                        ESG report continued                                                    The high standards of ethical behaviour expected across the
                                                                                                Group are laid out in the Code of Conduct https://brevillegroup.
                        6.1 Board independence and diversity                                    com/corporate-governance/
                        BRG maintains a majority independent Board and is steadily              Bribery and corruption is a ‘zero tolerance’ issue and
                        evolving its composition to benefit from diversity in all its forms.    unacceptable under all circumstances. The Anti-bribery and
                                                                                                Corruption Policy and Code of Conduct prohibits all personnel
                        The percentage of women on the Board was 33%, or 37.5%
                                                                                                from engaging in any activity that constitutes bribery or
                        of NEDs. For an outline of the relevant skills, experience and
                                                                                                corruption or involves improper inducements or payments.
                        expertise held by each director in office at the time of writing,
                                                                                                To ensure that these values and the Policy are properly adhered
                        please refer to pages 12 to 13 of the Directors report.
                                                                                                to, the Group has appointed an Anti- Bribery Compliance
                        The Board regularly assesses the independence of each of                Officer who is responsible for monitoring the application of this
                        its Non-Executive Directors in accordance with its ‘Criteria for        Policy.
                        Assessing Independence of Directors’. Timothy Antonie, the
                                                                                                In addition, the Company has a Group Whistleblower Protection
                        Chair of the Board, and Sally Herman, are not independent
                                                                                                Policy, which seeks to ensure the safety and appropriate
                        due to their affiliation with a major shareholder. Lawrence
                                                                                                protection from recrimination of any employee reporting a
                        Myers, Deputy Chair, is the Lead Independent Director. The
                                                                                                breach of the abovementioned corporate conduct policies.
                        members of the PPRNC and the ARC are all considered to be




For personal use only
                        independent.                                                            7.2 Cyber security and data privacy
                        More detailed information regarding the Board’s structure and           Cyber security and data privacy are ongoing challenges.
                        composition, including Director independence, is included on            Cyber-crime-for-profit appears to escalate every year.
                        pages 52 to 55 in the Corporate Governance Statement.
                                                                                                In response our Technology Services (TS) team continues to
                        6.2 Sustainability governance and reporting                             work to strengthen our cybersecurity and privacy programs
                                                                                                globally, including alignment with the NIST Cybersecurity
                        The Board has ultimate responsibility and oversight of
                                                                                                and Privacy frameworks. We have established cross-country
                        the Company’s sustainability strategy. It discharges this
                                                                                                governance bodies for both Cybersecurity and Privacy to
                        responsibility with the support of the Sustainability Committee,
                                                                                                support and guide the technical services team in this challenge.
                        the ARC and the PPRNC, to which it has delegated certain ESG
                        responsibilities.                                                       All BRG staff are required to complete an annual cybersecurity
                                                                                                awareness training with specific security training for our
                        The Sustainability Committee is responsible for overseeing
                                                                                                software development teams globally. The TS team continue to
                        and monitoring the development and implementation of the
                                                                                                test overall security awareness via planned phishing campaigns
                        Company’s sustainability strategy, policies, initiatives and
                                                                                                identifying weaknesses and opportunities for further training.
                        climate related disclosures. The Committee is chaired by Peter
                        Cowan. An executive sustainability team, led by the General             In FY24 we completed several rounds of penetration testing,
                        Manager Sustainability, supports the Sustainability Committee           vulnerability assessments, PCI audits and external reviews of
                        and is accountable for initiative prioritisation, funding, monitoring   some of our key environments to assess their ongoing security
                        legislative and regulatory developments and coordinating                readiness. Our ransomware response playbook was updated
                        initiatives led by the various functional teams including Design        following a ransomware cyber simulation exercise with the
                        and Engineering. A sustainability tracker covering progress on          Board and senior executives.
                        key initiatives and metrics is reviewed at each Sustainability          With respect to personal data, our privacy platform (OneTrust) is
                        Committee meeting.                                                      used to map data relationships across our systems and to meet
                        The Audit and Risk Committee includes climate risk as an                the ongoing compliance obligations around the world. This
                        enterprise level risk as well as amplifier for several other material   platform allows us to track and respond to privacy queries from
                        business risks in its enterprise-wide risk mapping and mitigation       consumers and partners and act accordingly.
                        process. The risks, opportunities and mitigants identified              Cyber security and data security remain areas of ongoing threat
                        against the two key climate scenarios (detailed on pages 19 to          and continual vigilance.
                        21) directly inform this enterprise level risk assessment.
                        The PPRNC in turn has oversight on HSE, diversity and                   7.3 Policy availability
                        inclusion, and community related topics.                                All Group policies, including those referred to in this ESG
                        All three Board Committees receive regular briefings and                Report, are publicly available in the corporate governance
                        updates by the executive sustainability team and functional             section of the company’s website (www.brevillegroup.com) and
                        leads. The Committee Chairs report to the full Board on                 listed on page 52 in the Company’s Corporate Governance
                        material matters addressed after each meeting with all Directors        Statement.
                        receiving the minutes of Committee meetings.

                        7. Corporate Behaviour
                        The BRG Board encourages a positive corporate culture
                        across the Group valuing honesty, openness and integrity.
                        This is reinforced through visible leadership, policies, and a
                        demonstrated risk appetite including zero tolerance issues.
                        The Company’s published values are represented in the
                        acronym, CREATE which can be seen in the “About” section of
                        the corporate website https://brevillegroup.com/our-values/



                                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 29
                        Directors’ report continued
                        Operating and financial review continued                           Annual general meeting (AGM) and Director
                                                                                           nominations
                        Risk management
                                                                                           The Group currently plans to hold its Annual General Meeting
                        The company’s risk management approach is discussed in the         (AGM) in person on 7 November 2024.
                        Corporate Governance Statement on page 56 to 57.                   In accordance with the Company’s constitution and ASX
                                                                                           requirements, the closing date for the receipt of Director
                        Dividends                                                          nominations from persons wishing to be considered for election
                                                                                           is 18 September 2024 (at least 35 business days prior to the
                        The following dividends have been paid, declared, or               AGM).
                        recommended since the end of the preceding year.                   Should the nomination of a person for election be made by a
                                                                                           Director, the closing date for the receipt of nomination is
                                                                  Cents per                23 October 2024 (10 business days prior to the AGM).
                                                             ordinary share        $’000

                        Final FY24 dividend                                                Directors’ interests
                        declared:                                        17.0    24,383




For personal use only
                                                                                           As at the date of this report, the interests of the Directors in the
                                                                                           shares or other instruments of Breville Group Limited were:
                        Dividends paid in the year:
                        Interim FY24 dividend paid                       16.0    22,949                                          Ordinary           Unvested
                                                                                                                                  shares              Rights
                        Final FY23 dividend paid                         15.5    22,231
                                                                                           T. Antonie                               43,791                    -
                                                                                           L. Myers                                163,000                    -
                        Significant changes in the state of affairs
                                                                                           T. Baxter                                  3,562              3,294
                        There were no significant changes in the state of affairs of the   J. Clayton                              277,903            492,961
                        consolidated entity that occurred during the year that have not
                        otherwise been disclosed in this report or the consolidated        P. Cowan                                 11,055                    -
                        financial statements.                                              S. Herman                                49,265               1,364
                                                                                           D. Howell                               100,000                    -
                                                                                           T. Rytilä                                 8,000                    -
                                                                                           K. Wright                                21,859                    -




               30 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Remuneration report (audited)
                        The Directors are pleased to present the Group’s Remuneration Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2024, which has been
                        prepared in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 and has been audited by PwC as required by section
                        308(3c) of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        1. Remuneration Framework
                        BRG is one of a small number of ASX 200 listed companies that derives the majority of its revenue overseas. In FY24, 84% of BRG’s
                        revenues were generated overseas. This percentage has increased significantly over the last nine years, and the Directors expect this
                        trend to continue given the significant international expansion opportunities in existing, and new, geographies. The Americas is by far
                        BRG’s largest market with 56% of total sales in FY24. As at 30 June 2024, 60% of Breville’s employees were based overseas. This is
                        again expected to increase as new market entries are pursued.
                                                                                                    To ensure sustainable growth over the medium to long
                                                                                                    term BRG must continue to attract high performing
                                                                                                    leaders in major international markets including the United
                                                                                                    States. The United States remuneration market practices
                                                                                                    place a greater emphasis on at risk opportunities than




For personal use only
                                                                                                    in Australia and make use of longer-term rewards with
                                                                                                    significant equity grants commonly used for talent
                                                                                                    attraction and retention.
                                                                                                    The People, Performance, Remuneration and
                                                                                                    Nominations Committee (PPRNC) reviews and
                                                                                                    recommends Executive and employee remuneration
                                                                                                    arrangements each year to the Board. Our remuneration
                                                                                                    framework is designed to support the achievement of
                                                                                                    strategic goals and sustained growth in shareholder value
                                                                                                    following our overall philosophy of linking remuneration
                                                                                                    to performance. To be globally competitive, and effective
                                                                                                    in retaining and motivating our leadership group and
                                                                                                    employees in each major market, we also need to be
                                   * Australia includes global R&D facility and headquarters        locally competitive. From time to time the committee may
                                                                                                    engage external remuneration consultants to assist with
                                                                                                    their review.
                        Key principles that guide the remuneration framework include:
                        Fair and competitive Provide appropriate reward and package structures to attract and retain high calibre employees for an
                                             international and growing business. Market benchmarks are used, and include domestic and international
                                             peers, depending on the role being evaluated.
                        Simple                    Clear, visible, and calculable reward linked to sustained company performance and shareholder value
                                                  creation. Wherever possible Executives will be aware of the status of their incentive achievement mid-
                                                  period.
                        Aligned to strategy       Reward linked to achievement of strategic goals and sustainable performance of the company.
                        Shareholder aligned       Reward explicitly linked to short and long-term shareholder value creation.
                        Sustained delivery        Reward balanced to optimise long, medium, and short-term performance.
                        In implementing its remuneration framework and ensuring proper oversight, the committee:
                        •   sets compensation to motivate and retain a high performing global team in line with shareholder interests;
                        •   has regard to the remuneration structures within the geographic regions in which it is competing for talent;
                        •   encourages an increasing level of Executive shareholdings, in excess of minimum shareholding guidelines;
                        •   aligns interest of shareholders and Executives via increasing use of share-based payments;
                        •   retrospectively discloses all performance hurdles and calculation of award and payments made to ensure transparency;
                        •   encourages increased variability of pay linked to short and long-term performance;
                        •   rewards sustained long-term performance; not just single year peak performance;
                        •   utilises measurable and shareholder relevant targets; and
                        •   retains Board discretion over the level of any award.
                        In establishing the remuneration arrangements each year, the Board and PPRNC specifically reviews the proportion of the fixed
                        compensation and variable at-risk compensation (potential short-term and long-term incentives) and the percentage of share-
                        based payments that the Executives are receiving.
                        The Board aims to steadily increase variable at-risk remuneration, and especially share-based and longer-term performance-
                        related remuneration.



                                                                                                                         Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 31
                        Directors’ report continued
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        2. Linking pay to performance
                        The Group’s remuneration principles and framework aims to align Executive remuneration to the Group’s strategic and business
                        objectives, sustained business performance and the creation of sustainable shareholder value.
                        The key measures that are used in Executive KMP incentive plans are measurable, verifiable, and well aligned to shareholder value
                        creation.
                        •   Group Revenue - A measure of the Group’s success at growing the scale and scope of our operations. An auditable IFRS
                            measure of marketplace success.
                        •   EBIT - Earnings before interest and tax is a well-recognised measure of the Group’s performance and ability to generate cash
                            to fund growth and distribute dividends. It is well defined and measurable. EBIT is preferred to EBITDA given the strategic
                            importance of investment in new product development and associated amortisation costs.
                        •   PBT – Profit before tax is EBIT after accounting for the financing costs of the business and is also a well-recognised measure of
                            the Group’s performance and ability to generate cash to fund growth and distribute dividends. It is well defined and measurable,
                            and in a period where the Group has a level of debt, it is an alternative to EBIT.
                        •   TSR - Total Shareholder Return is a measure of share price appreciation, and dividends paid, expressed as a % of the opening




For personal use only
                            share price. The Group measures both its own absolute TSR and its relative TSR, which compares the Company against a
                            defined group of peers.
                        •   Strategic Priorities. Objective measurement of the Group’s success against Board approved pre-determined strategic priorities to
                            generate long term sustainable growth.
                        Table 1 below shows the Group’s revenue, profit, share price and TSR performance over the last 5 years.
                        Over these 5 years revenue has doubled, EBIT has grown by 13.8% compound annual growth rate (CAGR) per annum and $1.7bn
                        has been added to market capitalisation as the share price has grown by 66% or 10.7% CAGR per annum.
                        STI has varied year by year with short term performance, but LTI has consistently been earned at high levels, showing a strong
                        alignment between Executive reward and these strong long-term share price gains and shareholder returns.

                        Table 1: Five Year Group Performance ($m)

                                                                             30 June       30 June       30 June       30 June       30 June      30 June
                        Year ended                                              2019          2020          2021          2022          2023         2024
                        Group Revenue                                           760.0         952.2       1,187.7       1,418.4      1,478.6       1,530.0
                        Revenue Growth                                         17.5%         25.3%         24.7%         19.4%          4.2%          3.5%
                        Revenue CAGR (5 Year)                                                                                                       15.0%
                        Group EBIT                                               97.3          97.7         136.4        156.4         172.0         185.7
                        EBIT Growth                                            12.0%          0.4%         39.6%         14.6%         10.0%          8.0%
                        EBIT Growth CAGR (5 Year)                                                                                                   13.8%
                        NPAT                                                     67.4          63.9          91.0        105.7         110.2          118.5
                        Earnings per share (cents)                               51.8          48.8          65.8          75.9          77.2          82.7
                        EPS Growth                                             15.2%         (5.8)%        34.8%         15.4%          1.7%          7.1%
                        EPS Growth CAGR (5 Year)                                                                                                      9.8%
                        Total dividends per share (cents)                        37.0          41.0          26.5          30.0          30.5          33.0
                        Share price at 30 June ($)                              16.36         22.76         29.87        17.99         19.94          27.14
                        Share Price Change                                           -       39.3%         31.2%        (39.8)%        10.8%        36.1%
                        5 Year share price change CAGR                                                                                              10.7%
                        1 Year TSR                                                   -       41.5%         32.6%        (38.8)%        12.4%         37.7%
                        5 Year TSR                                                                                                                   77.7%
                        Average STI as % Maximum Opportunity                   76.0%            0%         100%          100%          58.2%         100%
                        Percentage of Executive LTI performance
                        rights that vested/will vest related to schemes
                        maturing in the year                                    100%         100%          100%          91.9%         92.5%         100%




               32 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        2. Linking pay to performance continued
                        FY24 Incentive Outcomes
                        STI award: 100%
                        STI for FY24 will be awarded at 100% of potential (pcp 58.2%). Under the Group scheme, STI is only funded after the target EBIT
                        has been delivered in full. The design of the scheme ensures that shareholders are rewarded first. In FY24 target EBIT was set at
                        $185m representing 7.5% growth over the pcp. This was in line with the top end of guidance given in February 2024. A pre-STI EBIT
                        of $205.7m was achieved, or $185.7m post a potential 100% STI award of $20m. 20% of the award was also subject to a second
                        hurdle of delivering inventory reduction targets (reducing inventory to below $365m). With actual inventory finishing at $333m this
                        hurdle was met and thus STI was awarded at 100%.

                        LTI vesting: 100%
                        A single tranche of LTI performance rights (FY22) were tested at 30 June 2024 and will vest at 100% in August 2024:
                        The targets for this tranche of rights were set in July 2021, when in response to the continuing uncertainty over relative asset values
                        during the Covid pandemic the Board moved LTI targets for the FY22 and FY23 LTI grants to internal performance measures.




For personal use only
                        Targets set for this tranche (FY22) were a max and min revenue growth target and an EBIT gate of 10% growth per annum for
                        3 years (equivalent to FY24 EBIT of $181.6m) to ensure that the quality of revenue growth was maintained. Revenue growth targets
                        were set in July 2021 with the real possibility of a boom-and-bust Covid revenue cycle, so they were calibrated over a 5-year period
                        from the pre-Covid year of FY19. 100% vesting was to be awarded for a 13% 5-year revenue CAGR and 50% for an 11% 5-year
                        revenue CAGR, with zero% to be awarded for lower than this minimum 11%.
                        •     FY24 EBIT of $185.7m represented a 3-year CAGR EBIT growth of 10.8% so the EBIT gate was met
                        •     Revenue of $1,530.0m achieved in FY24 represented a 15% 5-year CAGR over FY19 so a 100% vesting was earned
                        Across the three-year period, a strong year of revenue growth in FY22 was followed by two slower, but positive years, with many
                        peers seeing declining sales as consumers demand for small kitchen appliances retreated in the post Covid environment. In this
                        decelerating sales environment, the EBIT growth gate proved challenging, with many of the Group’s peers reporting EBIT declines
                        as sales slowed. BRG managed Gross Margin and expenses well to continue growing EBIT across both the up, and down, of the
                        revenue cycle.

                        FY25 Incentive targets
                        STI FY25
                        •     FY25 STI award will be 100% based on achievement of a pre-STI EBIT target with any STI funded from over achievement
                              of this target.
                        EBIT targets have been set with reference to the budget for FY25 for the Group. Given the commercial sensitivity of the STI EBIT
                        target, consistent with past practice, it will be fully disclosed on measurement, and testing, in the FY25 Remuneration report.

                        LTI FY25
                        •     In line with the prior year, the LTI scheme will use the Board’s preferred LTI measure of relative TSR, combined with two other
                              targets, to capture business performance and delivery of the Group’s strategic priorities.
                        The vesting of FY25 LTI performance rights will be assessed in June 2027 based on three separate criteria:
                        i.    50% of rights will vest based on relative TSR performance and the achievement of an absolute positive TSR gateway. Half of
                              the rights will vest if the Group TSR is in the top 50% of the peer group, and all of the rights will vest if Group TSR is in the top
                              quartile of the peer group, with a straight-line pro rata between these points. The peer group will comprise 108 listed companies
                              made up of the ASX200 less miners and banks (103 companies) plus 5 international competitors in the kitchen appliance sector.
                        ii.   30% of performance rights will vest based on achievement of 3-year business performance targets with the unifying measure of
                              PBT (profit before tax) chosen as the best measure of performance over a 3-year period. 50% of this tranche will vest based on
                              achieving a minimum PBT target, 100% for reaching a maximum target with a straight-line interpolation between these points.
                              The minimum target will represent reasonable growth over FY24, and the maximum target will represent the Board’s view of
                              good growth, judged against the current and expected economic backdrop. The targets will be amended for any significant
                              impact arising from a change in accounting standards or acquisitions during the measurement period. For reasons of commercial
                              confidentiality, the PBT targets will be disclosed in arrears in the FY27 Remuneration Report. The Board has a track record of
                              setting stretch profit targets as part of the Group’s financial plan.
                        iii. 20% of rights will vest based on the level of progress against key strategic priorities as judged by the Board. Zero rights will vest
                             for limited progress, 20% for good progress and a sliding scale between these two. Evaluation of the progress achieved will be
                             based on both quantitative and qualitative measures in the following strategic priority areas:
                              a. Sustained investment in the growth drivers of the business measured as an increasing percentage of revenue invested in
                                 New Product Development, Go-to-Market, Technology Services and Solutions over the three-year period from a base of
                                 14.0% in FY24;




                                                                                                                            Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 33
                        Directors’ report continued
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        FY25 Incentive targets continued
                             b. Progress with alternative sourcing to China measured as the volume of products sourced outside of China (e.g., Mexico,
                                Asia, Europe);
                             c. Continued geographic diversification measured as an increasing % revenue made outside of UK, USA, Canada, Australia and
                                New Zealand;
                             d. Acceleration of the solutions agenda largely measured in qualitative terms on the success of key initiatives launched; and
                             e. Progress on the Group’s sustainability agenda including reduction in the Group’s emissions footprint driven by:
                                  -   increasing the energy efficiency of products (measured as percentage of espresso machines using Thermojet® or similar
                                      technology with a mid-term target of 75% of post 2020 launched products by 2028);
                                  -   recyclability of packaging (measured as % of range using fully recyclable packaging);
                                  -   marked progress on repairability and recyclability of products; and
                                  -   Net Zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions from FY25 and a step reduction in measured Scope 3 emissions.
                        The use of these 3 criteria is intended to deliver a balanced view of business progress, with the largest weighting linked to TSR.




For personal use only
                        Measurement – The PPRNC is responsible for assessing performance against KPIs and recommending the STI and LTI to be
                        awarded each year to the Board. To assist in this assessment, the Committee receives detailed reports on performance from
                        management that are based on independently verifiable, and in most cases, audited data. An external specialist is always used
                        to calculate and report on actual and relative TSR performance for use in LTI evaluation. In the event of fraudulent or dishonest
                        misconduct, the Board reserves the right to deem any unvested rights to have lapsed.

                        3. FY25 CEO Remuneration Package
                        Jim Clayton joined Breville as CEO in July 2015 and joined the Board as Managing Director on 18th August 2021.
                        A review of the Group’s financial performance over this 9-year period (shown below) clearly underlines that Mr Clayton has proven
                        himself to be a transformative and high performing CEO who has delivered outstanding shareholder returns over a sustained period.
                        He leads an international group, based in Australia, and has emerged as a proven, international growth CEO. He continues to set,
                        and execute, a winning strategy for the Group against a range of significantly larger global competitors, delivering outstanding
                        shareholder returns.
                        Under Mr Clayton’s leadership BRG has delivered sustained, sector-leading performance. Over the 9 years since July 2015, BRG has
                        grown revenue by 12.6% CAGR pa and EBIT by 11.5% CAGR pa while increasing our investment in R&D, marketing, technology
                        and solutions from 9.3% of sales in FY15 to 14.0% in FY24. $3.1bn has been added to the Group’s market capitalisation with an
                        over 4-fold increase in share price. Revenue, Gross Profit and EBIT have all grown every single year since FY15.
                        These outstanding shareholder returns have been accompanied by an increased geographic diversification, with sales outside of
                        Australia increasing to 84% of Group in FY24 from 61% in FY15 as the revenue of the Group has trebled. The expansion of the
                        Americas and successful direct entry into Europe, Mexico and now South Korea has diversified the Group and has underpinned the
                        consistency of this business performance.

                        Financial Performance during CEO’s 9-year tenure#




                        #
                            Jim Clayton joined as CEO in July 2015, so this CAGR represents returns in his tenure
                        In August 2024 (effective 1 July 2024) the Board finalised a new employment agreement with Mr Clayton which was announced
                        via the ASX on 2 August 2024. This is the first change in Mr Clayton’s package for three years, with the last changes announced in
                        October 2021 being effective from 1 July 2021.




               34 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        3. FY25 CEO Remuneration Package continued
                        The new package was developed following an extensive external remuneration benchmarking exercise comparing BRG, and Mr
                        Clayton’s package, to three key peer groups:
                        •    55 companies in the ASX 80-140 (“ASX80-140”)
                        •    22 international focussed ASX30-200 companies (“ASX International”)
                        •    7 international Kitchen Appliance companies and 33 US based consumer companies (“International”)
                        Given the international, and US weighting of BRG, its growing international complexity, and its geographic expansion ambitions,
                        particular weight was given to the International group in designing an appropriate package.
                        Mr Clayton is a US citizen and conducts in person day-to-day business across our major international markets resulting in substantial
                        periods abroad, particularly in North America. Mr Clayton’s outstanding leadership over the last nine years has garnered increasing
                        attention from international observers, including US listed companies, seeking new leadership. In response, the Board has developed
                        a comprehensive package that not only recognises and rewards Mr Clayton’s exceptional performance but also strengthens retention
                        efforts, mitigating the risk of him being recruited by another international company.
                        The package was pegged in the bottom quartile of the International peer group, but still competitive enough to reward performance




For personal use only
                        and encourage retention. This International peer group comparison also resulted in a strategic emphasis on share-based payments,
                        including the use of long-term performance and retention (LTPR) rights to align pay and shareholder reward. Our analysis identified
                        the substantial use of such time-based retention rights by international companies, and the majority of US companies, as a key
                        component of long-term incentive awards.
                        As well as the performance during his 9-year tenure, the Board reviewed BRG’s performance in absolute and relative terms over
                        the three-year period since Mr Clayton’s package was last adjusted. To understand BRG’s relative performance the Board, with the
                        assistance of an investment bank, selected 3 groups of listed peer groups for comparison – key competitors, key customers and
                        high growth companies with substantial international sales.
                        In the three years to June 2024 Breville’s absolute performance was strong with revenue up 29%, EBIT up 36% and NPAT up 30%.
                        Despite the volatile global retail and economic environment, including trading through the Covid cycle, annual budget EBIT growth
                        targets were achieved in each year.
                        BRG outperformed all key competitors / appliance companies, none of whom grew sales and profit over the three-year period and
                        outperformed all but two companies in the wider comparator set.
                        This was achieved whilst continuing to invest in the medium-term growth drivers of the business: R&D, marketing and technology;
                        developing a solutions offensive; acquiring and integrating Lelit; and geographically expanding into France, Spain, Portugal, Italy,
                        Poland, Mexico, and South Korea thus further enhancing portfolio diversification.

                        3-Year Comparative Performance FY21-FY24




                        * Source: Publicly reported performance of listed companies compiled and compared by independent investment bank in August 2024.
                            • Key competitors - Listed international appliance companies (De’Longhi, Groupe SEB, Hamilton Beach, Whirlpool, Newell Brands, Traeger
                              and Electrolux)
                            • Key customers - Listed international and Australian retailers (Williams-Sonoma, Best Buy, JB Hi-Fi, Ceconomy, Harvey Norman, Currys,
                              and Myer)
                            • High growth international companies - (Yeti, TWE, Dominos, Cochlear, A2Milk, and ARB)




                                                                                                                                  Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 35
                        Directors’ report continued
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        3. FY25 CEO Remuneration Package continued
                        The Board believes that this benchmarked performance analysis further underlines the sustained shareholder value that Mr Clayton
                        has driven over his nine-year tenure.
                        The Board is pleased to have secured Mr Clayton’s ongoing leadership for the Group and considers the package appropriate reward
                        for the value Mr Clayton brings to the Group.
                        Key aspects of the revised package include:
                        •   An increase in annual fixed cash remuneration (including superannuation) from $1,700,000 to $1,850,000;
                        •   An increase in maximum STI opportunity from 100% to 112.5% of fixed cash remuneration;
                        •   Unchanged Fixed Deferred Remuneration with $850,000 of rights to be issued each year with a 5-year vesting period;
                        •   Unchanged maximum achievable LTI at 125% of cash base pay. Amount increases in line with cash base pay. LTI issued as
                            performance rights with a 3-year performance and vesting period; and
                        •   Long-term performance and retention (LTPR) rights: A one-off block of 200,000 LTPR rights, vesting into Breville shares on
                            31 August 2027, will be issued to Mr Clayton, subject to shareholder approval. Up to 100,000 rights will vest subject to




For personal use only
                            performance against a 3-year Profit Before Tax growth hurdle and completion of the 3-year service term, and 100,000 rights will
                            vest subject to completion of the service term.
                        In consideration for the above terms the Board achieved an increase in Mr Clayton’s notice period (under his previous employment
                        agreement it decreased to 6 months in October 2024) to 18-months until 28 Feb 2026, thereafter 12-months until 31 Aug 2027, and
                        six months thereafter. For reasons noted above, the extended notice periods were a priority of the Board in securing Mr Clayton’s
                        employment agreement over the medium term.
                        A 12-month non-compete restraint can also be activated at BRG’s discretion. If enforced, Mr Clayton is entitled to a payment of his
                        total fixed remuneration during the 12-month period following the cessation of his employment.
                        Mr Clayton’s total available package in FY24 was $6.375m in line with the package last agreed in October 2021. This increases to an
                        estimated $8.903m for FY25 onwards. Mr Clayton’s new package represents a significant re-weighting towards longer term share-
                        based payments which further aligns his remuneration with shareholder interests.




                        * Value of LTPR rights illustratively shown as number of rights multiplied by share price on 30 June 2024, then spread over three service years.
                          LTPR is classed as “at risk” because 50% is tied to PBT performance hurdle and 3-year service requirement and 50% is tied to 3-year service
                          requirement, but with no payment on resignation. If 50% were instead regarded as fixed base, the ratio of fixed to at risk would be 40%:60% The
                          FY24 statutory remuneration (shown in table 6 below) differs slightly from available remuneration, shown above, due to accounting for share based
                          payments under AASB 2 and inclusion of movement in leave balances.

                        Shareholder approval will be sought for Mr Clayton’s FY25 LTI, deferred remuneration and LTPR grants, as well as the payment of
                        potential termination benefits, at the Annual General Meeting to be held in November 2024.

                        4. FY24 KMP and NED remuneration
                        In FY24 the Director fees paid to the Group’s two overseas Directors was increased by $30,000 to A$175,000 per annum to remain
                        market competitive.
                        No change to other Executive KMP packages was made in FY24. It is planned to review other Executive packages including KMP
                        during FY25 for FY26 to ensure the retention of this high performing team.




               36 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        5. Key management personnel (KMP)
                        KMP are the persons with authority and responsibility for planning, directing, and controlling the activities of the Group and comprise
                        the Directors of the Group and the Executives listed below.
                        The Executives designated as KMP will be reviewed again in FY25 to ensure that they reflect those involved in guiding the total
                        operations of the increasingly international Group.
                        The Group CEO and Group CFO have Group wide responsibility for the performance and management of the Group and meet at
                        least 12 times a year to review overall progress against agreed plans.

                        Table 2: Key management personnel (KMP)

                        Name                               Position                                                                  Term as KMP
                        Non-Executive Directors
                        Timothy Antonie                    Non-Executive Chair                                                       Full Year
                        Lawrence Myers                     Non-Executive Deputy Chair / Lead Independent Director   (a),(d)
                                                                                                                                     Full Year




For personal use only
                        Tim Baxter                         Non-Executive Director                                                    Full Year
                        Peter Cowan                        Non-Executive Director (e)                                                Full Year
                        Sally Herman                       Non-Executive Director (f)                                                Full Year
                        Dean Howell                        Non-Executive Director      (b),(d).(f)
                                                                                                                                     Full Year
                        Kate Wright                        Non-Executive Director (c),(b),(f)                                        Full Year
                        Tuula Rytilä                       Non-Executive Director                                                    Full Year
                        Executive Directors
                        Jim Clayton                        Managing Director & Group Chief Executive Officer                         Full Year
                        Executives
                        Scott Brady                        Global Product Officer                                                    Full Year
                        Martin Nicholas                    Group Chief Financial Officer                                             Full Year
                        Cliff Torng                        Global Go-to-Market Officer                                               Full Year
                        (a)
                              Chair of Audit and Risk Committee
                        (b)
                              Member of Audit and Risk Committee
                        (c)
                              Chair, People Performance Remuneration and Nominations Committee (PPRNC)
                        (d)
                              Member of PPRNC
                        e)
                              Chair of Sustainability Committee
                        (f)
                              Member of Sustainability Committee

                        6. Executive remuneration - detailed elements
                        There are five key components in Executive remuneration:
                              i)     Fixed Cash Remuneration
                              ii)    Fixed Deferred Remuneration Rights
                              iii)   Short Term Performance Incentive (STI)
                              iv)    Long Term Performance Incentive (LTI) Rights
                              v)     Long Term Performance and Retention (LTPR) Rights

                        i) Fixed Cash Remuneration
                        Executives receive their fixed cash remuneration in the form of cash, car allowance, health insurance, annual leave benefits, long
                        service leave benefits and superannuation. Fixed cash remuneration is reviewed annually by the PPRNC, and in the case of the CEO,
                        the Board. The Committee considers company and individual performance, relevant comparative market compensation and internal
                        relativities. BRG competes in a global market for talent and employs both Australian and international executives. The Group regularly
                        benchmarks both domestically, and internationally, when reviewing suitability of remuneration.
                        Details of fixed cash remuneration by KMP are shown in the remuneration Tables 6 and 7.




                                                                                                                              Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 37
                        Directors’ report continued
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        6. Executive remuneration - detailed elements continued
                        Remuneration
                        component              Purpose and execution                                       FY24 outcomes
                        Fixed Cash             Aims to provide competitive salary, including               •   CEO Fixed Cash remuneration remained at $1.7m
                        remuneration           superannuation and non-monetary benefits, to attract            as detailed in the explanatory memorandum in
                                               and retain a high performing team.                              the November 2021 AGM. No increases were
                                                                                                               awarded in FY24.
                                               Fixed cash remuneration is reviewed annually, with
                                               outside assistance where needed, and set with               •   No Executive KMP were awarded increases in
                                               reference to:                                                   base salary in FY24.
                                               •    Size and complexity of role
                                               •    Market benchmarks (domestic and international)
                                               •    Experience, skills and competencies
                        Annual leave and long service leave benefits shown in Tables 6 and 7 reflect the movement in accrued benefit owing to the individual




For personal use only
                        in accordance with accounting standards. If leave balances increase, or if base salary increases are implemented, then accrued
                        benefits increase.

                        ii) Fixed Deferred Remuneration Rights
                        Fixed deferred remuneration rights are a core part of fixed base remuneration delivered in the form of share rights as opposed to
                        cash. As with cash, fixed pay remuneration is only earned, and vests into shares, when the relevant period of service is completed.
                        The number of rights granted is calculated as the deferred base salary amount for a year divided by the relevant value of shares in
                        the Company using a 20-trading day trailing volume weighted average price (VWAP) to the end of the previous financial year that
                        the grant is agreed. The rights only vest if the service period is completed. Because the number of rights issued is calculated at
                        the VWAP on the date of issue, any appreciation or depreciation of share price during the service period is to the effective benefit,
                        or detriment, of the Executive versus taking a fixed cash base pay amount. This aligns shareholder and management interests in
                        achieving sustained share price appreciation.
                        The accounting value of fixed deferred remuneration rights grants for which compensation is included in the remuneration tables 4, 6
                        and 7 is shown in table 11. Under AASB 2 accounting, although the rights relate to future periods of employment service, part of the
                        cost is recognised in the current period.

                        Remuneration
                        component          Purpose and execution                                                         FY24 outcomes
                        Fixed Deferred     Delivers fixed remuneration to the Executive in the form of an annual         CEO Fixed Deferred Remuneration
                        remuneration       grant of deferred rights supporting the retention of high performing
                        rights             international executives especially in times of increased share price         •   A single new tranche of CEO
                                           volatility.                                                                       rights was issued after approval
                                                                                                                             by shareholders at the AGM in
                                           Conditions                                                                        November 2023 equivalent to
                                                                                                                             $850,000 vesting on completion of
                                           •       Upon completion of a specific period of employment service (the           service through to 25 August 2028.
                                                   service condition) the rights will vest and convert into fully paid
                                                   ordinary shares in the Company.                                       •   In FY24 42,017 of fixed deferred
                                                                                                                             remuneration rights vested
                                           •       No consideration is payable by the Executive on granting or               and 43,389 of fixed deferred
                                                   exercise of the share rights as the rights satisfy part of the            remuneration rights were granted
                                                   Executive’s base remuneration.                                            to the CEO.
                                           •       The rights automatically lapse if the Executive resigns before the
                                                   vesting date, or is terminated with cause, and vest, on a pro-rata    KMP Fixed Deferred Remuneration
                                                   basis, if the Executive is terminated without cause.                  •   In FY24 no new fixed deferred
                                           •        No disposal restrictions apply to the shares received when the           remuneration rights were issued to
                                                   rights have vested.                                                       Executive KMP.
                                           The number of rights granted in each tranche is calculated as a               •   31,283 rights vested.
                                           deferred remuneration amount divided by the VWAP 20 days prior to             For accounting purposes, a fair value
                                           the end of the previous financial year.                                       is determined of these rights and is
                                                                                                                         expensed over the full vesting period
                                                                                                                         so part of the costs for future periods
                                                                                                                         are recognised in the current period.




               38 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        6. Executive remuneration - detailed elements continued
                        Table 3: Fixed Deferred Remuneration included in Remuneration Tables 6 and 7

                                                                                                               Fair value     Number           Number
                                                                                                                 right at outstanding       outstanding
                                                                                                              Grant date      30 June          30 June
                        Year of issue        Conditions                                                                 $        2024             2023
                                             •   Issued for nil consideration
                                             •   Exercise price is $0
                                             •   Issue price of $16.70
                                             •   Participant (Jim Clayton) must complete the service period
                                                 between:
                        FY20                     26 August 2019 – 25 August 2020                                 $16.70               -               -
                                                 26 August 2020 – 25 August 2021                                 $16.70               -               -
                                                 26 August 2021 – 25 August 2022                                 $16.70               -               -




For personal use only
                                                 26 August 2022 – 25 August 2023                                 $16.70               -          29,940
                                                 26 August 2023 – 25 August 2024                                 $16.70          29,940          29,940
                                             •   80% vested as of 30 June 2024
                                             •   Issued for nil consideration
                                             •   Exercise price is $0
                                             •   Issue price of $22.41
                        FY21                 •   Participant (Jim Clayton) must complete the service period
                                                 between:
                                                 25 August 2024 – 25 August 2025                                 $19.60          22,311          22,311
                                             •   0% vested at 30 June 2024
                                             •   Issued for nil consideration
                                             •   Exercise price is $0
                                             •   Issue price of $28.98
                                             Jim Clayton must complete the service period between:
                                                 26 August 2022 – 25 August 2023                                 $29.28               -          12,077
                                                 26 August 2023 – 25 August 2024                                 $28.91          12,077          12,077
                                                 26 August 2024 – 25 August 2025                                 $28.54          12,077          12,077
                                                 26 August 2025 – 25 August 2026                                 $28.17          29,330          29,330
                        FY22
                                             •   18% vested as at 30 June 2024
                                             Executive KMPs must complete the service period between
                                                26 August 2021 – 25 August 2022                                  $27.21               -               -
                                                26 August 2022 – 25 August 2023                                  $26.87               -          13,581
                                                26 August 2023 – 25 August 2024                                  $26.52          20,370          20,370
                                                26 August 2024 – 25 August 2025                                  $26.18          30,555          30,555
                                                26 August 2025 – 25 August 2026                                  $25.85          45,834          45,834
                                             •   19% vested as of 30 June 2024
                                             •   Issued for nil consideration
                                             •   Exercise price is $0
                                             •   Issue price of $18.36
                                             Jim Clayton must complete the service period between:
                                                 26 August 2026 – 25 August 2027                                 $18.57          46,296          46,296
                        FY23                 •   0% vested as at 30 June 2024
                                             Executive KMPs must complete the service period between
                                                26 August 2022 – 25 August 2023                                  $17.97               -          17,702
                                                26 August 2023 – 25 August 2024                                  $17.66          17,702          17,702
                                                26 August 2024 – 25 August 2025                                  $17.44          17,702          17,702
                                                26 August 2025 – 25 August 2026                                  $17.18          17,702          17,702
                                             •   25% vested as of 30 June 2024
                                             •   Issued for nil consideration
                                             •   Exercise price is $0
                                             •   Issue price of $19.59
                        FY24
                                             Jim Clayton must complete the service period between:
                                                 26 August 2027 – 25 August 2028                                 $22.11          43,389                -
                                             •   0% vested as of 30 June 2024



                                                                                                                  Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 39
                        Directors’ report continued
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        6. Executive remuneration - detailed elements continued
                        iii. Short term performance incentives (STI)
                        The Group operates an annual STI program available to Executives and other employees and awards a cash bonus
                        subject to the attainment of clearly defined business targets.

                        Remuneration
                        component             Purpose and execution                                                     FY24 outcomes
                        Short term            Aims to reward and incentivise Executives and employees for achieving     •   In July 2023 a FY24 pre-STI
                        incentives (STI)      in-year company targets and is paid in cash.                                  EBIT target of $185m was
                                                                                                                            set with the pool only to
                                              A pre-STI EBIT target is set by the Board in advance of the financial
                                                                                                                            be filled when this target
                                              year. Until this pre-STI EBIT is exceeded no STI is awarded. If pre-
                                                                                                                            is exceeded. An inventory
                                              STI EBIT exceeds the pre-STI target, the STI pool is funded until the
                                                                                                                            target for June 30th
                                              maximum pool is reached.
                                                                                                                            inventory of $365m ($75m
                                              Shareholders are effectively rewarded before any STI is awarded.              reduction) was also set with




For personal use only
                                              The maximum pool is calculated as the sum of maximum STI dollar               20% of bonus to be withheld
                                              opportunities for each eligible participant. The CEO has a maximum STI        if this was not met.
                                              opportunity of 100% of Fixed cash remuneration, other KMP 35% and         •   The Group achieved EBIT
                                              other staff are in a range of 5-35%.                                          of $185.7m having funded
                                              Once a pool is awarded it is distributed based on each individual’s           $20m or 100% of the
                                              achievement of their individual targets.                                      potential STI pool.

                                              •   The CEO and other KMP are targeted on Group EBIT and                  •   Year-end inventory of
                                                  additionally in FY24 an inventory target.                                 $333m was achieved so the
                                                                                                                            inventory target was also
                                              •   Regional Presidents and teams have Group EBIT and Regional EBIT           met in full.
                                                  targets and in FY24 inventory targets.
                                                                                                                        •   STI at 100% of potential was
                                              •   Product Development teams have Group EBIT and Gross Profit from           awarded.
                                                  new-to-market product targets.
                                              •   Functional Teams have Group EBIT (in FY24 inventory) and specific
                                                  deliverables.
                                              Following finalisation of the annual audit, the PPRNC recommends the
                                              amount of STI to be paid to the Group CEO for Board approval. The
                                              PPRNC seeks and approves recommendations on other individual pay
                                              outs from the Group CEO.
                                              The level of STI pay out always remains at the discretion of the Board.
                                              As recently as FY21 the Board opted to withhold STI during the COVID
                                              Pandemic.




               40 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        6. Executive remuneration - detailed elements continued
                        iv. Long term performance incentives (LTI)
                        The Group operates an annual LTI program available to Executives and other employees that grants performance rights that fully, or
                        partially, vest into shares on the achievement of clearly defined medium-term targets.
                        LTI grants to participants (excluding the CEO) are recommended by the CEO to the PPRNC. This recommendation, together with
                        a recommendation by the PPRNC of an LTI grant to the CEO, is then put to the Board for approval. Performance conditions for
                        the 3 years ahead are agreed at the same time taking into account what the Board considers to be the most effective means of
                        incentivising management to deliver sustained enhancement of shareholder value in the context of the existing environment.
                        Under AASB 2 accounting, although the share rights relate to future specific periods of employment, part of the cost is recognised in
                        the current period.

                        Remuneration
                        component          Purpose and execution                                         FY24 outcomes
                        Long term          Aims to reward and incentivise Executives to deliver          In-Year grants




For personal use only
                        incentives (LTI)   sustained shareholder value over multiple periods.
                                                                                                         •   In FY24 the CEO received an LTI performance
                                           Annual performance right grants are made to the                   rights grant of 125% of Fixed Cash
                                           CEO, Executive KMP and other managers based on a                  Remuneration or equivalent to 108,474
                                           percentage of their fixed cash remuneration, ranging from         performance rights. The issue of these rights
                                           10% for employees to 65% for KMP and 125% for the                 was approved at the AGM in November 2023.
                                           CEO.
                                                                                                         •   Other KMP’s received a grant of up to 65% of
                                           The number of rights issued is based on the value of              fixed cash remuneration or equivalent to 57,406
                                           shares in the Company using a 20-trading day trailing             performance rights.
                                           volume weighted average price (VWAP) up to date of
                                           financial year end.                                           In-Year LTI Vesting
                                           The number of rights vesting in favour of the individual      •   During FY24 110,579 rights vested in the CEO’s
                                           depends on the delivery of set performance metrics                favour under the FY20 and FY21 schemes and
                                           agreed each year.                                                 69,284 rights vested in favour of the other KMP.
                                           Conditions                                                    FY25 Vesting
                                           •   Upon satisfaction of the performance hurdles, the         In FY25 it is expected that in August 2024:
                                               performance rights will vest into fully paid ordinary
                                                                                                         •   100% of the single tranche of FY22 performance
                                               shares in the company.
                                                                                                             rights will vest based on meeting the EBIT gate
                                           •   All unvested performance rights automatically lapse           and sales growth metrics detailed on page 33).
                                               upon a participant ceasing employment unless
                                               otherwise determined by the Board.
                                           •   Participants do not receive distributions or dividends
                                               on unvested performance rights.
                                           •   The number of rights vesting is guided by the
                                               achievement of performance metrics, but the Board
                                               retains absolute discretion on the number of rights
                                               that vest.
                                           •   To make the scheme globally tax efficient (reflecting
                                               different timing of taxation) there are no disposal
                                               restrictions after vesting, notwithstanding that any
                                               trading in shares is, at all times, subject to the
                                               Company’s share trading policy.
                                           •   In the event of a takeover bid where the bidder and
                                               its associates become entitled to at least 50% of the
                                               voting shares of the company, any performance rights
                                               granted will vest where the Board, in its absolute
                                               discretion, is satisfied that performance is in line
                                               with any performance condition applicable to those
                                               performance rights. Any performance rights which
                                               do not vest will immediately lapse, unless otherwise
                                               determined by the Board.
                                           •   Performance metrics are agreed and set each year to
                                               govern the potential vesting of the performance rights.




                                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 41
                        Directors’ report continued
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        6. Executive remuneration - detailed elements continued
                        Table 4: LTI plans for which compensation is included in the remuneration tables 6 and 7

                                                                                                                         Fair value per
                        LTI Plan for                                                                                     performance         Number       Number
                        the year                                                                                         right at Grant outstanding    outstanding
                        ended          Performance hurdles / conditions                                                          date $ 30 June 2024 30 June 2023
                        FY20            Issued for nil consideration.
                        Performance     - Exercise price is $0.
                        based LTI       - Term of two to four years with vesting as follows, each representing 33% of
                        rights              the total number of performance rights:                                                                -        57,350
                                            (a) Total shareholder return (TSR) from 30 June 2019 to
                                                 30 June 2021 applying both an Absolute Test and a Relative Test.                $6.51
                                            (b) Total shareholder return (TSR) from 30 June 2019 to
                                                 30 June 2022 applying both an Absolute Test and a Relative Test.                $6.81
                                            (c) Total shareholder return (TSR) from 30 June 2019 to




For personal use only
                                                 30 June 2023 applying both an Absolute Test and a Relative Test.                $7.06
                                        100% vested as of 30 June 2024.
                        FY21            Issued for nil consideration.
                        Performance     - Exercise price is $0.
                        based LTI       - Term of three years with vesting applying Absolute Test of total shareholder                             -      131,058
                        rights              return (TSR) from 30 June 2020 to 30 June 2023.
                                        - minimum 0% and maximum 100% TSR targets set with straight line pro-
                                            rating between these two.                                                           $14.69
                                        - potential Board discretion in deciding appropriate vesting was explicitly
                                            flagged given volatile environment in which original TSR targets were set.
                                        100% vested as of 30 June 2024.
                        FY22            Issued for nil consideration.
                        Performance     - Exercise price is $0.                                                                              112,129      112,129
                        based LTI       - Term of three years with vesting based on meeting a minimum EBIT CAGR                 $25.96
                        rights              growth target and Sales CAGR.
                                        - If threshold EBIT CAGR is met then 50% vesting is achieved.                           $28.91
                                        - To achieve higher than 50% vesting a Sales 3-year CAGR must exceed a
                                            minimum target
                                        - To achieve 100% vesting a maximum target must be achieved
                                        - Sliding scale set between these 2 points.
                                        0% vested as of 30 June 2024 (nil lapsed).
                                        Refer to section 2 of this remuneration report for vesting outcomes.
                        FY23            Issued for nil consideration.
                        Performance     - Exercise price is $0.                                                                 $17.44       176,989      176,989
                        based LTI
                                        - Term of three years with vesting based on EBIT growth delivery.
                        rights
                                        - If threshold positive EBIT growth is met then 50% vesting is achieved.
                                        - If target EBIT growth is met then 100% vesting is achieved.
                                        - Sliding scale set between these 2 points.
                                                                                                                                $19.13
                                        0% vested as of 30 June 2024 (nil lapsed).
                        FY24            Issued for nil consideration.
                        Performance     - Exercise price is $0.                                                                 $12.95       165,880             -
                        based LTI
                                        - Term of three years with vesting percentage based on 3 individual                     $20.71
                        rights
                                            targets described on page 33.
                                                                                                                                $15.36
                                        0% vested as of 30 June 2024 (nil lapsed).                                              $22.23




               42 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        6. Executive remuneration - detailed elements continued
                        The PPRNC aims to increasingly skew Executives reward towards at-risk pay and specifically share based payments as seen in the
                        shape of the new CEO package for FY25.
                        The actual remuneration mix for FY24 and FY23, based on statutory remuneration Tables 6 and 7, is shown in Table 5 below.
                        The change in FY24 vs FY23 largely reflects the higher STI awarded in FY24.

                        Table 5: Actual Remuneration Mix of CEO and other Executive KMP for FY24 compared to FY23




For personal use only
                        •   Contracts – Employment contracts are entered with Executives designed to attract and retain the employees whilst
                            safeguarding the Group’s interests. None of the KMP have fixed-term contracts.
                        •   Termination Provisions – Executive Contracts include notice periods of 12 months for the CEO and 6 months for other KMP.
                            Amounts payable on termination vary from statutory entitlements to 12 months of fixed pay plus accrued leave balances. Any LTI
                            performance rights not vested at the date of termination are forfeited and will lapse unless otherwise determined by the Board.
                            Rights under the fixed, deferred remuneration scheme will lapse on resignation but will be pro-rated for time served in the case
                            of termination without cause. Specific termination arrangements, as part of the CEO’s package, were proposed and approved by
                            shareholders at the November 2021 AGM.
                        •   Hedging prohibited – The Group has a policy that prohibits KMP, and Executives, and their closely related parties from entering
                            into an arrangement that has the effect of limiting the exposure to risk relating to an element of that member's compensation.
                            The policy complies with the requirements of s.206J of the Corporations Act 2001.




                                                                                                                      Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 43
                        Directors’ report continued
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        7. Non-Executive Director remuneration
                        In accordance with best practice corporate governance, the structure of Non-Executive Director and Executive remuneration is
                        separate and distinct. The Board seeks to set Non-Executive Director remuneration at a suitable level to attract and retain high
                        calibre Directors, both Australian and internationally based, whilst being commensurate with growing international companies of a
                        similar size and type.
                        The remuneration of Non-Executive Directors is reviewed annually. Each Director receives a fee for being a Director of the Company.
                        An additional fee is also paid to each Director who also acts as Chair of a Board committee recognising the additional time
                        commitment required by the Director to facilitate the running of the committee.
                        The Group’s constitution and the ASX Listing Rules specify that the aggregate remuneration of Non-Executive Directors shall
                        be determined from time to time by general meeting. The aggregate remuneration of $1,800,000 per year was approved by
                        shareholders at the annual general meeting held in November 2021.
                        The remuneration of Non-Executive Directors for the year ended 30 June 2024 is detailed in Table 6 on page 45.

                        Remuneration
                        component          Purpose and execution                             FY24 outcomes




For personal use only
                        Non-executive      Aims to attract, reward, and retain high          •   Main Board Chair Fee: equivalent to $350,000 p.a. inclusive
                        Director fees      calibre Directors suitable for a fast-growing         of superannuation.
                                           international business.
                                                                                             •   Main Board Member Fee: equivalent to $145,000 p.a.
                                           Each Director receives a fee or base                  inclusive of superannuation for Australian based Directors
                                           remuneration as a Director of the Group               and $175,000 p.a. for international Directors.
                                           with an additional fee for acting as Chair of a
                                                                                             •   Lawrence Myers receives an additional $40,000 p.a. for his
                                           Board committee recognising the additional
                                                                                                 role as Deputy Chair.
                                           time commitment required.
                                                                                             •   Board Committee Chair Fee: equivalent to $30,000
                                           Non-Executive Director remuneration is
                                                                                                 p.a. inclusive of superannuation. Board subcommittees
                                           reviewed annually within the aggregate
                                                                                                 include the Audit and Risk Committee (ARC), the People
                                           remuneration pool of $1,800,000 approved by
                                                                                                 Performance Remuneration and Nominations Committee
                                           the AGM held in November 2021.
                                                                                                 (PPRNC) and the Sustainability Committee.
                                           Directors are entitled to defer a cash salary
                                                                                             •   Lawrence Myers chairs the ARC; Kate Wright chairs the
                                           in lieu of Breville share rights to encourage
                                                                                                 PPRNC; Peter Cowan chairs the Sustainability committee.
                                           Board share ownership.
                                                                                             •   The total fees paid in FY24 of $1,592,067 represents 88%
                                           Participation is voluntary. A participant can
                                                                                                 of the shareholder approved aggregate remuneration of
                                           elect how much of their salary they would
                                                                                                 $1,800,000.
                                           like to exchange for share rights. The election
                                           must be performed by the 1st of December          •   Two Directors elected to defer a portion of their salary
                                           ahead of the calendar year vesting period of          in exchange for rights for the period 1st January 2024 –
                                           1st of January to the 31st of December.               31st December 2024. The issued number of rights was
                                                                                                 determined based on VWAP of $20.36 for the period 15th
                                           Rights this year were issued determined on a
                                                                                                 February 2024 – 14th March 2024.
                                           VWAP for the period 20 days commencing on
                                           the 15th February 2024. Rights vest following
                                           the completion of the service period and are
                                           issued on a pro-rata basis based on service
                                           period.




               44 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                                                                                                                For personal use only
                                                                                                                                Fixed deferred                  Cash
                                                                                Salary &               Super- Leave entitle-     remuneration                bonuses     Performance                          Fixed
                                                                                    fees    Other   annuation        ments              rights   Subtotal       (STI)      rights (LTI)        Total   remuneration   STI   LTI

                                                                                       $       $            $              $                $           $           $                $            $              %     %     %

                                               Non-Executive Directors

                                               T. Antonie - Chairperson          322,500        -      27,500               -                -    350,000            -                -     350,000           100%    0%    0%

                                               L. Myers - Deputy Chairperson     210,083        -       4,917               -                -    215,000            -                -     215,000           100%    0%    0%

                                               T. Baxter                         104,143        -           -               -           87,500    191,643            -                -     191,643           100%    0%    0%

                                               P. Cowan                          157,658        -      17,342               -                -    175,000            -                -     175,000           100%    0%    0%

                                               S. Herman                          97,973        -      14,369               -           36,250    148,592            -                -     148,592           100%    0%    0%

                                               D. Howell                         130,631        -      14,369               -                -    145,000            -                -     145,000           100%    0%    0%

                                               K. Wright                         157,658        -      17,342               -                -    175,000            -                -     175,000           100%    0%    0%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 8. Statutory Remuneration Tables


                                               T. Rytilä                         191,832        -           -               -                -    191,832            -                -     191,832           100%    0%    0%

                                               Subtotal Non-Executive
                                               Directors                        1,372,478       -      95,839               -          123,750   1,592,067           -                -    1,592,067          100%    0%    0%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Remuneration report (audited) continued


                                               J. Clayton - Managing Director   1,672,500       -      27,500        (92,751)          883,173   2,490,422   1,700,000       1,982,210     6,172,632           40%    28%   32%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  The following tables 6 and 7 set out the statutory KMP remuneration disclosures, prepared in accordance with the




                                               Other key management
                                               personnel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Table 6: KMP remuneration for the year ended 30 June 2024




                                               S. Brady                          697,500        -      27,500        (53,178)          232,338    904,160     210,000          337,321     1,451,481           62%    15%   23%
                                               M. Nicholas                       547,500        -      27,500         32,505           474,319   1,081,824    201,250          323,246     1,606,320           67%    13%   20%

                                               C. Torng                          577,500        -      27,500        (11,715)          326,768    920,053     194,251          312,005     1,426,309           64%    14%   22%

                                               Subtotal Executives              3,495,000       -     110,000       (125,139)        1,916,598   5,396,459   2,305,501       2,954,782    10,656,742           51%    21%   28%

                                               Totals                           4,867,478       -     205,839       (125,139)        2,040,348   6,988,526   2,305,501       2,954,782    12,248,809           57%    19%   24%




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Corporations Act 2001 and Australian Accounting Standards. No termination benefits were paid in FY24.




Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 45
                                                                                                                 For personal use only
                                                                                                                                Fixed deferred                  Cash
                                                                                Salary &               Super-           Leave    remuneration                bonuses     Performance                          Fixed
                                                                                    fees    Other   annuation    entitlements           rights   Subtotal       (STI)      rights (LTI)        Total   remuneration   STI   LTI

                                                                                       $       $            $              $                $           $           $                $            $              %     %     %

                                               Non-Executive Directors

                                               T. Antonie - Chairperson          322,500        -      27,500               -                -    350,000            -                -     350,000           100%    0%    0%

                                               L. Myers - Deputy Chairperson     194,570        -      20,430               -                -    215,000            -                -     215,000           100%    0%    0%

                                               T. Baxter                         109,247        -            -              -           59,929    169,176            -                -     169,176           100%    0%    0%

                                               P. Cowan                          158,371        -      16,629               -                -    175,000            -                -     175,000           100%    0%    0%

                                               S. Herman                         115,016        -      12,107               -           29,964     157,087           -                -      157,087          100%    0%    0%
46 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024


                                               D. Howell                         131,222        -      13,778               -                -    145,000            -                -     145,000           100%    0%    0%

                                               K. Wright                         158,333        -      16,667               -                -    175,000            -                -     175,000           100%    0%    0%

                                               T. Rytilä                          35,753        -            -              -                -     35,753            -                -      35,753           100%    0%    0%

                                               Subtotal Non-Executive
                                               Directors                        1,225,012       -      107,111             -            89,893   1,422,016           -                -    1,422,016          100%    0%    0%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              8. Statutory Remuneration Tables continued   Remuneration report (audited) continued


                                               J. Clayton - Managing Director   1,672,500       -      27,500         129,269          924,678   2,753,947    989,400        1,827,795     5,571,142           49%    18%   33%

                                               Other key management
                                               personnel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Table 7: KMP Remuneration for the year ended 30 June 2023




                                               S. Brady                          668,281    9,644      27,500          69,879          244,752                122,220          326,873                         69%    8%    22%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Directors’ report continued
                                                                                                                                                 1,020,056                                 1,469,149
                                               M. Nicholas                       547,500        -      27,500            952           566,725   1,142,677    117,128          313,190     1,572,995           73%    7%    20%

                                               C. Torng                          568,870        -      27,500          10,608          374,036    981,014     113,054          302,126     1,396,194           70%    8%    22%

                                               Subtotal Executives              3,457,151   9,644     110,000         210,708        2,110,191   5,897,694   1,341,802       2,769,984    10,009,480           59%    13%   28%

                                               Totals                           4,682,163   9,644      217,111        210,708        2,200,084   7,319,710   1,341,802       2,769,984    11,431,496           64%    12%   24%
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        8. Statutory Remuneration Tables continued
                        Table 8: KMP STI cash bonuses awards in FY24 and FY23 and LTI performance rights vesting in FY24

                                                                                                          Share-based LTI performance base
                                                               STI Cash bonuses                             compensation vesting in FY24
                                                                                                     Financial Year
                        Name                 Financial Year            % Earned    % Forfeited            Granted       % Vested       % Forfeited
                        J. Clayton                       2024            100.0%               0.0%            2021          100%              0.0%
                                                         2023             58.2%           41.8%               2020          85.1%            14.9%
                        S. Brady                         2024            100.0%               0.0%            2021          100%              0.0%
                                                         2023             58.2%           41.8%               2020          85.1%            14.9%
                        M. Nicholas                      2024            100.0%            0.0%               2021          100%              0.0%
                                                         2023             58.2%           41.8%               2020          85.1%            14.9%




For personal use only
                        C. Torng                         2024            100.0%               0.0%            2021          100%              0.0%
                                                         2023             58.2%           41.8%               2020          85.1%            14.9%

                        Table 9: KMP shareholdings
                        Ordinary shares held* in Breville Group Limited (number)

                                                                   Balance at        On exercise of                                    Balance at
                        30 June 2024                               1 July 2023               rights          Net change other        30 June 2024
                        Directors
                        T. Antonie                                      43,791                        -                      -               43,791
                        T. Baxter                                            -                  3,562                        -                3,562
                        L. Myers                                       163,000                        -                      -             163,000
                        P. Cowan                                        11,055                        -                      -               11,055
                        S. Herman                                       47,484                  1,781                        -               49,265
                        D. Howell                                      140,000                        -                (40,000)            100,000
                        K. Wright                                       21,859                        -                      -               21,859
                        T. Rytilä                                            -                        -                 8,000                 8,000
                        Executive Director
                        J. Clayton                                     277,903                152,596                 (152,596)             277,903
                        Other KMP
                        S. Brady                                        75,137                 28,751                  (43,888)              60,000
                        M. Nicholas                                     35,953                 39,787                  (25,108)              50,632
                        C. Torng                                       104,823                 32,029                  (28,675)             108,177
                                (a)
                        Total                                          921,005                258,506                 (282,267)             897,244
                        * Held directly, indirectly or beneficially.
                        (a)
                              ~0.6% of total share capital is owned by KMP (~0.6% in FY23).




                                                                                                                              Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 47
                        Directors’ report continued
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        8. Statutory Remuneration Tables continued
                        Table 10: KMP Performance rights granted
                        The terms and conditions of each grant of performance rights affecting remuneration of key management personnel in this financial
                        year or future reporting years are as follows:

                                                                                                          Fair value per performance              Vested and
                                                                                   Expiry Exercise               right at grant date ($)           exercised     Number of
                                                            Grant Date*             Date     price                            (Note 19)         30 June 2024        Rights
                        FY20 Performance based                11 Oct 19 (a)      2-Oct-23         0.00                             7.06                  Yes          57,350
                        FY21 Performance based                7 Sep 20    (b)
                                                                                 1-Oct-23         0.00                            14.69                  Yes         131,058
                        FY22 Performance based                 6 Oct 21   (c)
                                                                                 1-Oct-24         0.00                            25.96                     -         38,803
                        FY22 Performance based               11 Nov 21 (c)       1-Oct-24         0.00                            28.91                     -         73,326
                        FY23 Performance based               21 Oct 22 (d)       1-Oct-25         0.00                            17.44                     -         61,248




For personal use only
                        FY23 Performance based               10 Nov 22    (d)
                                                                                 1-Oct-25         0.00                            19.13                     -        115,741
                        FY24 Performance based               25-Jul-23    (e)
                                                                                1-Oct-26          0.00                            12.95                     -         28,703
                        FY24 Performance based               25-Jul-23 (e)      1-Oct-26          0.00                            20.71                     -         28,703
                        FY24 Performance based               8-Nov-23     (e)
                                                                                1-Oct-26          0.00                            15.36                     -         54,237
                        FY24 Performance based                8-Nov-23    (e)
                                                                                 1-Oct-26         0.00                            22.23                     -         54,237
                        *     In addition to the relevant performance hurdle, the participant must be employed by the Company on the vesting date.
                        (a)
                              There are three equal tranches to be tested at 30 June 2021, 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2023 all with a total shareholder return hurdle (TSR)
                              applying an absolute test and a relative test.
                        (b)
                              One tranche with an absolute total shareholder return hurdle (TSR) applying an absolute test.
                        (c)
                              One tranche with an EBIT CAGR gateway and max and min revenue CAGR target.
                        (d)
                              One tranche with a target EBIT growth %.
                        (e)
                              Two equal tranches based on TSR hurdle and the other on PBT / Key Strategic priorities (Refer Section 2 above).

                        Table 11: Fixed deferred remuneration share rights holding of KMPs
                        The terms and conditions of each grant of rights issued as deferred remuneration affecting remuneration of KMPs in this financial
                        year or future reporting years are as follows:

                                                                                                          Fair value per performance              Vested and
                                                                                   Expiry Exercise               right at grant date ($)           exercised     Number of
                                                             Grant Date             Date     price                            (Note 19)         30 June 2024        Rights
                        Jim Clayton                            29-Jan-20         2-Oct-23         0.00                            19.60                  Yes          29,940
                        Jim Clayton                            29-Jan-20         1-Oct-24         0.00                            16.70                     -         29,940
                        Jim Clayton                             7-Sep-20         3-Oct-25         0.00                            19.60                     -         22,311
                        Jim Clayton                            11-Nov-21         3-Oct-23         0.00                            29.28                  Yes          12,077
                        Jim Clayton                            11-Nov-21         2-Oct-24         0.00                            28.91                     -         12,077
                        Jim Clayton                            11-Nov-21         1-Oct-25         0.00                            28.54                     -         12,077
                        Jim Clayton                            11-Nov-21         3-Oct-26         0.00                            28.17                     -         29,330
                        Jim Clayton                            10-Nov-22         1-Oct-27         0.00                            18.57                     -         46,296
                        Jim Clayton                             8-Nov-23         1-Oct-28         0.00                            22.11                     -         43,389
                        Other KMP                                5-Oct-21        2-Oct-23         0.00                            26.87                  Yes          13,581
                        Other KMP                                5-Oct-21        1-Oct-24         0.00                            26.52                               20,370
                        Other KMP                                5-Oct-21        3-Oct-25         0.00                            26.18                     -         30,555
                        Other KMP                                5-Oct-21        3-Oct-26         0.00                            25.85                     -         45,834
                        Other KMP                              21-Oct-22         2-Oct-23         0.00                            17.97                  Yes          17,702
                        Other KMP                              21-Oct-22         1-Oct-24         0.00                            17.66                     -         17,702
                        Other KMP                              21-Oct-22         1-Oct-25         0.00                            17.44                     -         17,702
                        Other KMP                              21-Oct-22         1-Oct-26         0.00                            17.18                     -         17,702
                        NED                                     1-Dec-22        28-Feb-24         0.00                            20.15                  Yes            5,343
                        NED                                    22-Nov-23        28-Feb-25         0.00                            26.57                     -           4,658



               48 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        8. Statutory Remuneration Tables continued
                        Table 12: Unvested Performance and Fixed Deferred Remuneration Rights holdings of KMPs

                                                                           Balance     Granted as                   Vested and                                         Balance
                                                                      30 June 2023 remuneration (a)                  exercised                  Other (b)         30 June 2024
                        T. Baxter                                                3,562                3,294                 (3,562)                       -                3,294
                        S. Herman                                                1,781                1,364                 (1,781)                       -                1,364
                        J. Clayton                                           498,894               151,863               (152,596)                   (5,200)           492,961
                        Other KMP
                        S. Brady                                               98,171               19,911                (28,751)                   (1,162)            88,169
                        M. Nicholas                                           143,076               19,079                (39,787)                   (1,110)           121,258
                        C. Torng                                              112,581               18,416                (32,029)                   (1,073)            97,895
                                                                             858,065               213,927              (258,506)                    (8,545)           804,941




For personal use only
                        (a)
                              Performance rights granted during the year are subject to performance hurdles and remaining in employment until date of vesting.
                        (b)
                              Includes forfeitures and lapses.




                        9. LTI Relative TSR Peer group appendix                                        Code     Company                                 Sector
                        Table 13: Bloomberg ASX200 Consumer Staples, Consumer                          CPU      Computershare Limited                   Industrials
                        Discretionary, Communication Services, Health Care,                            CQE      Charter Hall Social Infrastructure      Real Estate
                                                                                                                REIT
                        Industrials and Real Estate Peer Group along with
                        comparable international competitors used for Relative                         CQR      Charter Hall Retail REIT                Real Estate
                        TSR Measurement                                                                CSL      CSL Limited                             Health Care
                                                                                                       CTD      Corporate Travel Management             Consumer Discretionary
                                                                                                                Limited
                        Code       Company                              Sector
                                                                                                       CWY      Cleanaway Waste Management              Industrials
                        A2M        The a2 Milk Company Limited          Consumer Staples                        Limited
                        ABP        Abacus Property Group                Real Estate                    DHG      Domain Holdings Australia Limited       Communication Services
                        AIA        Auckland International Airport       Industrials                    DMP      Domino's Pizza Enterprises Limited Consumer Discretionary
                                   Limited
                                                                                                       DOW      Downer EDI Limited                      Industrials
                        ALL        Aristocrat Leisure Limited           Consumer Discretionary
                                                                                                       DXS      Dexus                                   Real Estate
                        ALQ        ALS Limited                          Industrials
                                                                                                       EDV      Endeavour Group Limited                 Consumer Staples
                        ALX        Atlas Arteria                        Industrials
                                                                                                       ELD      Elders Limited                          Consumer Staples
                        ANN        Ansell Limited                       Health Care
                                                                                                       EVT      EVT Limited                             Communication Services
                        APE        Eagers Automotive Limited            Consumer Discretionary
                                                                                                       FBU      Fletcher Building Limited               Industrials
                        ARB        ARB Corporation Limited              Consumer Discretionary
                                                                                                       FLT      Flight Centre Travel Group Limited      Consumer Discretionary
                        ARF        Arena REIT                           Real Estate
                                                                                                       FPH      Fisher & Paykel Healthcare              Health Care
                        AZJ        Aurizon Holdings Limited             Industrials                             Corporation Limited
                        BAP        Bapcor Limited                       Consumer Discretionary         GMG      Goodman Group                           Real Estate
                        BGA        Bega Cheese Limited                  Consumer Staples               GNC      GrainCorp Limited                       Consumer Staples
                        BWP        BWP Trust                            Real Estate                    GOZ      Growthpoint Properties Australia        Real Estate
                        BXB        Brambles Limited                     Industrials                    GPT      GPT Group                               Real Estate
                        CAR        Car Group Limited                    Communication Services         GUD      GUD Holdings Limited                    Consumer Discretionary
                        CGC        Costa Group Holdings Limited         Consumer Staples               HDN      HomeCo Daily Needs REIT                 Real Estate
                        CHC        Charter Hall Group                   Real Estate                    HLS      Healius Limited                         Health Care
                        CIP        Centuria Industrial REIT             Real Estate                    HMC      HMC Capital Limited                     Real Estate
                        CKF        Collins Foods Limited                Consumer Discretionary         HVN      Harvey Norman Holdings Limited          Consumer Discretionary
                        CLW        Charter Hall Long Wale REIT          Real Estate                    IEL      IDP Education Limited                   Consumer Discretionary
                        CMW        Cromwell Property Group              Real Estate                    IMU      Imugene Limited                         Health Care
                        CNI        Centuria Capital Group               Real Estate                    INA      Ingenia Communities Group               Real Estate
                        CNU        Chorus Limited                       Communication Services         ING      Inghams Group Limited                   Consumer Staples
                        COH        Cochlear Limited                     Health Care                    IPH      IPH Limited                             Industrials
                        COL        Coles Group Limited                  Consumer Staples               JBH      JB Hi-Fi Limited                        Consumer Discretionary



                                                                                                                                      Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 49
                        Directors’ report continued
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued                   Code       Company                                  Sector
                        9. LTI Relative TSR Peer group appendix continued         TLC        The Lottery Corporation                  Consumer
                                                                                             Limited                                  Discretionary
                        Table 13: Bloomberg ASX200 Consumer Staples, Consumer     TLS        Telstra Group Limited                    Communication
                        Discretionary, Communication Services, Health Care,                                                           Services
                        Industrials and Real Estate Peer Group along with
                                                                                  TLX        Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited            Health Care
                        comparable international competitors used for Relative
                                                                                  TPG        TPG Telecom Limited                      Communication
                        TSR Measurement continued
                                                                                                                                      Services
                        Code   Company                         Sector             TWE        Treasury Wine Estates Limited            Consumer Staples
                        JLG    Johns Lyng Group Limited        Industrials        WEB        Webjet Limited                           Consumer
                        KLS    Kelsian Group Limited           Industrials                                                            Discretionary
                        LIC    Lifestyle Communities Limited   Real Estate        WES        Wesfarmers Limited                       Consumer
                                                                                                                                      Discretionary
                        LLC    Lendlease Group                 Real Estate
                                                                                  WOR        Worley Limited                           Industrials
                        LNK    Link Administration Holdings    Industrials
                               Limited                                            WOW Woolworths Group Limited                        Consumer Staples
                                                                                  VCX        Vicinity Centres                         Real Estate




For personal use only
                        LOV    Lovisa holdings Limited         Consumer
                                                               Discretionary      WPR        Waypoint REIT                            Real Estate
                        MGR    Mirvac Group                    Real Estate        DLG        De'Longhi                                International
                        MND    Monadelphous Group Limited      Industrials                                                            competitor
                        MTS    Metcash Limited                 Consumer Staples   SK         Groupe SEB                               International
                                                                                                                                      competitor
                        NAN    Nanosonics Limited              Health Care
                                                                                  WHR        Whirlpool                                International
                        NEC    Nine Entertainment Co.          Communication
                                                                                                                                      competitor
                               Holdings Limited                Services
                                                                                  HBB        Hamilton Beach Brands                    International
                        NSR    National Storage REIT           Real Estate
                                                                                                                                      competitor
                        NWH    NRW Holdings Limited            Industrials
                                                                                  NWL        Newell Brands                            International
                        NWS    News Corporation                Communication                                                          competitor
                                                               Services
                        PME    Pro Medicus Limited             Health Care
                                                                                  Directors’ meetings
                        PMV    Premier Investments Limited     Consumer
                                                               Discretionary      The number of Board and Board committee meetings held and
                        PNV    PolyNovo Limited                Health Care        attended by Directors during the year is summarised below:

                        PXA    PEXA Group Limited              Real Estate                                                        People,
                        QAN    Qantas Airways Limited          Industrials                                                    Performance,
                                                                                                                    Audit     Remuneration Sustainability
                        QUB    Qube Holdings Limited           Industrials
                                                                                                      Full          & Risk    & Nominations Committee
                        REA    REA Group Ltd                   Communication                         board         (A&RC)        (PPRNC)     (SCom)
                                                               Services
                                                                                  Number of
                        REH    Reece Limited                   Industrials        meetings           12 (c)          5             4                   3
                        RHC    Ramsay Health Care Limited      Health Care
                                                                                  T. Antonie         12      (b)
                                                                                                                     5             4                   2
                        RMD    ResMed Inc                      Health Care
                                                                                  L. Myers             12           5 (b)         4 (a)                0
                        RWC    Reliance Worldwide              Industrials
                               Corporation Limited                                J Clayton            12            5             2                   0
                        SCG    Scentre Group                   Real Estate        T. Baxter              9           1             2                   0
                        SEK    Seek Limited                    Communication      P. Cowan             11            5             3                  3 (b)
                                                               Services           S. Herman            12            5             4                  3 (a)
                        SGP    Stockland                       Real Estate        D. Howell            12           5   (a)
                                                                                                                                  4   (a)
                                                                                                                                                      3 (a)
                        SGR    The Star Entertainment Group    Consumer           K. Wright            12           5   (a)
                                                                                                                                  4   (b)
                                                                                                                                                      3 (a)
                               Limited                         Discretionary      T. Rytilä            12            4             1                   0
                        SHL    Sonic Healthcare Limited        Health Care
                                                                                  (a)
                                                                                        A member of the relevant committee. All Board members are invited
                        SPK    Spark New Zealand Limited       Communication            to attend the committee meetings.
                                                               Services
                                                                                  (b)
                                                                                        Designates the current Chair of the Board or committee.
                        SUL    Super Retail Group Limited      Consumer
                                                               Discretionary      (c)
                                                                                        In addition to these meetings, the Board held two special purpose
                        SVW    Seven Group Holdings Limited    Industrials              subcommittee meetings.

                        TAH    Tabcorp Holdings Limited        Consumer
                                                               Discretionary
                        TCL    Transurban Group                Industrials



               50 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Committee membership                                                Lapse of unvested performance rights
                        As of the date of this report, the Company has three standing       During the year 43,445 unvested performance rights lapsed
                        committees: the ARC, the PPRNC and the SCom. Details of the         following the cessation of employment of employees or
                        function and membership of these committees are included in         Executives and 27,189 unvested performance rights lapsed as
                        the Corporate Governance Statement.                                 a result of performance hurdles not being met (2023: 38,822
                                                                                            unvested performance rights lapsed following the cessation of
                        The current members of each committee, as at the date of this       employment of employees or Executives and 25,082 unvested
                        report, are as follows:                                             performance rights lapsed as a result of performance hurdles
                        •   The ARC: Lawrence Myers (Chair), Dean Howell and Kate           not being met).
                            Wright.
                        •   The PPRNC: Kate Wright (Chair), Dean Howell and                 Auditor’s declaration of independence
                            Lawrence Myers.
                                                                                            Attached on page 106 is a copy of the auditor’s declaration
                        •   The SCom: Peter Cowan (Chair), Kate Wright, Sally Herman        provided under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001
                            and Dean Howell.                                                in relation to the audit for the year ended 30 June 2024. This
                        The Chairs and members of the ARC and PPRNC are all                 auditor’s declaration forms part of this Directors’ report.
                        independent Directors, and the Chair and a majority of the
                        members of the SCom are independent Directors.                      Non-audit services




For personal use only
                                                                                            During the financial year ended 30 June 2024 the Company’s
                        Indemnification of Directors and Officers                           auditor, PwC, provided non-audit services to Breville Group
                        The Directors and officers of the Company are indemnified by        entities. Details of the amounts paid to the auditor for the
                        the Company against losses or liabilities that they may sustain     provision of non-audit services during the year ended 30 June
                        or incur as a Director or an officer of the Company in the proper   2024 are set out in note 22 on page 101. These services
                        performance of their duties. During the financial year, the         primarily relate to tax compliance and advisory services.
                        Company paid premiums in respect of contracts to insure the         For FY24, the ratio between audit and non-audit fees is 1.0
                        Directors and officers of the Company against a liability to the    to 0.9.
                        extent permitted by the Corporations Act 2001. The contract of
                                                                                            A significant amount of the non-audit fees associated with
                        insurance prohibits disclosure of the nature of liability and the
                                                                                            taxation and accounting advisory services in FY24 are of a
                        amount of the premiums.
                                                                                            project based non-recurring nature, including finalisation of
                                                                                            the renewal of the Advanced Pricing Agreement (APA), initial
                        Likely future developments and expected                             Country by Country Reporting and work on indirect taxes.
                        results                                                             In accordance with the recommendation from the ARC, the
                                                                                            Directors are satisfied that the provision of the non-audit
                        Disclosure of information as to likely future developments in
                                                                                            services during the year is compatible with the general standard
                        the operations of the consolidated entity and expected results
                                                                                            of independence imposed by the Corporations Act. Also,
                        of those operations would be prejudicial to the interests of the
                                                                                            in accordance with the recommendation from the ARC, the
                        consolidated entity. Accordingly, such information has not been
                                                                                            Directors are satisfied that the nature and scope of each type
                        included in this report.
                                                                                            of non-audit service provided means that auditor independence
                                                                                            was not compromised. The auditors have also provided
                        Environmental regulations and performance                           the ARC with a report confirming that, in their professional
                        The consolidated entity is not involved in any activities that      judgement, they have maintained their independence in
                        have a marked influence on the environment within its area of       accordance with the firm’s requirements, the provisions of
                        operation. The Group’s commitment to sustainability including       APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants and the
                        environmental initiatives is outlined in pages 18 to 29 of the      applicable provisions of the Corporations Act.
                        Directors’ Report.
                                                                                            Significant events after year end
                        Corporate governance                                                No matters or circumstances have arisen since the end of the
                        In recognising the need for the highest standards of corporate      year that significantly affected or may affect the operations of
                        behaviour and accountability, the Directors support the             the consolidated entity.
                        principles of good corporate governance. The Company’s              Signed in accordance with a resolution of Directors.
                        Corporate Governance Statement is on pages 52 to 57.

                        Performance rights
                        Unissued shares
                        As of the date of this report there were 2,589,741 potential
                                                                                            Timothy Antonie
                        unissued shares under the performance rights, fixed deferred
                                                                                            Chair
                        remuneration share rights and NED schemes (2023: 2,408,673).
                        Refer to note 19 of the financial report for further details of     Sydney
                        the performance rights and fixed deferred remuneration share        21 August 2024
                        rights outstanding. Neither performance right holders, nor fixed
                        deferred remuneration share rights holders, have any right
                        by virtue of the rights to participate in any share issue of the
                        Company.

                                                                                                                       Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 51
                        Corporate governance statement
                        The Board of Directors is committed to high standards of                 •    Anti-bribery and Corruption Policy
                        corporate governance, including adhering to the ‘Corporate               •    Whistleblower Protection Policy
                        Governance Principles and Recommendations (4th Edition)’ of
                        the ASX Corporate Governance Council (Council).                          •    Ethical Sourcing Policy
                        This statement sets out the Company’s corporate governance               •    Modern Slavery Statement
                        practices and policies that were in place during the financial           •    Diversity and Inclusion Policy
                        year ended 30 June 2024. The Company followed the Council’s
                        recommendations throughout the period, except for those                  •    Securities Trading Policy
                        differences disclosed and explained in this statement.                   •    Continuous Disclosure Policy
                        The following documents are available in the corporate                   •    Selection and Appointment of Directors
                        governance section of the Company’s website
                                                                                                 •    Criteria for Assessing Independence of Directors
                        brevillegroup.com.
                                                                                                 •    Shareholder Communications Policy
                        •   Board Charter
                                                                                                 •    Minimum Shareholding Guideline Policy
                        •   Audit and Risk Committee Charter
                                                                                                 •    Workplace Gender Equality Agency Report
                        •   People, Performance, Remuneration and Nomination
                            Committee Charter                                                    •    Reconciliation Action Plan




For personal use only
                        •   Sustainability Committee Charter
                        •   Code of Conduct


                        The current Directors as of the date of this report are as follows:

                        Director                            Appointed Term in office             Qualifications Non-executive Independent Last elected
                        Timothy Antonie (Chair)                    2013          11 years                BEcon                    Yes          No            2023
                        Lawrence Myers (Dep. Chair
                        and Lead Ind Dir.)                         2013          11 years      B.Acct, CA, CTA                    Yes          Yes           2021
                        Tim Baxter                                 2022           2 years                    BS                   Yes          Yes           2022
                        Jim Clayton                                2021           3 years BBA, Finance, JD                        No           No             N/A
                        Peter Cowan                                2018           6 years                 Other                   Yes          Yes           2021
                        Sally Herman                               2013          11 years            BA, GAICD                    Yes          No            2022
                        Dean Howell                                2008          16 years             FCA, CTA                    Yes          Yes           2023
                        Kate Wright                                2016           8 years                    BA                   Yes          Yes           2022
                        Tuula Rytilä                               2023             1 year                 MSc                    Yes          Yes           2023




                        Further information as to the experience and background of               and management. The Board Charter is available on the
                        each Director is included in the Directors’ Report on pages              corporate governance page of the Company’s website: https://
                        12 to 13. The Company maintains a majority independent                   brevillegroup.com/corporate-governance/
                        Board and has been steadily evolving its Board composition to
                                                                                                 Board committees
                        benefit from diversity in all its forms including gender, skill set,
                        experience, ethnicity and geography.                                     The Board has established three standing committees to assist
                                                                                                 in the execution of its duties and to allow detailed consideration
                                                                                                 of complex issues within or relevant to the Company’s
                        Principle 1: Lay solid foundations for                                   businesses. These committees are as follows:
                        management and oversight                                                 •    Audit and Risk Committee (ARC), which reviews and makes
                                                                                                      recommendations to the Board regarding the Company’s
                        Role of the Board and management                                              financial reporting, external audit, risk management
                        The role of the Board includes ensuring that the Company has                  framework and tax management.
                        an appropriate corporate governance structure to create and              •    People Performance Remuneration and Nominations
                        protect long-term shareholder value and providing leadership                  Committee (PPRNC), which reviews and makes
                        and strategic guidance to management in accordance with the                   recommendations to the Board regarding employee health
                        Company’s objectives and values.                                              and safety, diversity and inclusion, human rights and
                        The Board has delegated responsibility for the day-to-day                     modern slavery, community relations and Director and
                        management of the Company and its businesses to the                           Executive nomination and remuneration matters.
                        Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (Group CEO).               •    Sustainability Committee (SCom), which reviews and makes
                        The Board has a charter, which sets out its structure,                        recommendations to the Board regarding the sustainability
                        composition and procedures, as well as the allocation of                      policies, strategies, programmes and disclosures of the
                        responsibilities among the Board, the Board committees                        Company.


               52 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Principle 1: Lay solid foundations for                               •   Enhancing the gender balance in career development in
                                                                                                 senior and managerial roles: the Company has recently
                        management and oversight continued                                       designed the Breville Emerging Leaders program, in which
                                                                                                 the initial program nominees were over two thirds female;
                        Further information regarding these committees, including
                        details of their respective composition, is provided in the          •   Continued flexible working arrangements where
                        sections below.                                                          operationally appropriate: Breville’s policies on Flexible
                                                                                                 Work and Paid Parental Leave support the choice of work
                        Appointment of Directors and Board renewal                               locations and timing of work.
                        A detailed process is undertaken for the appointment of new          The proportion of women employees in the Company at 30
                        Directors, including appropriate checks as to the candidate’s        June 2024 is shown in the table below.
                        background, character, education, skills and experience, as well                                                      30 June      30 June
                        as any potential conflicts of interest.                                                                                  2024         2023
                        Other than the Managing Director, Directors must not retain
                                                                                             Women on the Board1                                  33%          33%
                        office without re-election for more than three years or past the
                        third Annual General Meeting (AGM) following their last election,    Women in senior executive roles    2
                                                                                                                                                  34%          35%
                        whichever is longer. In addition, a Director appointed to fill a                                   3
                        casual vacancy must retire and seek election at the next AGM.        Women in managerial roles                            36%          37%




For personal use only
                        Prior to a Director seeking election or re-election at an AGM, the   Women in company                                     46%          45%
                        Company provides shareholders with all material information in
                        its possession relevant to a decision on whether or not to elect     1
                                                                                                 The number of women on the Board is 3 and represents 37.5% of
                        or re-elect the Director in the notice of meeting.                       NEDs.
                                                                                             2
                                                                                                 The senior and executive role measure is comprised of all executive
                        All Directors have a written agreement outlining the terms of
                                                                                                 staff reporting to the Group CEO and their direct reports.
                        their appointment.
                                                                                             3
                                                                                                 Managerial roles include all executive, senior and management roles.
                        Company Secretaries                                                  To assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities in relation to
                        The Company has two Company Secretaries, appointed by                diversity, the implementation of these objectives is overseen by
                        the Board. The Company Secretaries are accountable directly          the PPRNC. The committee:
                        to the Board, through the Chair of the Board, on all matters         •   reports to the Board, at least annually, on the Company’s
                        relating to the proper functioning of the Board.                         progress in achieving the objectives set for achieving
                        Diversity Policy                                                         diversity;

                        The Company is an equal opportunity employer and values              •   regularly oversees a monthly review of the relative
                        differences such as gender, age, sexuality, culture, disability          proportion of women across the Company and their relative
                        and ethnicity. The Company’s Diversity Policy aims to ensure             positions; and
                        a corporate culture that supports workplace diversity, while         •   champions initiatives to promote diversity in the workplace,
                        providing access to equal opportunities at work based on merit.          including the Breville Emerging Leaders program.
                        This policy is available in the corporate governance section of
                        the Company’s website: https://brevillegroup.com/corporate-          Workplace equality
                        governance/                                                          In accordance with the requirements of the Workplace Gender
                        Diversity Policy objectives                                          Equality Act 2012 (Act), Breville Pty Limited lodged its annual
                                                                                             compliance report with the Workplace Gender Equality Agency.
                        The objectives and actions set by the Board in accordance with       This report is available on the corporate governance section of
                        the Diversity Policy, and progress towards achieving them, are       the Company’s website: https://brevillegroup.com/corporate-
                        as follows:                                                          governance/
                        •   A target gender balance of at least 40% of each gender           Evaluating the performance of the Board
                            in managerial and Executive roles and 30% for the Board.
                            Please see the table below. BRG is constantly striving to        The Lead Independent Director is responsible for evaluating the
                            improve its gender balance and has and will continue to          Board’s performance by way of an annual internal assessment.
                            look at initiatives to do so, particularly for managerial and    This process involves a structured questionnaire, through which
                            senior executive roles;                                          each Director provides feedback in relation to the performance
                                                                                             of the Board, the Chair and other Board members. This
                        •   Promoting a safe workplace free from harassment or
                                                                                             feedback is reported by the Lead Independent Director to the
                            discrimination of any kind: training and education programs
                                                                                             Board following the assessment and a plan for improvements is
                            which included topics on unconscious bias, harassment,
                                                                                             implemented.
                            bullying, victimisation and discrimination, were offered
                            during the year;                                                 The Board conducted an internal evaluation of its performance
                                                                                             during FY24.
                        •   Explicit requirement of recruiting agencies to provide a
                            gender balance of suitable, qualified, vetted candidates for
                            interview: this continued during the year;
                        •   Representation of women trained in recruitment and on
                            selection panels: the process to train additional women in
                            these skills continued during the year;




                                                                                                                           Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 53
                        Corporate governance statement continued
                        Principle 1: Lay solid foundations for                             •   Financial acumen: Expertise in financial accounting and
                                                                                               reporting, tax, the assessment of internal controls and / or
                        management and oversight continued                                     corporate finance.
                                                                                           •   Mergers, acquisitions, and capital raisings: Experience
                        Evaluating the performance of senior executives
                                                                                               in the development and implementation of mergers and
                        The performance of the Company’s senior executives is                  acquisitions, and other corporate transactions.
                        reviewed against specific and measurable qualitative and           •   Human resources and remuneration: Experience in
                        quantitative performance criteria, which includes:                     human resources matters, including culture, workplace
                        •   financial measures of the Company’s performance;                   health and safety, diversity and inclusion, learning and
                                                                                               development, Executive remuneration and incentivisation
                        •   development and achievement of the Company’s strategic
                                                                                               and succession planning.
                            objectives;
                                                                                           •   Sustainability: A sound understanding of sustainability
                        •   development of management and staff;
                                                                                               best practice in managing the risks and opportunities arising
                        •   compliance with legislative and Company policy                     from environmental and social matters, such as climate
                            requirements; and                                                  change, biodiversity, human rights and modern slavery.
                        •   achievement of key performance indicators.                     •   Stakeholder relations: Experience in the development and
                        All senior executives were subject to an annual performance            maintenance of relationships with stakeholders, including




For personal use only
                        review with their direct manager during the reporting period.          investors, regulators, suppliers and customers.
                                                                                           The Board considers that, collectively, it has the skills and
                                                                                           experience to discharge its obligations effectively.
                        Principle 2: Structure the Board to be
                        effective and add value                                            Director independence
                                                                                           The Board regularly reviews the independence of each Director
                        Board composition                                                  with reference to the Company’s ‘Criteria for assessing
                                                                                           independence of Directors’. Consistent with the Council’s
                        The Company’s constitution states that there must be a
                                                                                           recommendations, independent Directors of the Company are
                        minimum of three Directors and contains detailed provisions
                                                                                           those who are not involved in the day-to-day management
                        concerning their tenure. The Board currently comprises eight
                                                                                           of the Company and are free of any interest, position or
                        Non-Executive Directors and one Executive Director.
                                                                                           relationship that might influence, or reasonably be perceived
                        Board Skills and Experience                                        to influence, in a material respect their capacity to bring an
                                                                                           independent judgement to bear on matters before the Board
                        The Board has developed a skills matrix to assess the skills,      and to act in the best interests of the Company as a whole,
                        knowledge and experience of the Directors, comprising those        rather than those of an individual shareholder or other party.
                        it considers necessary for the effective governance of the
                        business. Key skills and experience assessed include:              In accordance with this definition of independence, and the
                                                                                           materiality thresholds outlined in the abovementioned policy, it
                        •   Strategy and leadership: The ability to define and lead the    is the Board’s view that Tim Baxter, Peter Cowan, Dean Howell,
                            implementation of strategic objectives in a large, complex     Lawrence Myers, Kate Wright and Tuula Rytilä are independent
                            organisation.                                                  Directors. The Board therefore has a majority of independent
                        •   Product development: Experience in product design,             directors. The independence of both Mr Myers and Mr Howell
                            development and engineering.                                   is reconfirmed in light of their tenure with the Company, given
                                                                                           their track record of independent opinion and action, and the
                        •   Marketing: Senior executive experience in sales,               fact that the Executive team has substantially changed over
                            marketing, customer experience and /or business                the last 10 years. Thus, Mr Myers’ and Mr Howell’s tenure in
                            development.                                                   working with the current leadership team is no longer than that
                        •   Consumer-orientated digital technology: Experience             of several other members of the Board.
                            developing and applying digital and emerging technologies      The following Directors are not considered to be independent
                            to consumer products, as well as knowledge of cyber-           for the reasons outlined:
                            security and information-security frameworks.
                                                                                           •   Timothy Antonie (Non-Executive Chair) is a Non-Executive
                        •   Multinational businesses and global markets:                       Director of Premier Investments Ltd, a substantial
                            Senior executive experience in international business,             shareholder of the Company;
                            with exposure to diverse political, cultural and regulatory
                            operating environments.                                        •   Sally Herman (Non-Executive Director) is a Non-Executive
                                                                                               Director of Premier Investments Ltd, a substantial
                        •   Retail and consumer goods: Experience in, and                      shareholder of the Company; and,
                            knowledge of, the retail and consumer goods sector,
                            including brand, inventory and supply chain management.        •   Jim Clayton (Managing Director) in his dual role as
                                                                                               Managing Director and Group CEO is not considered
                        •   Risk management: Experience anticipating, identifying              independent.
                            and managing financial, non-financial and emerging risks,
                            and overseeing the implementation and effectiveness of risk    Regardless of whether Directors are classified as independent,
                            management strategies, frameworks and controls.                all Directors are expected to bring independent views and
                                                                                           judgement to Board deliberations. In addition, Board members
                        •   Corporate governance: Experience in corporate                  with a material personal interest in a matter before the Board
                            governance, particularly the legal and regulatory frameworks   are not permitted to be present during discussions or to vote on
                            relevant to listed companies.                                  the matter, unless otherwise agreed by the Board.




               54 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Principle 2: Structure the Board to be                                It does this with reference to the Board skills matrix, the Board’s
                                                                                              annual performance review, as well as new and emerging
                        effective and add value continued                                     business, governance or compliance issues relevant to the
                                                                                              Company. More generally, the Board keeps up to date with
                        In accordance with good corporate governance practice,                industry and regulatory developments through regular briefings
                        where the Chair of the Board is not an independent Director,          from senior management and external subject-matter experts
                        the Board considers it appropriate to designate an independent        at its Board and committee meetings. For example, during the
                        Director to serve in a lead capacity to coordinate the activities     year, the Board received educational sessions on cyber security,
                        of the other independent Directors, including acting as principal     the implications of AI technology and the status of capital
                        liaison between the independent Directors and the Chair, and          markets, and the SCom received a detailed briefing on the new
                        representing the Board as the Lead Independent Director when          Australian Sustainability Reporting Standards (ASRS).
                        the Chair is unable to do so because of their non-independent
                        status. As the current Chair, Mr Antonie, is not an independent
                        Director, the Board has appointed Mr Myers as its Lead                Principle 3: Instil a culture of acting lawfully,
                        Independent Director and Deputy Chair.                                ethically, and responsibly
                        People Performance Remuneration and Nominations
                        Committee                                                             Values
                                                                                              The culture and values of the Company, led by the Board and




For personal use only
                        The PPRNC’s responsibilities include overseeing the nomination
                        and succession of both key Executive roles and Non-Executive          supported by policy and procedure, underpin the ethical and
                        Board roles. These are in addition to its responsibilities relating   responsible behaviour expected of all Directors and employees
                        to people and remuneration matters outlined on pages 52 and           of the Company. The Company’s values can be found in the
                        57.                                                                   ‘About’ section of the Company’s website www.brevillegroup.
                                                                                              com. Relevant policies include the Code of Conduct, Anti-
                        Further details regarding the PPRNC’s operation and                   bribery and Corruption Policy and Whistleblower Protection
                        responsibilities are set out its charter, available at                Policy, as detailed below.
                        https://brevillegroup.com/corporate-governance/
                                                                                              Code of Conduct
                        The PPRNC is currently structured such that:
                        •   it is comprised solely of Non-Executive Directors;                The Board has formally adopted a Code of Conduct for all
                                                                                              Directors and employees. The Code aims at maintaining
                        •   it is chaired by an independent Director; and                     the highest ethical standards, corporate behaviour and
                        •   has three members all of whom are independent.                    accountability across the Company. These obligations are
                                                                                              also consistent with the duties imposed on Directors by the
                        The members of the PPRNC as at the date of this report are:
                                                                                              Corporations Act. New employees are required to read and
                        •   Kate Wright (Chair)                                               agree to the Code of Conduct as part of the onboarding
                        •   Dean Howell                                                       process. Any breaches of the Code of Conduct are reported to
                                                                                              the Board through the Group CFO.
                        •   Lawrence Myers
                                                                                              A copy of the Code of Conduct is available on the Company’s
                        All Non-Executive Directors have an open invitation to attend         website: https://brevillegroup.com/corporate-governance/
                        PPRNC meetings. For details on the number of meetings of the
                        PPRNC held during the year and Directors’ attendance at those         Anti-bribery and Corruption Policy
                        meetings, refer to the Directors’ Report on page 50.                  The Company has an Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy which
                        Access to independent advice                                          prohibits Directors and employees from engaging in any activity
                                                                                              that constitutes bribery or corruption and from accepting other
                        There are procedures in place to enable Directors, in connection      improper inducements and / or payments.
                        with their duties and responsibilities as Directors, to seek
                                                                                              Any material incidents of bribery or corruption are reported to
                        independent professional advice at the expense of the
                                                                                              the Board through the Group CFO.
                        Company. Prior written approval of the Chair is required, which
                        will not be unreasonably withheld.                                    A copy of the Anti-bribery and Corruption Policy is available on
                                                                                              the Company’s website: https://brevillegroup.com/corporate-
                        Induction and continuing professional development                     governance/
                        Newly appointed Directors participate in an extensive induction
                                                                                              Whistleblower Protection Policy
                        program. This includes the provision of information relevant to
                        their role as a listed company Director, and briefings with other     The Company has a Whistleblower Protection Policy that sets
                        Directors and key members of management on the Company’s              out clear processes for employees and other parties to make
                        strategy, operations, structure and material risks.                   protected disclosures regarding improper conduct. The Board is
                                                                                              informed of material incidents reported under this policy.
                        The Board annually assesses whether there is a need for
                        Directors to undertake professional development to maintain the       A copy of the Whistleblower Protection Policy is available on
                        skills and knowledge required to perform their role effectively.      the Company’s website: https://brevillegroup.com/corporate-
                                                                                              governance/




                                                                                                                         Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 55
                        Corporate governance statement continued
                        Principle 4: Safeguard integrity of corporate                        Any substantive analyst presentations are released on the ASX
                                                                                             Market Announcements Platform ahead of the any presentation
                        reports                                                              or briefing.

                        Audit and Risk Committee
                                                                                             Principle 6: Respect the rights of security
                        The Board has a combined audit and risk committee in the form
                        of the ARC. The audit-related responsibilities of the ARC include    holders
                        reviewing and assessing the adequacy of the Company’s
                        corporate reporting process, reviewing and approving the             Communication policy
                        scope of the audit plan of the external auditor, and overseeing      The Company is committed to providing all shareholders with
                        the Company’s approach to internal risk management and               comprehensive, timely and equal access to information about
                        tax management. The ARC also has other risk-related                  its activities to enable them to make informed investment
                        responsibilities, as outlined on page 57.                            decisions. The Company’s Shareholder Communication Policy
                        Details of the ARC’s operation and responsibilities are set out      is available on the Company’s website, together with relevant
                        its charter, available at https://brevillegroup.com/corporate-       information regarding the Company’s governance: https://
                        governance/                                                          brevillegroup.com/corporate-governance/
                        The ARC is currently structured such that:                           The Company aims to facilitate effective communication with




For personal use only
                                                                                             shareholders in numerous ways, including through:
                        •   it is comprised solely of Non-Executive Directors;
                                                                                             •   announcements released to the ASX Market
                        •   it is chaired by an independent Director, who is not chair of
                                                                                                 Announcements Platform, including its annual and half year
                            the Board; and
                                                                                                 results;
                        •   it has three members all of whom are independent
                                                                                             •   the Annual General Meeting (AGM), which shareholders
                            Directors.
                                                                                                 are encouraged to attend and in which shareholders are
                        The members of the ARC as at the date of this report are:                encouraged to participate, including by exercising their
                        •   Mr Lawrence Myers (Chair)                                            voting rights and asking questions of the Chair and the
                                                                                                 Board and the external auditor; the Company requires that
                        •   Mr Dean Howell                                                       all substantive resolutions at the AGM, or any other meeting
                        •   Ms Kate Wright                                                       of shareholders, are decided by a poll rather than a show of
                                                                                                 hands;
                        All Non-Executive Directors have an open invitation to attend
                        ARC meetings.                                                        •   an investor relations program, which includes scheduled
                                                                                                 and ad-hoc briefing sessions with investors, analysts and
                        The Directors’ Report, on page 50, outlines the number of
                                                                                                 other stakeholders;
                        ARC meetings held during the year and directors’ attendance
                        at those meetings. It also outlines the qualifications of the ARC    •   maintenance of the Company website which provides
                        members on pages 12 to 13.                                               up-to-date information about the Company, its governance
                                                                                                 framework and recent ASX announcements;
                        CEO and CFO Declaration
                                                                                             •   lodging with the ASX Market Announcements Platform any
                        Before the Board approves the Company’s half-year and                    presentations to be provided at investor conferences before
                        full-year financial statements, it receives from the Group CEO           they are presented, and
                        and Group CFO a written declaration that, in their opinion,
                                                                                             •   notifications from the Company’s share registry.
                        the financial records of the Company have been properly
                        maintained and that the financial statements comply with all         Electronic communication
                        applicable accounting standards and give a true and fair view
                        of the financial position and performance of the Company, and        Shareholders may send and elect to receive communications
                        that their opinion has been formed on the basis of a sound           from the Company’s share registry electronically. Shareholders
                        system of risk management and internal control which is              are also able to send communications to the Company and
                        operating effectively.                                               receive responses to these communications electronically.

                        Periodic disclosures that are not subject to external audit are
                        reviewed and presented to the Board for approval and are             Principle 7: Recognise and manage risk
                        subject to rigorous internal review prior to publication.
                                                                                             Risk management
                        Principle 5: Make timely and balanced                                The Company is committed to the identification, monitoring
                        disclosure                                                           and management of risks associated with its business activities
                                                                                             including financial, operational, compliance, climate, ethical
                                                                                             conduct, brand, technology, employee welfare and product
                        Continuous disclosure                                                quality risks. The Company has embedded in its management
                        The Board has adopted a Continuous Disclosure Policy that            and reporting systems a number of risk management controls.
                        outlines how the Company seeks to comply with its continuous         These include:
                        disclosure obligations under the ASX Listing Rules. This policy is
                        available on the Company’s website: https://brevillegroup.com/       •   a presentation delivered at least bi-annually to the ARC
                        corporate-governance/                                                    and Board of the risk register and risk matrix identifying key
                                                                                                 risks, mitigants and the residual risk relative to Board risk
                        The Board receives and approves all material market                      appetite;
                        announcements before release and is notified once an
                        announcement has been released to the ASX.


               56 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Principle 7: Recognise and manage risk                                  The SCom is currently structured such that:
                        continued                                                               •   it is comprised of only Non-Executive Directors;
                                                                                                •   it is chaired by an independent Director; and
                        •   an extensive controls self-assessment process covering all
                                                                                                •   it has four members, a majority of whom are independent.
                            units and key controls;
                                                                                                The members of the SCom as of the date of this report are:
                        •   policies and procedures for the management of financial
                            risk and treasury operations including exposures to foreign         •   Mr Peter Cowan (Chair)
                            currencies and movements in interest rates;                         •   Ms Sally Herman
                        •   annual strategic planning sessions at the Executive and             •   Ms Kate Wright
                            Board level, with monitoring at each Board meeting;
                                                                                                •   Mr Dean Howell
                        •   annual budgeting and monthly reporting systems for all
                            business units that enable the monitoring of progress               All Non-Executive Directors have an open invitation to attend
                            against performance targets and the evaluation of trends;           SCom meetings.

                        •   policies and procedures that facilitate management of the           For details on the number of meetings of the Sustainability
                            Company’s material business risks; and                              Committee held during the year and Directors’ attendance at
                                                                                                those meetings, refer to the Directors’ Report on page 50.
                        •   guidelines and limits for approval, including capital




For personal use only
                            expenditure, significant contracts, acquisitions and
                            disposals, actual or contingent liabilities, borrowings and         Principle 8: Remunerate fairly and
                            legal matters.                                                      responsibly
                        Management reports to the Board on the Company’s risk
                        identification and management, internal control and governance          People, Performance, Remuneration and Nominations
                        systems, and the effectiveness of the underlying processes              Committee
                        in managing the Company’s material business risks. The
                        Company does not currently operate with a dedicated internal            In addition to its people and nomination related responsibilities
                        audit function, a position that is reviewed periodically. As            outlined on pages 52 and 53, the PPRNC is responsible for
                        outlined above, the Company conducts an extensive control               overseeing the remuneration and incentivisation of both key
                        self-assessment, a twice-yearly enterprise-wide risk register           Executive and Non-Executive Board roles, as well as the
                        review and external audits.                                             remuneration strategy for the Company. This includes reviewing
                                                                                                and making recommendations to the Board in relation to short-
                        Audit and Risk Committee                                                term and long-term incentives, employee incentive plan terms
                        As previously set out, the Company has a combined audit                 and compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements.
                        and risk committee in the form of the ARC. In addition to the           Further details regarding the PPRNC, including its composition,
                        audit-related responsibilities set out on page 56, the ARC is           are included on page 55.
                        responsible for monitoring the adequacy of and management’s
                        performance against the Company’s risk management                       Remuneration disclosure
                        framework, considering the effectiveness of the Company’s               For details of the Company’s remuneration philosophy and
                        internal controls relating to both financial and non-financial risks,   framework, and the remuneration received by Key Management
                        reviewing material incidents involving fraud or a breakdown             Personnel (KMP) in the current period, please refer to the
                        of the Company’s risk controls and receiving reports from               Remuneration Report contained in the Directors’ report on
                        management on new and emerging sources of risk.                         pages 31 to 50.
                        Each year, including in FY24, the ARC reviews the Company’s
                                                                                                Equity-based remuneration schemes and share trading
                        risk management framework to satisfy itself that it continues to
                        be sound and that the Company is operating with due regard to           The Company currently operates an equity-based remuneration
                        the risk appetite set by the Board.                                     scheme, the details of which are disclosed in the Remuneration
                        Further details regarding the ARC, including its composition, are       Report, as well as in any notice of meeting seeking shareholder
                        included on page 56.                                                    approval for a Director to participate in a particular scheme.
                                                                                                The Company has established a Minimum Shareholding
                        Sustainability Committee                                                Guideline Policy, through which it encourages all Executive KMP
                        The SCom has oversight responsibilities in relation to the              and Non-Executive Directors to maintain a minimum holding of
                        Company’s environmental sustainability strategy, risks and              Company shares in order to strengthen alignment between their
                        opportunities, and the integrity of the Company’s sustainability        interests and the interests of shareholders.
                        reporting.                                                              The Company also has a Securities Trading Policy, available in
                        The Company’s exposure to economic, environmental and                   the corporate governance section of the Company’s website
                        social sustainability risks, together with how these risks are          https://brevillegroup.com/corporate-governance, which assists
                        managed, are detailed in the Operating and Financial Review             Directors and employees to understand and comply with insider
                        section of the Directors’ Report.                                       trading laws and outlines the procedures that must be followed
                                                                                                when dealing in Company securities, including those received
                        Details of the SCom’s operation and responsibilities are set out        under an equity-based remuneration scheme.
                        its charter, available at https://brevillegroup.com/corporate-
                        governance/                                                             Pursuant to the Securities Trading Policy, participants in the
                                                                                                Company’s equity-based remuneration schemes are not
                                                                                                permitted to enter into any agreement or arrangement (including
                                                                                                options and derivatives) which limits the economic risk of
                                                                                                participating in the scheme.


                                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 57
                        Consolidated income statement
                        for the year ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                                                            Consolidated
                                                                                                                      30 June 2024    30 June 2023
                                                                                                              Note           $’000            $’000

                        Revenue                                                                               3(a)       1,529,993         1,478,554
                        Cost of sales                                                                         3(b)        (973,055)         (961,612)
                        Gross profit                                                                                       556,938          516,942

                        Other income                                                                                          228               778
                        Employee benefits expenses                                                            3(e)        (196,526)         (183,066)
                        Premises and utilities expenses                                                                    (13,486)          (13,670)
                        Advertising and marketing expenses                                                                 (54,905)          (52,721)




For personal use only
                        Other expenses                                                                        3(d)         (46,751)          (50,100)
                        Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation & amortisation (EBITDA)                                245,498          218,163

                        Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                  3(c)        (59,785)          (46,142)
                        Earnings before interest & tax (EBIT)                                                              185,713          172,021

                        Finance costs                                                                          3(f)        (22,457)          (21,699)
                        Finance income                                                                         3(f)          2,431              669
                        Profit before income tax                                                                           165,687          150,991

                        Income tax expense                                                                       4         (47,180)          (40,783)
                        Net profit after income tax for the year attributable to members of
                        Breville Group Limited                                                                             118,507          110,208


                                                                                                                            Cents             Cents
                        Earnings per share for profit attributable to the ordinary equity holders of
                        the Company:
                        Basic earnings per share                                                                13            82.7              77.2
                        Diluted earnings per share                                                              13            81.8              76.6

                        The accompanying notes form an integral part of this consolidated income statement.




               58 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                        for the year ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                           30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                                Note               $’000                $’000

                        Net profit after income tax for the year                                                                 118,507              110,208

                        Other comprehensive income
                        Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
                        Foreign currency translation differences                                                                   (7,988)             26,986
                        Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges                                                              (9,036)             (10,887)
                        Income tax on other comprehensive income                                                    4               7,318               4,163
                        Other comprehensive income for the year,




For personal use only
                        net of income tax                                                                                         (9,706)              20,262

                        Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
                           Owners of Breville Group Limited                                                                      108,801              130,470
                        Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to owners of
                        Breville Group Limited arises from:
                           Continuing operations                                                                                 108,801              130,470

                        The accompanying notes form an integral part of this consolidated statement of comprehensive income.




                                                                                                                        Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 59
                        Consolidated statement of financial position
                        as at 30 June 2024


                                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                             30 June 2024     30 June 2023
                                                                                                                     Note           $’000            $’000

                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                       5         137,772           84,155
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                     6         282,017          276,753
                        Inventories                                                                                     7         332,790          439,633
                        Current tax receivables                                                                         4           6,930            4,366
                        Derivative financial instruments                                                               16           3,942           14,200
                        Other financial assets                                                                         16            559             1,711
                        Total current assets                                                                                      764,010          820,818




For personal use only
                        Non-current assets
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                                   8          62,858           53,766
                        Deferred tax assets                                                                             4          29,241           29,112
                        Right-of-use assets                                                                            10          65,431           69,968
                        Intangible assets                                                                               9         410,288          399,028
                        Other financial assets                                                                         16           9,243            2,160
                        Total non-current assets                                                                                  577,061          554,034
                        Total assets                                                                                            1,341,071         1,374,852

                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                                        6         273,269          261,336
                        Lease liabilities                                                                              10          22,020           19,777
                        Current tax liabilities                                                                         4           9,376            6,285
                        Borrowings                                                                                     15           2,735            3,245
                        Provisions                                                                                      6          30,337           29,699
                        Derivative financial instruments                                                               16            207             1,430
                        Total current liabilities                                                                                 337,944          321,772

                        Non-current liabilities
                        Borrowings                                                                                     15          81,431          202,200
                        Lease liabilities                                                                              10          49,797           55,272
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                        4          19,413           22,155
                        Provisions                                                                                      6           4,272            3,794
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                             154,913          283,421
                        Total liabilities                                                                                         492,857          605,193
                        Net assets                                                                                                848,214          769,659

                        Equity
                        Equity attributable to equity holders of Breville Group Limited
                        Issued capital                                                                                 14         401,129          385,541
                        Reserves                                                                                       14          28,977            39,337
                        Retained earnings                                                                                         418,108          344,781
                        Total equity                                                                                              848,214          769,659

                        The accompanying notes form an integral part of this consolidated statement of financial position.




               60 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Consolidated statement of changes in equity
                        for the year ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                                                         Employee
                                                                                                             Foreign        equity
                        Consolidated                                                            Issued      currency      benefits     Cash flow     Retained
                                                                                                capital   translation      reserve       hedges      earnings          Total
                                                                                       Note       $’000        $’000         $’000         $’000        $’000         $’000
                        2024
                        At 1 July 2023                                                         385,541        34,526        (4,128)        8,939      344,781       769,659
                        Foreign currency translation reserve                                          -        (7,988)           -              -            -        (7,988)
                        Cash flow hedges                                                              -             -            -         (9,036)           -       (9,036)
                        Income tax on items taken directly to equity                      4           -             -        4,607         2,711             -        7,318
                        Total other comprehensive income
                        for the year                                                                  -       (7,988)        4,607         (6,325)           -       (9,706)
                        Profit for the year ended                                                     -             -            -              -     118,507       118,507
                        Total comprehensive income
                        for the year ended                                                            -       (7,988)        4,607         (6,325)    118,507       108,801




For personal use only
                        Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:
                        Dividends paid                                                   12           -             -            -              -     (45,180)      (45,180)
                        Ordinary shares issued for Performance Rights Plan (LTI) and
                        Fixed Deferred Remuneration Plan, net of transaction costs
                        and tax                                                        14(a)    15,588              -      (15,620)             -            -           (32)
                        Ordinary shares acquired by the Trustee of the Breville
                        Group Performance Share Plan                                   14(b)   (14,940)             -            -              -            -      (14,940)
                        Transferred to participants of the Performance Rights Plan
                        (LTI) and Fixed Deferred Remuneration Plan                     14(b)    14,940              -            -              -            -       14,940
                        Share-based payments                                            3(e)          -             -      14,966               -            -       14,966
                        At 30 June 2024                                                        401,129        26,538          (175)        2,614      418,108       848,214


                        2023
                        At 1 July 2022                                                         323,165         7,540       (10,255)       16,560      277,407       614,417
                        Foreign currency translation reserve                                          -       26,986             -              -            -       26,986
                        Cash flow hedges                                                              -             -            -        (10,887)           -      (10,887)
                        Income tax on items taken directly to equity                      4           -             -         897          3,266             -        4,163
                        Total other comprehensive income
                        for the year                                                                  -       26,986          897          (7,621)           -       20,262
                        Profit for the year                                                           -             -            -              -     110,208       110,208
                        Total comprehensive income
                        for the year ended                                                            -       26,986          897          (7,621)    110,208       130,470

                        Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:
                        Dividends paid                                                   12           -             -            -              -      (42,834)     (42,834)
                        Ordinary shares issued on acquisition of Lelit Srl, net of
                        transaction costs                                              14(a)    55,703              -            -              -            -       55,703
                        Ordinary shares issued for Performance Rights Plan (LTI) and
                        Fixed Deferred Remuneration Plan, net of transaction costs
                        and tax                                                        14(a)     6,673              -       (6,690)             -            -           (17)
                        Ordinary shares acquired by the Trustee of the Breville
                        Group Performance Share Plan                                   14(b)    (6,093)             -            -              -            -        (6,093)
                        Transferred to participants of the Performance Rights Plan
                        (LTI) and Fixed Deferred Remuneration Plan                     14(b)     6,093              -            -              -            -        6,093
                        Share-based payments                                            3(e)          -             -      11,920               -            -       11,920
                        At 30 June 2023                                                        385,541        34,526        (4,128)        8,939      344,781       769,659


                        The accompanying notes form an integral part of this consolidated statement of changes in equity.




                                                                                                                                     Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 61
                        Consolidated statement of cash flows
                        for the year ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                                            30 June 2024        30 June 2023
                                                                                                                Note                  $’000              $’000

                        Cash flows from operating activities
                        Receipts from customers                                                                                 1,617,072           1,474,092
                        Payments to suppliers and employees                                                                   (1,253,165)           (1,319,631)
                        Finance income received                                                                                       2,431               669
                        Finance costs paid                                                                                          (22,457)           (21,699)
                        Income tax paid                                                                                             (41,266)           (43,177)
                        Net cash flows from operating activities                                                 5(c)               302,615            90,254




For personal use only
                        Cash flows from investing activities
                        Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                   8               (24,925)           (20,479)
                        Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                                            257                 44
                        Development of intangible assets                                                            9               (37,194)           (32,764)
                        Acquisition of subsidiary, net of cash acquired                                         21(a)                      -           (79,647)
                        Net cash (used in) investing activities                                                                     (61,862)         (132,846)

                        Cash flows from financing activities
                        Proceeds from borrowings                                                                 5(b)               202,036           399,471
                        Repayment of borrowings                                                                  5(b)           (322,722)            (387,212)
                        Equity dividends paid                                                                   12(a)               (45,180)           (42,834)
                        Principal elements of lease payments                                                      10                (20,547)           (18,303)
                        Net cash (used in) financing activities                                                                 (186,413)              (48,878)

                        Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                       54,340            (91,470)

                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year                                             84,155           168,256
                        Net foreign exchange difference                                                                                (723)            7,369

                        Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                                    5               137,772            84,155

                        The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




               62 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024

                             Key numbers
                         1   Summary of material accounting policies
                         2   Operating segments
                         3   Revenue and expenses
                         4   Income tax
                         5   Cash and cash equivalents
                         6   Receivables, payables and provisions
                         7   Inventories
                         8   Property, plant and equipment (PPE)
                         9   Non-current assets - intangible assets




For personal use only
                        10   Leases
                        11   Impairment testing of goodwill and intangibles with indefinite lives

                             Capital management
                        12   Dividends
                        13   Earnings per share
                        14   Issued capital and reserves
                        15   Borrowings
                        16   Financial risk management
                        17   Interests in other entities
                        18   Parent entity information

                             Further details
                        19   Share-based payments
                        20   Related party transactions
                        21   Business combination
                        22   Auditor’s remuneration
                        23   Contingencies
                        24   Events occurring after the reporting period
                        25   Other accounting policies




                                                                                                    Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 63
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Key numbers
                                                                                                Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which
                                                                                                control is obtained by the Group and cease to be consolidated
                                                                                                from the date on which control is transferred out of the Group.
                        Note 1. Summary of material accounting                                  The acquisition of subsidiaries is accounted for using the
                                                                                                purchase method of accounting. The purchase method
                        policies                                                                of accounting involves allocating the cost of the business
                                                                                                combination to the fair value of assets acquired and the
                        Breville Group Limited is a for profit company limited by shares
                                                                                                liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed at the date of
                        incorporated in Australia. Breville Group Limited shares are
                                                                                                acquisition.
                        quoted on the Australian Securities Exchange.
                        This financial report covers the consolidated entity comprising
                        Breville Group Limited and its subsidiaries (Company or Group).
                                                                                                (d) Business combinations
                        A description of the Group’s operations and of its principal            The excess of the consideration transferred and the amount of
                        activities is included in the operating and financial review in the     any non-controlling interest in the acquiree over the fair value of
                        Directors’ Report on pages 13 to 30. The Directors' Report is           the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If
                        unaudited (except for the Remuneration Report) and does not             those amounts are less than the fair value of the net identifiable
                        form part of the financial report.                                      assets of the subsidiary acquired and the measurement of
                                                                                                all amounts has been reviewed, the difference is recognised




For personal use only
                        (a) Basis of preparation                                                directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase. Further details
                                                                                                are provided in note 21.
                        The financial report is a general-purpose financial report, which
                        has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the
                        Corporations Act 2001 and Australian Accounting Standards.
                                                                                                (e) Foreign currency translation
                        The financial report has also been prepared on a historical cost        (i) Functional and presentation currency
                        basis, except for derivative financial instruments which have
                                                                                                Items included in the consolidated financial statements of each
                        been measured at fair value.
                                                                                                of the Group's entities are presented in Australian dollars ($),
                        The financial report is presented in Australian dollars and all         which is Breville Group Limited's functional and presentation
                        values are rounded to the nearest thousand dollars ($'000)              currency.
                        unless otherwise stated under the option available to the
                        company under ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial /                (ii) Transactions and balances
                        Directors Reports) Instrument 2016 / 191. The Company is an             Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional
                        entity to which the class order applies.                                currency using the exchange rates at the dates of the
                        Where necessary, comparatives have been reclassified and                transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from
                        repositioned for consistency with current year disclosures.             the settlement of such transactions and from the translation
                                                                                                of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
                                                                                                currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognised
                        (b) Compliance with IFRS                                                in profit or loss. They are deferred in equity if they relate to
                        The financial report complies with Australian Accounting                qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net investment
                        Standards as issued by the Australian Accounting Standards              hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a
                        Board and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as         foreign operation.
                        issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.
                                                                                                (f) Significant accounting judgements, estimates
                        (c) Basis of consolidation                                              and assumptions
                        The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial            The carrying amounts of certain assets and liabilities are often
                        statements of Breville Group Limited and its subsidiaries as at         determined based on estimates and assumptions of future
                        30 June each year.                                                      events. The key estimates and assumptions that have a
                        Subsidiaries are all those entities over which the Group                significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
                        has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group                amounts of certain assets and liabilities within the next annual
                        is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its              reporting period are:
                        involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those
                                                                                                Impairment of goodwill and intangibles with indefinite
                        returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. The
                        existence and effect of potential voting rights that are currently      useful lives
                        exercisable or convertible are considered when assessing                The Group determines whether goodwill and intangibles with
                        whether the Group controls another entity.                              indefinite useful lives are impaired at least on an annual basis.
                        The financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared for the           This requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the
                        same reporting period, using consistent accounting policies. In         cash generating units to which the goodwill and intangibles with
                        preparing the consolidated financial statements, all inter-Group        indefinite useful lives are allocated. The assumptions used in
                        balances and transactions, income and expenses and profit               this estimation of recoverable amount and the carrying amount
                        and loss resulting from intra-Group transactions have been              of goodwill and intangibles with indefinite useful lives are
                        eliminated in full.                                                     discussed in note 11.




               64 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 1. Summary of material accounting                              Warranty and faulty goods
                        policies continued                                                  Provision for warranty and faulty goods is recognised at the
                                                                                            date of sale of the relevant products, at the Group’s best
                        Share-based payment transactions                                    estimate of the expenditure required to settle the Group’s
                                                                                            liability. Factors that could impact the estimated claim
                        The Group measures the cost of equity-settled transactions          information include the success of the Group’s quality initiatives,
                        with employees by reference to the fair value of the equity         and allowable returns in agreed terms with retailers, as well
                        instruments at the date at which they are granted. The fair value   as parts and labour costs. The related carrying amounts are
                        of the equity-settled performance rights granted is estimated       disclosed in note 6.
                        as of the date of grant using a Monte-Carlo simulation model
                        or Black Scholes option-pricing model, taking into account the      Allowance for uncollectible receivables
                        terms and conditions upon which the performance rights were
                                                                                            Estimation is required to assess the risk of probability weighted
                        granted. These assumptions are detailed in note 19.
                                                                                            outcomes in determining an adequate level of provisions for
                        Taxes                                                               uncollectible receivables. As required by accounting standards
                                                                                            the Group considers past, current and future economic
                        Uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation of complex   conditions. The Group uses a matrix based approach and
                        tax regulations, changes in tax laws, and the amount and timing     groups its customers into different risk portfolios when
                        of future taxable income. Given the wide range of international     measuring its expected credit losses.




For personal use only
                        business relationships and the long-term nature and complexity
                        of existing contractual agreements, differences arising between
                        the actual results and the assumptions made, or future changes      (g) Notes to the financial statements
                        to such assumptions, could necessitate future adjustments to        Notes relating to individual line items in the financial statements
                        tax income and expense already recorded.                            include accounting policy information where it is considered
                        The Group establishes provisions, based on reasonable               relevant to an understanding of these items. Details of the
                        estimates, for possible consequences of audits by the tax           impact of new accounting policies and all other accounting
                        authorities of the respective countries in which it operates. The   policy information are disclosed in note 25 of the financial
                        amount of such provisions is based on various factors, such as      report.
                        experience of previous tax audits and differing interpretations
                        of tax regulations by the taxable entity and the responsible
                        tax authority. Such differences of interpretation may arise on a
                                                                                            Note 2. Operating segments
                        wide variety of issues depending on the conditions prevailing
                                                                                            The Group has identified its operating segments in line with
                        in the respective Group Company’s domicile. As the Company
                                                                                            AASB 8 Operating Segments based on the internal reports
                        assesses the probability for litigation and subsequent cash
                                                                                            that are reviewed by the chief operating decision makers
                        outflow with respect to taxes as remote, no contingent liability
                                                                                            (Chief Executive Officer and Board of Directors) in assessing
                        has been recognised.
                                                                                            performance and in determining the allocation of resources. The
                        The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development          Group’s external reporting segments are ‘Global Product’ and
                        (OECD) / G20 Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit         ‘Distribution’.
                        Shifting (BEPS) published the Pillar Two model rules. These
                                                                                            ‘Global Product’ sells premium products designed and
                        are aimed at ensuring that large corporate groups are subject
                                                                                            developed by BRG, which are sold globally. Products may
                        to a minimum taxation at a 15 percent rate in each jurisdiction
                                                                                            be sold directly or through 3rd parties, and may be branded
                        where they operate. The Group is in the scope of the Pillar
                                                                                            Breville®, Sage®, Baratza®, LELIT® or carry a 3rd party brand.
                        Two Model Rules and has adopted the amendments to IAS
                                                                                            ‘Distribution’ sells products that are designed and developed
                        12. It is unclear if the Pillar Two model rules create additional
                                                                                            by a 3rd party. BRG distributes these products pursuant to a
                        temporary differences, whether to remeasure deferred taxes for
                                                                                            license or distribution agreement, or they are sourced directly
                        the Pillar Two model rules and which tax rate to use to measure
                                                                                            from manufacturers. Products in this business unit may be sold
                        deferred taxes. In response to this uncertainty, on 23 May 2023
                                                                                            under a brand owned by the Group (e.g. Breville®, Kambrook®),
                        and 27 June 2023, respectively, the IASB and AASB issued
                                                                                            or they may be distributed under a 3rd party brand.
                        amendments to IAS 12 ‘Income taxes’ introducing a mandatory
                        temporary exception to the requirements of IAS 12 under which
                        a company does not recognize or disclose information about
                        deferred tax assets and liabilities related to the proposed OECD
                        / G20 BEPS Pillar Two model rules. The Group applied the
                        temporary exemption at 30 June 2024.




                                                                                                                       Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 65
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Note 2. Operating segments continued
                        (a) Segment results
                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                30 June 2024                               30 June 2023
                        Consolidated 2024                            Global                                     Global
                                                                    Product     Distribution        Total      Product       Distribution           Total
                                                                      $’000            $’000       $’000         $’000             $’000           $’000
                        Segment revenue                           1,336,031         193,962     1,529,993    1,279,224          199,330        1,478,554

                        Cost of sales                              (832,966)        (140,089)    (973,055)    (808,656)        (152,956)        (961,612)
                        Gross Profit                                503,065          53,873      556,938      470,568            46,374         516,942

                        GM%                                             37.7%         27.8%        36.4%          36.8%          23.3%            35.0%




For personal use only
                        Total Overhead expenses                             -              -     (371,225)            -                 -       (344,921)
                        EBIT                                                                     185,713                                        172,021
                        Finance income                                                            (22,457)                                       (21,699)
                        Finance costs                                                               2,431                                            669
                        Profit before income tax                                                 165,687                                        150,991

                        (b) Segment revenue
                                                                                                                             Consolidated
                                                                                                                    30 June 2024            30 June 2023
                                                                                                                           $’000                   $’000
                        Global Product
                        Americas                                                                                           735,454              701,232
                        EMEA                                                                                               325,219              285,774
                        APAC                                                                                               275,358              292,218
                        Total Global Product revenue                                                                      1,336,031            1,279,224

                        Distribution: Revenue generated from USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.

                        Note 3. Revenue and expenses
                                                                                                                             Consolidated
                                                                                                                    30 June 2024            30 June 2023
                                                                                                                           $’000                   $’000

                        (a) Revenue
                        Sale of goods                                                                                     1,529,993            1,478,554
                        Total revenue                                                                                     1,529,993            1,478,554

                        (b) Cost of sales
                        Costs of inventories recognised as an expense                                                      866,831              856,637
                        Costs of delivering goods to customers                                                              56,550               60,478
                        Warranty expense                                                                                    49,674               44,497
                        Total cost of sales                                                                                973,055              961,612




               66 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 3. Revenue and expenses continued
                                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                                              30 June 2024          30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                     $’000                 $’000

                        (c) Depreciation and amortisation expense
                        Depreciation - right-of-use assets                                                                            21,915               18,239
                        Depreciation - property, plant and equipment (excl. production tools)                                          7,151                6,550
                        Depreciation - production tools                                                                                7,578                4,073
                        Amortisation - computer software                                                                               2,453                1,065
                        Amortisation - development costs                                                                              19,970               15,464
                        Amortisation - customer relationships                                                                            718                  751
                        Total depreciation and amortisation expense                                                                   59,785               46,142

                        (d) Other expenses




For personal use only
                        Net foreign exchange (gain)                                                                                   (2,087)                 (698)
                        Other product related costs                                                                                    8,835                9,717
                        Information technology costs                                                                                  19,778               19,074
                        Professional and administration costs                                                                          8,455                7,023
                        Other                                                                                                         11,770               14,984
                        Total other expenses                                                                                          46,751               50,100

                        (e) Employee benefits expenses
                        Wages and salaries, leave and other employee related benefits                                               151,610              151,512
                        Short term incentives                                                                                         20,049               10,447
                        Defined contribution plan expense                                                                              9,901                9,187
                        Share-based payments expense                                                                                  14,966               11,920
                        Total employee benefits expenses                                                                            196,526              183,066

                        (f) Finance costs / income
                        Finance costs paid or payable on borrowings and bank overdrafts:
                        Interest and borrowing costs                                                                                  17,927               17,559
                        Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                  4,530                4,140
                        Finance costs                                                                                                 22,457               21,699
                        Finance income                                                                                                (2,431)                 (669)
                        Total net finance costs                                                                                       20,026               21,030

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Sale of goods
                        Revenue from Contracts with Customers is recognised at a point in time when the performance obligation of transferring goods to
                        the buyer has been satisfied and the transaction price can be measured. Goods are considered transferred to the buyer when the
                        buyer obtains control of those goods, which is at the earlier of delivery of the goods or the transfer of legal title to the buyer. Revenue
                        is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of returns, allowances, trade discounts and volume
                        rebates.

                        Finance costs / income
                        Borrowing costs are recognised as an expense when incurred. Revenue is recognised as interest accrues using the effective interest
                        method. This is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset and allocating the interest income over the relevant
                        period using the effective interest, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of
                        the financial asset to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.




                                                                                                                           Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 67
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Note 4. Income tax
                                                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                                                          30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                 $’000                $’000

                        The major components of income tax expense are:

                        Income statement
                        Current income tax
                        Current income tax charge                                                                                46,402                 40,940
                        Adjustments in respect of current income tax of previous years                                            (3,788)               (2,001)
                        Deferred income tax
                        Relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences                                         1,828                  2,076
                        Adjustments in respect of deferred income tax of previous years                                           2,738                   (232)




For personal use only
                        Total income tax expense reported in the income statement                                                 47,180                40,783

                        Deferred income tax related to items charged or credited directly to other
                        comprehensive income
                        Employee equity benefits reserve                                                                          (4,607)                 (897)
                        Net (loss) / gain on revaluation of cash flow hedges                                                      (2,711)               (3,266)
                        Income tax (benefit) / expense reported in other comprehensive income                                     (7,318)               (4,163)

                        A reconciliation between tax expense and the product of accounting profit before income tax multiplied by the parent entity’s
                        applicable income tax rate is as follows:

                                                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                                                          30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                 $’000                $’000

                        Profit before income tax                                                                                165,687             150,991
                        Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30.0% (2023 - 30.0%)                                                   49,706                 45,297
                        Adjustments in respect of income tax of previous years                                                    (1,050)               (2,233)
                        Effect of different rates of tax on overseas income                                                       (1,657)               (1,368)
                        Expenditure not allowable for income tax purposes                                                          2,711                 1,363
                        Share Based Payments                                                                                      (4,455)               (3,638)
                        Other                                                                                                      1,925                 1,362

                        Income tax expense reported in the income statement                                                       47,180                40,783




               68 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 4. Income tax continued
                                                                                                            Consolidated
                                                                                                    Statement of financial position
                                                                                                     30 June 2024      30 June 2023
                                                                                                            $’000             $’000

                        Deferred income tax
                        Deferred income tax at 30 June relates to the following:

                        Deferred tax assets
                        Losses available for offset against future taxable income                            2,016             2,044
                        Provisions and accruals                                                             26,995            26,376
                        Employee benefits                                                                   10,755             8,048
                        Inventory                                                                            1,129               771




For personal use only
                        Employee equity benefits reserve                                                    12,439             7,832
                        Leases                                                                               1,514             1,668
                        Other                                                                                1,909             3,211
                        Gross deferred income tax assets                                                    56,757            49,950

                        Set-off of deferred tax assets pursuant to set-off provisions                      (27,516)          (20,838)
                        Deferred tax assets                                                                 29,241            29,112

                        Deferred tax liabilities
                        Brand names                                                                         11,335            12,720
                        Development costs and production tools                                              18,419            19,082
                        Other intangibles                                                                    8,449             5,887
                        Other                                                                                1,250               194
                        Cash flow hedge reserve                                                              1,051             3,762
                        Accelerated depreciation for tax purposes                                            6,425             1,348
                        Gross deferred income tax liabilities                                               46,929            42,993

                        Set-off of deferred tax liabilities pursuant to set-off provisions                 (27,516)          (20,838)
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                            19,413            22,155

                        Net deferred income tax assets                                                       9,828             6,957
                                                                                                            Consolidated
                                                                                                     30 June 2024      30 June 2023
                                                                                             Note           $’000             $’000
                        Movement
                        Opening Balance                                                                      6,957            13,579
                        Credit / (Debit) to income statement                                                (4,566)           (1,844)
                        Credit / (Debit) to equity                                                           7,318              4,163
                        Acquisition of Lelit Srl                                              21                  -           (7,003)
                        FX                                                                                      119           (1,938)
                        Closing Balance                                                                      9,828             6,957

                        Current income tax
                        Current tax receivables                                                              6,930             4,366
                        Current tax liabilities                                                              9,376             6,285




                                                                                               Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 69
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Note 4. Income tax continued
                        At 30 June 2024, there is no recognised or unrecognised deferred income tax liability (2023: $nil) for taxes that would be payable on
                        the unremitted earnings of certain of the Group’s subsidiaries, as the Group has no current intention of distributing existing retained
                        earnings in jurisdictions where liability for additional taxation exists should such amounts be remitted.
                        Pillar Two legislation has been enacted or substantively enacted in certain jurisdictions the Group operates. The legislation will
                        be effective for the Group’s financial year beginning 1 July 2024. The Group is in scope of the enacted or substantively enacted
                        legislation and has performed an assessment of the Group’s potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes. The assessment of the
                        potential exposure to Pillar Two income taxes is based on the most recent tax filings, country-by-country reporting and financial
                        statements for the constituent entities in the Group. Based on the assessment, the Pillar Two effective tax rates in most of the
                        jurisdictions in which the Group operates are above 15%. However, there are a limited number of jurisdictions where the transitional
                        safe harbour relief may not apply and the Pillar Two effective tax rate is close to 15%. The Group does not expect a material
                        exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in those jurisdictions.

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Current tax
                        Current tax assets and liabilities for the current and prior periods are measured at the amounts expected to be recovered from or




For personal use only
                        paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively
                        enacted by the balance sheet date.

                        Deferred tax
                        Deferred income tax is provided on all temporary differences between the tax bases of assets / liabilities and their carrying amounts
                        at balance sheet date for financial reporting purposes.
                        Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences except:
                        •   when the deferred income tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in a transaction that is
                            not a business combination and that, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss;
                            or
                        •   when the taxable temporary difference is associated with investments in subsidiaries and the timing of the reversal of the
                            temporary difference can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
                        Deferred income tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry-forward of unused tax assets and unused
                        tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and
                        the carry-forward of unused tax assets and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:
                        •   when the deferred income tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset
                            or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting
                            nor taxable profit or loss; or
                        •   when the deductible temporary difference is associated with investments in subsidiaries in which case a deferred tax asset is only
                            recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary difference will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit
                            will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
                        The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent that it is no
                        longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilised.
                        Unrecognised deferred income tax assets are reassessed at each balance sheet date and are recognised to the extent that it has
                        become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
                        Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year when the asset is
                        realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the balance
                        sheet date.
                        Income taxes in relation to items recognised directly in equity are recognised in equity and not in the income statement.
                        Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset only if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets against
                        current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority.

                        Tax consolidation legislation
                        Breville Group Limited and its wholly-owned Australian resident controlled entities (excluding the Breville Group Performance Share
                        Plan Trust) have implemented the tax consolidated legislation as of 1 July 2003.
                        Breville Group Limited is the head entity of the tax consolidated Group. For further information, refer to note 18.




               70 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 5. Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                           30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                  $’000                $’000

                        Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                  137,772              84,155

                        Notes:
                        - At 30 June 2024, the Group had available $184,200,000 (2023: $266,771,000) of undrawn committed and uncommitted
                          borrowing and overdraft facilities in respect of which all conditions precedent had been met (see note 15).
                        - The fair value of cash and cash equivalents is $137,772,000 (2023: $84,155,000).

                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 137,772              84,155
                        Borrowings - Current                                                                                       (2,735)              (3,245)
                        Borrowings - Non-current                                                                                  (81,431)           (202,200)




For personal use only
                        Net cash / (debt)                                                                                         53,606             (121,290)

                        (a) Disclosure of financing facilities
                        Refer to note 15.

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet comprise cash at bank and on hand and short-term deposits with an original
                        maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk
                        of changes in value.
                        For the purposes of the consolidated cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash equivalents as
                        defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts.


                        (b) Net debt reconciliation
                        This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the years presented.

                        Consolidated                                                                   Cash $’000 Borrowings $’000                Total $’000

                        Net debt as at 1 July 2022                                                         168,256               (172,349)              (4,093)
                        Cash flows                                                                          (91,470)              (12,259)           (103,729)
                        On Acquisition of Lelit Srl                                                           3,289               (12,349)              (9,060)
                        Foreign exchange adjustments                                                          4,080                (8,488)              (4,408)
                        Net (debt) / cash as at 30 June 2023                                                84,155              (205,445)            (121,290)

                        Cash flows                                                                          55,060               120,686              175,746
                        Foreign exchange adjustments                                                         (1,443)                  593                 (850)
                        Net (debt) / cash as at 30 June 2024                                               137,772                (84,166)             53,606




                                                                                                                        Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 71
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Note 5. Cash and cash equivalents continued
                        (c) Reconciliation of net profit after tax for the year to net cash flows from operating activities
                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                               30 June 2024    30 June 2023
                                                                                                                      $’000           $’000
                        Profit for the year                                                                         118,507         110,208
                        Non-cash adjustments:
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                                59,785          46,142
                        Share-based payments                                                                         14,966          11,920
                        Other                                                                                            23            304
                        Net exchange differences                                                                       (922)         (2,375)
                        Changes in assets and liabilities:




For personal use only
                        Decrease / (increase) in:
                           Trade receivables, prepayments and other receivables                                        132          (81,631)
                           Inventories                                                                              102,879          62,366
                           Other current assets                                                                      (2,765)         (1,142)
                           Non-current assets                                                                         2,296         (12,616)
                        (Decrease) / increase in:
                           Current liabilities                                                                       10,425         (44,617)
                           Non-current liabilities                                                                   (2,711)          1,695
                        Net cash from operating activities                                                          302,615          90,254




                        Note 6. Receivables, payables and provisions
                        Trade and other receivables

                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                               30 June 2024    30 June 2023
                                                                                                                      $’000           $’000

                        Current assets
                        Trade receivables from contracts with customers                                             255,810         253,216
                        Allowance for uncollectible receivables                                                      (9,709)         (9,609)
                        Trade receivables, net                                                                      246,101         243,607

                        Prepayments and Other receivables                                                            35,916          33,146
                        Total current trade receivables, prepayments and other receivables                          282,017         276,753

                        Notes:
                        (a) Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on 30-60 day terms.




               72 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 6. Receivables, payables and provisions continued
                        Trade and other receivables continued

                                                                                                                            Consolidated
                                                                                                                               30 June 2024
                        Allowance for uncollectible receivables                                                                       $’000
                        Carrying amount at the beginning of the year:                                                                    9,609
                        Provision                                                                                                          440
                        Utilised                                                                                                           (41)
                        Net exchange differences                                                                                          (299)
                        Carrying amount at the end of the year:                                                                          9,709

                        At 30 June 2024 an ageing analysis of those trade receivables (net of allowance for uncollected receivables) are as follows:
                                                                                                                                         Consolidated




For personal use only
                                                                                                                               30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                      $’000                $’000
                        Current                                                                                                      241,857             235,866
                        31 – 60 days overdue                                                                                             2,606              3,987
                        61+ days overdue                                                                                                 1,638              3,754
                        Trade receivables, net                                                                                       246,101             243,607

                        Trade receivables (net) past due, but not impaired, amount to $4,244,000 (2023: $7,741,000). In all instances each operating unit
                        has been in contact with the relevant debtor and is satisfied that payment will be received in full or has been provided for.

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Trade receivables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost. Bad debts are written off when
                        incurred. An allowance for uncollectible, or doubtful, receivables is calculated on a probability weighted measure of expected credit
                        losses using historic, present and future economic conditions. The carrying value and estimated net fair values of the trade and other
                        receivables is assumed to approximate their fair value, being the amount at which the asset could be exchanged between willing
                        parties.
                        Details regarding the effective interest rate and credit risk of current receivables are disclosed in note 16.


                        Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                                         Consolidated
                                                                                                                               30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                      $’000                $’000

                        Current
                        Trade and other payables – unsecured                                                                         273,269              261,336
                        Total current trade and other payables                                                                       273,269              261,336

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Current trade and other payables are carried at amortised cost. Trade payables represent liabilities for goods and services provided
                        to the Group prior to the end of the year, including customer rebates, that are unpaid and arise when the Group becomes obliged
                        to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and services. The amounts are unsecured, non-interest bearing
                        and are usually settled on 30 day terms. The carrying value and estimated net fair values of the trade and other payables is assumed
                        to approximate their fair value, being the amount at which the liability could be settled in a current transaction between willing parties.
                        Details regarding interest rate, foreign exchange and liquidity risk exposure are disclosed in note 16.




                                                                                                                            Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 73
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Note 6. Receivables, payables and provisions continued
                                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                                                30 June 2024        30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                       $’000               $’000

                        Provisions

                        Current
                        Warranty and faulty goods                                                                                     15,238                14,932
                        Employee benefits – annual leave                                                                              11,304                10,982
                        Employee benefits – long service leave                                                                          3,795                3,785
                        Total current provisions                                                                                      30,337                29,699

                        Non-current




For personal use only
                        Employee benefits – long service leave                                                                          4,272                3,794
                        Total non-current provisions                                                                                    4,272                3,794




                        (a) Movement in provisions

                                                                                                                Employee            Employee
                                                                                         Warranty and           benefits -           benefits -
                        Consolidated
                                                                                          faulty goods        annual leave        long service                Total
                                                                                                  $’000              $’000               $’000               $’000
                        Carrying amount at the beginning of the year:
                        Current                                                                  14,932             10,982                3,785             29,699
                        Non-current                                                                    -                   -              3,794              3,794
                        Total                                                                    14,932             10,982                7,579             33,493

                        Movement in provisions during the year:
                        Amounts utilised during the year                                        (50,082)             (8,150)               (713)           (58,945)
                        Additional provisions made in the year                                   49,674               8,550               1,231             59,455
                        Net exchange differences                                                    714                  (78)               (30)               606
                        Net movement                                                                306                 322                 488              1,116

                        Carrying amount at the end of the year:
                        Current                                                                  15,238              11,304               3,795             30,337
                        Non-current                                                                    -                   -              4,272              4,272
                        Total                                                                    15,238              11,304               8,067             34,609

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that
                        an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of
                        the amount of the obligation.
                        Where the Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, for example under an insurance contract, the reimbursement
                        is recognised as a separate asset but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain. The expense relating to any provision is
                        presented in the income statement net of any reimbursement.
                        Provisions are measured as the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present
                        obligation at the balance sheet date. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are discounted using a current
                        pre-tax rate that reflects the risks specific to the liability. Where discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the passage
                        of time is recognised as a finance cost.




               74 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 6. Receivables, payables and provisions continued
                        Provisions continued
                        (a) Movement in provisions continued
                        Warranties and faulty goods
                        Provisions for warranty and faulty goods are recognised at the date of sale of the relevant products. A provision for warranty and
                        faulty goods represents the present value of the best estimate of the future sacrifice of economic benefits expected that will be
                        required for warranty and faulty goods claims on products sold. This estimate is based on the historical trends experienced on the
                        level of repairs and returns. Assumptions used to calculate the provision for warranty and faulty goods were based on the level of
                        warranty and faulty goods claims experienced during the last year.

                        Employee benefits - annual leave
                        Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, annual leave and accumulating sick leave expected to be settled
                        within 12 months of the reporting date are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to the reporting date. They are measured
                        at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. Liabilities for non-accumulating sick leave are recognised when
                        the leave is taken and are measured at the rates paid or payable.




For personal use only
                        Contributions to the defined contribution fund are recognised as an expense as they become payable.

                        Employee benefits – long service
                        The provision for employee benefits represents the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services
                        provided by employees up to the reporting date. Consideration is given to the expected future wage and salary levels, experience
                        of employee departures and periods of service. Expected future payments are discounted using appropriate market yields at the
                        reporting date to estimate the future cash outflows.


                        Note 7. Inventories
                                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                                            30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                   $’000                $’000

                        Current assets
                        Finished goods and materials                                                                              291,367              420,432
                        Stock in transit                                                                                           41,423               19,201
                        Total inventories                                                                                         332,790              439,633

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of inventories comprises all costs of purchase, costs of
                        conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. This includes the transfer from
                        equity of gains and losses on cash flow hedges of purchases of finished goods. Costs are assigned to individual items of inventory
                        on a weighted average cost basis.
                        Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs necessary to make the sale.




                                                                                                                         Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 75
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Note 8. Property, plant and equipment (PPE)
                                                                                PPE (excl.
                                                                               Production     Production
                        Consolidated 2024                                           tools          tools      Total
                                                                      Notes         $’000          $’000     $’000

                        At the beginning of the year
                        Cost or fair value                                         64,179         56,810    120,989
                        Accumulated depreciation                                   (44,012)      (23,211)   (67,223)
                        Net carrying amount                                        20,167         33,599     53,766

                        Reconciliation of the carrying amount:
                        Carrying amount at the beginning of year                   20,167         33,599     53,766
                        Additions                                                  11,226         13,699     24,925
                        Disposals                                                    (259)           (21)      (280)




For personal use only
                        Depreciation charge                             3(c)        (7,151)       (7,578)   (14,729)
                        Net exchange difference                                      (824)             -       (824)
                        Carrying amount at the end of year                         23,159         39,699     62,858

                        At the end of the year
                        Cost or fair value                                         73,700         70,474    144,174
                        Accumulated depreciation and impairment                   (50,541)       (30,775)   (81,316)
                        Net carrying amount                                        23,159         39,699     62,858


                                                                                PPE (excl.
                                                                               Production     Production
                        Consolidated 2023                                           tools          tools      Total
                                                                      Notes         $’000          $’000     $’000

                        At the beginning of the year
                        Cost or fair value                                         40,450         56,607     97,057
                        Accumulated depreciation                                   (31,010)      (32,570)   (63,580)
                        Net carrying amount                                         9,440         24,037     33,477

                        Reconciliation of the carrying amount:
                        Carrying amount at the beginning of year                    9,440         24,037     33,477
                        Additions                                                   8,258         12,221     20,479
                        Additions from acquisition of Lelit Srl          21         8,002              -      8,002
                        Disposals                                                     (157)            -       (157)
                        Depreciation charge                             3(c)        (6,550)       (4,073)   (10,623)
                        Net exchange difference                                     1,174          1,414      2,588
                        Carrying amount at the end of year                         20,167         33,599     53,766

                        At the end of the year
                        Cost or fair value                                         64,179         56,810    120,989
                        Accumulated depreciation and impairment                    (44,012)      (23,211)   (67,223)
                        Net carrying amount                                        20,167         33,599     53,766




               76 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 8. Property, plant and equipment (PPE) continued
                        A summary of the policies applied to the Group's property, plant and equipment is as follows:


                        (a) PPE (excl. Production tools)
                        Internally generated /    Acquired
                        Acquired
                        Recognition               PPE (excl. Production tools) is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated
                                                  impairment losses. The assets’ residual values, useful lives and depreciation methods are reviewed, and
                                                  adjusted if appropriate, at each year end. An item of PPE (excl. Production tools) is derecognised upon
                                                  disposal or when no further future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or
                                                  loss arising on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds
                                                  and the carrying amount of the asset at the time of derecognition) is included in the income statement in
                                                  the year in which they arise.
                        Useful lives              Finite
                        Depreciation method       Depreciation on plant and equipment (excl. production tools) is calculated on a straight-line basis over
                                                  the estimated useful life of between 2 and 10 years. Depreciation on property is calculated on a straight-




For personal use only
                                                  line basis over the estimated useful life or in line with local tax regulations. The depreciation method is
                                                  reviewed at each year end.
                        Impairment test           When an indication of impairment exists, an impairment loss is recognised to the extent that the
                                                  recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount.
                        (b) Production tools
                        Internally generated /    Acquired
                        Acquired
                        Recognition               Production tools are manufacturing components including moulds, dies, jigs, gauges, cutting equipment
                                                  and patterns that are used in conjunction with manufacturing equipment. The tools are specified,
                                                  purchased and owned by BRG, although they are deployed in our manufacturing partners' plants.
                                                  Production tools are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment
                                                  losses. The assets’ residual values, useful lives and depreciation methods are reviewed, and adjusted
                                                  if appropriate, at each year end. An item of production tooling is derecognised upon disposal or when
                                                  no further future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on
                                                  derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
                                                  carrying amount of the asset at the time of derecognition) is included in the income statement in the year
                                                  in which they arise.
                        Useful lives              Finite
                        Depreciation method       Depreciation on production tools is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of
                                                  5 years. The depreciation method is reviewed at each year end.
                        Impairment test           When an indication of impairment exists, an impairment loss is recognised to the extent that the
                                                  recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount.




                                                                                                                        Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 77
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Note 9. Non-current assets - intangible assets
                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                           30 June 2024           30 June 2023
                                                                                                                  $’000                  $’000
                        Development costs                                                                            79,077               66,720
                        Computer software                                                                             7,205                5,059
                        Customer relationships                                                                          331                1,301
                        Goodwill & Brand Names                                                                   323,675                 325,948
                        Total intangible assets (net carrying amount)                                            410,288                 399,028



                                                                          Development      Computer     Customer     Goodwill &
                        Consolidated 2024                                        costs      software relationships Brand Names              Total
                                                                    Notes        $’000         $’000         $’000        $’000            $’000




For personal use only
                        At the beginning of the year
                        At cost (gross carrying amount)                        178,253         6,798        3,784             325,948    514,783
                        Accumulated amortisation and impairment                (111,533)      (1,739)       (2,483)                 -    (115,755)
                        Net carrying amount                                     66,720         5,059        1,301             325,948    399,028

                        Reconciliation of the carrying amount:
                        Carrying amount at the beginning of year                66,720         5,059        1,301             325,948    399,028
                        Additions                                               32,553         4,641             -                  -     37,194
                        Amortisation                                    3(c)    (19,970)      (2,453)         (718)                 -     (23,141)
                        Net exchange difference                                    (226)         (42)         (252)            (2,273)     (2,793)
                        Carrying amount at the end of year                      79,077         7,205          331             323,675    410,288

                        At the end of the year
                        At cost (gross carrying amount)                        210,337        11,181        3,715             323,675    548,908
                        Accumulated amortisation and impairment                (131,260)      (3,976)       (3,384)                 - (138,620)
                        Net carrying amount                                     79,077         7,205          331             323,675    410,288

                                                                          Development      Computer     Customer     Goodwill &
                        Consolidated 2023                                        costs      software relationships Brand Names               Total
                                                                    Notes        $’000         $’000         $’000        $’000             $’000

                        At the beginning of the year
                        At cost (gross carrying amount)                        148,850         2,244        1,835             184,402     337,331
                        Accumulated amortisation and impairment                 (94,277)        (573)       (1,434)                 -     (96,284)
                        Net carrying amount                                     54,573         1,671          401             184,402     241,047

                        Reconciliation of the carrying amount:
                        Carrying amount at the beginning of year                54,573         1,671          401             184,402     241,047
                        Additions                                               28,514         4,250             -                  -      32,764
                        Additions from acquisition of Lelit Srl         21           34         241          1,296            129,933     131,504
                        Disposals                                                   (15)         (66)             -                 -          (81)
                        Amortisation                                    3(c)    (15,464)      (1,065)         (751)                 -     (17,280)
                        Net exchange difference                                    (922)          28          355              11,613      11,074
                        Carrying amount at the end of year                      66,720         5,059        1,301             325,948     399,028

                        At the end of the year
                        At cost (gross carrying amount)                        178,253         6,798        3,784             325,948     514,783
                        Accumulated amortisation and impairment                (111,533)      (1,739)       (2,483)                 -    (115,755)
                        Net carrying amount                                     66,720         5,059        1,301             325,948     399,028



               78 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 9. Non-current assets - intangible assets continued
                        A summary of the policies applied to the Group's intangible assets is as follows:
                        (a) Development costs
                        Internally generated /     Internally generated and acquired products and product platforms
                        Acquired
                        Recognition                Capitalised at cost and recognised only after the Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility and
                                                   commercial viability of the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale, its intention to
                                                   complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future economic benefits,
                                                   the availability of resources to complete the development and the ability to measure reliably the
                                                   expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development. Following the initial recognition
                                                   of the development expenditure, the cost model is applied requiring the asset to be carried at cost less
                                                   any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Research costs are expensed as
                                                   incurred. Therefore in practice a project is only capitalised when it becomes feasible and meets the
                                                   development phase recognition criteria. All costs before this are expensed as incurred as deemed to be
                                                   in the research phase.
                        Useful lives               Finite




For personal use only
                        Amortisation method        Amortised straight-line over the period of expected future sales, 5 years, from the related launch date on
                                                   a straight-line basis. The amortisation method is reviewed at each year end.
                        Impairment test            Annually and more frequently when an indication of impairment exists. An impairment loss is recognised
                                                   to the extent that the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount.
                        (b) Computer software
                        Internally generated /     Internally generated and acquired software
                        Acquired
                        Recognition                Capitalised at cost
                        Useful lives               Finite
                        Amortisation method        Amortised over the useful life, not exceeding 7 years, on a straight-line basis. The amortisation method is
                                                   reviewed at each year end.
                        Impairment test            Annually and more frequently when an indication of impairment exists.
                        (c) Customer relationships
                        Internally generated /     Acquired customer relationships
                        Acquired
                        Recognition                Capitalised at cost or if acquired as part of a business combination at fair value at the date of acquisition
                        Useful lives               Finite
                        Amortisation method        Amortised over the useful life, not exceeding 10 years, on a straight-line basis. The amortisation method
                                                   is reviewed at each year end.
                        Impairment test            Annually and more frequently when an indication of impairment exists.
                        (d) Goodwill and brand names
                        Internally generated /     Acquired goodwill and brand names
                        Acquired
                        Recognition                Initially capitalised at cost, being the excess of the cost of the business combination over the Group’s
                                                   interest in the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities.
                                                   Capitalised at cost or if acquired as part of a business combination at fair value at the date of acquisition.
                                                   Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.
                        Useful lives               Indefinite
                        Amortisation method        No amortisation
                        Impairment test            Annually and more frequently when an indication of impairment exists.

                        The amortisation expense on intangible assets with finite lives is recognised in the consolidated income statement in the expense
                        category consistent with the function of the intangible asset.
                        Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds
                        and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in the consolidated income statement when the asset is derecognised.




                                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 79
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Note 10. Leases
                        This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee. The Group does not act as a lessor. BRG leases offices,
                        vehicles and several of its warehouses. While the warehouses are operated by a third parties, in some instances BRG has the right to
                        control use and therefore accounts for these contracts as leases.

                        a) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
                                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                           30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                                Note              $’000                $’000
                        Right-of-use assets
                        Buildings                                                                                                 65,076               69,484
                        Vehicles                                                                                                     355                  484
                        Total                                                                                 10(a)(i)            65,431               69,968




For personal use only
                        Lease liabilities
                        Current                                                                                                   22,020               19,777
                        Non-current                                                                                               49,797               55,272
                        Total                                                                                                     71,817               75,049

                        (i) Additions to the right-of-use assets during FY24 were $13,374,000 (FY23: $40,398,000). Other movements of $4,004,000 (FY23:
                        $3,153,000) includes foreign exchange differences.

                        b) Amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement
                                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                           30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                                Note              $’000                $’000
                        Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
                        Buildings                                                                                                 21,719               18,054
                        Vehicles                                                                                                     196                  185
                        Total                                                                                    3(c)             21,915               18,239

                        Finance expenses
                        Interest expense on lease liabilities (included in finance cost)                          3(f)             4,530                4,140

                        The total cash outflow in the consolidated statement of cash flows for leases during FY24 was $25,077,000 (FY23: $22,443,000).
                        This amount includes principal lease repayments of $20,547,000 plus interest expense on lease liabilities of $4,530,000 (FY23
                        principal lease repayments of $18,303,000 plus interest expense on lease liabilities of $4,140,000).

                        c) The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for
                        The Group leases various office buildings, third party warehouses and motor vehicles, with rental contracts typically spanning fixed
                        periods of 1 to 7 years, with some having options to extend.
                        Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration in the contract to the lease
                        and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices.
                        Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements
                        do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may
                        not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




               80 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 10. Leases continued
                        c) The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for continued
                        Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net present value
                        of the following lease payments:
                        •   fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable
                        •   variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement
                            date
                        •   amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees
                        •   the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and
                        •   payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising that option.
                        Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the liability.
                        The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily determined, which is
                        generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee
                        would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic




For personal use only
                        environment with similar terms, security and conditions.
                        To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:
                        •   where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point, adjusted to reflect changes
                            in financing conditions since third-party financing was received
                        •   uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held by Breville Group Limited,
                            which does not have recent third-party financing, and
                        •   makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.
                        Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period
                        so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.
                        Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
                        •   the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability
                        •   any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received
                        •   any initial direct costs, and
                        •   restoration costs.
                        Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. If
                        the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful
                        life.
                        Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases of low-value assets are recognised on a
                        straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less without a
                        purchase option. Low-value assets comprise IT equipment and small items of office furniture.




                                                                                                                            Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 81
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Note 11. Impairment testing of goodwill and intangibles with indefinite lives

                                                                                                                                        Consolidated
                                                                                                                                30 June 2024          30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                       $’000                 $’000
                        Global Product APAC
                        - Goodwill                                                                                                     70,715                   68,646
                        - Brand names with indefinite useful lives                                                                     13,800                   13,800
                        Global Product Americas
                        - Goodwill                                                                                                    173,707              178,804
                        Global Product EMEA
                        - Goodwill                                                                                                     10,649                   10,189
                        - Brand names with indefinite useful lives                                                                     28,920                   28,625




For personal use only
                        Distribution
                        - Goodwill                                                                                                       8,109                   8,109
                        - Brand names with indefinite useful lives                                                                      17,775                  17,775
                                                                                                                                      323,675              325,948
                        All cash generating units
                        - Goodwill                                                                                                    263,180              265,748
                        - Brand names with indefinite useful lives                                                                     60,495                   60,200
                        Total carrying amount of goodwill and brand names                                                             323,675              325,948

                        On a consistent basis, goodwill and brand names acquired through business combinations have been allocated to these CGU's
                        (cash generating units) or groups of CGU's for impairment testing as follows:
                        •   Global Product APAC
                        •   Global Product Americas
                        •   Global Product EMEA
                        •   Distribution
                        In all cases the recoverable amount of the individual CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow
                        projections based on financial budgets approved by the Board.
                        The pre-tax discount rates applied to cash flow projections are in the range of 10.6% to 12.1% (2023: of 10.9% to 11.7%),
                        depending on the CGU. This discount rate has been determined using the weighted average cost of capital which incorporates both
                        the cost of debt and the cost of capital. Cash flows are modelled upon budget year 2025. The next 4 years' growth rate is modelled
                        in a range of 2% to 15%. Thereafter using a terminal growth rate of 1% to 3% (2023: 2%).
                        Management has performed sensitivity testing by CGU, based on assessing the effect of changes in revenue growth rates as well as
                        discount rates. Management considers any reasonable likely combination of changes in these key assumptions would not result in
                        the carrying value of the goodwill or brand names exceeding the recoverable amount.

                        Key assumptions used in value in use calculations for the cash generating units for 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023
                        The key assumptions on which management has based its cash flow projections when determining the value in use of the cash
                        generating units are budgeted revenue and Gross Margin. The basis used to determine the value assigned to the budgeted revenue
                        and Gross Margin are based on past performance and expectations for the future.

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Intangible assets – goodwill
                        The useful life of an intangible asset with an indefinite life is reviewed each reporting period to determine whether indefinite life
                        assessment continues to be supportable.
                        For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination shall, from the acquisition date, be allocated to
                        each of the Group’s cash generating units, or groups of cash generating units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the
                        combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units. Each unit
                        or group of units to which the goodwill is so allocated represents the lowest level within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored
                        for internal management purposes.




               82 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 11. Impairment testing of goodwill and intangibles with indefinite lives continued
                        Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which the goodwill relates. When the
                        recoverable amount of a cash generating unit is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. When goodwill
                        forms part of a cash generating unit and an operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation
                        disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal of the operation.
                        Goodwill disposed of in this manner is measured based on the relative values of the operation disposed of and the portion of the
                        cash generating unit retained.
                        Impairment losses recognised for goodwill are not subsequently reversed.
                        Impairment of non-financial assets other than goodwill
                        Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for impairment, or more
                        frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment
                        whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is
                        recognised for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount.
                        Recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of assessing
                        impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows that are largely
                        independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash generating units). Non-financial assets other than




For personal use only
                        goodwill that suffered impairment are tested for possible reversal of the impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
                        indicate that the impairment may have reversed.




                        Capital management
                        Note 12. Dividends
                                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                                            30 June 2024          30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                   $’000                 $’000

                        (a) Dividends on ordinary shares declared and paid during the year:
                        Final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2023 of 15.50 cents per share, 100% franked
                        (2023: final dividend for 2022 of 15.00 cents per share, 100% franked)
                        Final fully franked dividend                                                                                22,231               21,417

                        Interim dividend for the year ending 30 June 2024 of 16.00 cents per share, 100% franked
                        (2023: interim dividend for 2023 of 15.00 cents per share, 100% franked)
                        Interim fully franked dividend                                                                              22,949               21,417

                        Total dividends declared and paid during the year of 31.50 cents per share, 100% franked
                        (2023: Total dividends of 30.00 cents per share, 100% franked)                                              45,180               42,834

                        (b) Dividends on ordinary shares proposed and not recognised as a liability:
                        Final fully franked dividend for 2024 of 17.00 cents per share, 100% franked (2023: final
                        franked dividend of 15.50 cents per share, 100% franked)                                                    24,383               22,131

                        (c) Franking credit balance
                        The amount of franking credits in the parent available for the subsequent year
                        are:
                        Franking credits available for subsequent reporting periods based on a tax rate of 30.0%
                        (2023 30.0%)                                                                                                36,499               39,413
                        Franking (debits) / credits that will arise from the payment of income tax (receivable) /
                        payable as at the end of the year                                                                            6,445                (1,751)
                        Franking debits that will be used on the payment of dividends subsequent to the end of
                        the financial year                                                                                         (10,450)               (9,517)
                        Total franking credit balance                                                                               32,494               28,145

                        The tax rate at which dividends are franked is 30.0% (2023: 30.0%).




                                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 83
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Note 13. Earnings per share
                        The following reflects the income and share data used in the basic and diluted earnings per share computations:
                        Earnings used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share:

                                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                                            30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                   $’000                $’000

                        Net profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of Breville Group Limited                               118,507             110,208


                        Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator
                                                                                                                                     2024                2023
                                                                                                                                  Number               Number
                                                                                                                                   '000's               '000's




For personal use only
                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares for basic and diluted earnings per share                       143,309              142,696

                        Weighted average number of exercised, forfeited or expired potential ordinary shares
                        included in diluted earnings per share                                                                    144,890              143,788

                                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                                            30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                  Cents                 Cents

                        (a) Basic earnings per share
                        From continuing operations attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company                        82.70                   77.20

                        (b) Diluted earnings per share
                        From continuing operations attributable to the ordinary equity holders of the company                        81.80                   76.60

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Basic earnings per share is calculated as net profit attributable to members of the parent, adjusted to exclude any costs of servicing
                        equity (other than dividends), divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares. Diluted earnings per share is calculated as
                        net profit or loss attributable to members of the parent, adjusted for:
                        •   cost of servicing equity (other than dividends);
                        •   the after tax effect of dividends and interest associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares that have been recognised as
                            expenses;
                        •   other non-discretionary changes in revenue or expenses during the period that would result from the dilution of potential ordinary
                            shares; and divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares and dilutive potential ordinary shares.


                        Note 14. Issued capital and reserves
                        Issued capital

                                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                                            30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                   $’000                $’000
                        Ordinary shares – authorised, issued and fully paid                                                       401,129              385,541
                        Ordinary shares – held by the Breville Group Employee Share Trust                                                 -                      -
                        Total contributed equity                                                                                  401,129              385,541




               84 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 14. Issued capital and reserves continued
                        Issued capital continued
                        Ordinary shares held by the Breville Group Employee Share Trust
                        Ordinary shares held by the Breville Group Employee Share Trust to fulfil its obligations under the Breville Group Limited Share Plan
                        are deducted from equity. No gain or loss is recognised in the consolidated income statement on the purchase of the Group’s equity
                        instruments by the Breville Group Employee Share Trust.
                        The ordinary shares held by the Breville Group Employee Share Trust, if any, are yet to be allocated to LTI or fixed deferred
                        remuneration participants. They will be allocated to participants once performance rights vest and they are exercised. The ordinary
                        shares held by the Breville Group Employee Share Trust, if any, have the right to receive dividends as declared and, in the event
                        of winding up the company, to participate in the proceeds from the sale of all surplus assets in proportion to the number of and
                        amounts paid up on shares held. The ordinary shares held by the Breville Group Employee Share Trust, if any, entitle their holder to
                        one vote, either in person or by proxy, at a meeting of the company. Details are provided in note 17(b) and note 19.

                        (a) Movements in ordinary shares:
                                                                                                 Consolidated                          Consolidated




For personal use only
                                                                                                 30 June 2024                          30 June 2023
                                                                                       Number of shares             $’000      Number of shares            $’000
                        Beginning of the year                                                 142,781,365         385,541           139,359,544         323,165

                        Movements during the year
                        Ordinary shares issued during the year for Performance
                        Rights Plan (LTI) and Fixed Deferred Remuneration Plan
                        (net of transaction costs) (i)                                             643,983         15,450                321,616           6,673
                        Ordinary shares issued during the year for non-executive
                        directors (NED)                                                              5,343             138                      -               -
                        Ordinary shares issued on acquisition of Lelit Srl
                        (net of transaction costs) (ii)                                                   -               -            3,100,205         55,703
                        End of the year                                                       143,430,691         401,129           142,781,365         385,541

                        (i) During the year the group issued 643,983 fully paid ordinary shares (2023: 321,616) of Breville Group Limited as a result of the
                            vesting of performance and fixed deferred remuneration rights issued under the Breville Group Limited Share Plan. The average
                            value attributable to these issued shares was $24.06 (2023: $20.80), as of the date of issue.
                        (ii) During the year the group issued 5,343 fully paid ordinary shares (2023: Nil) of Breville Group Limited to Non-Executive Directors
                             as a result of the vesting of rights issued under the NED Plan. The average value attributable to these issued shares was $25.91
                             as of the date of issue.

                        (b) Movements in ordinary shares held by the Breville Group Employee Share Trust:
                                                                                                 30 June 2024                          30 June 2023
                                                                                       Number of shares             $’000      Number of shares            $’000
                        Beginning of the year                                                             -               -                     -               -

                        Movements during the year
                        Ordinary shares transferred to participants of the Breville
                        Group Share Plan (i)                                                       621,056         14,940                292,978           6,093
                        Ordinary shares subscribed to / acquired by the Breville
                        Group Employee Share Trust during the year - cash (ii)                    (621,056)        (14,940)             (292,978)         (6,093)
                        End of the year                                                                   -               -                     -               -

                        (i)   During the year the Trustee of the Breville Group Employee Share Trust transferred 621,056 ordinary company shares (2023:
                              292,978) to participants to fulfill its obligations under the Breville Group Limited Share Plan.
                        (ii) During the year the Trustee of the Breville Group Employee Share Trust subscribed to 621,056 ordinary shares of Breville Group
                             Limited (2023: 292,978) in order to fulfill its obligations under the Breville Group Limited Share Plan. The average value placed on
                             these subscriptions was $24.06 (2023: $20.80). Details are provided in note 17(b) and note 19.




                                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 85
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Note 14. Issued capital and reserves continued
                        Issued capital continued
                        (c) Rights over ordinary shares:
                        The Company has a share-based payment rights scheme under which rights to subscribe for the Company's shares have been
                        granted to certain executives and other employees (refer note 19). At the end of the year there were 2,589,741 (2023: 2,408,673)
                        potential unissued ordinary shares in respect of rights that were outstanding.

                        Ordinary shares
                        Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in
                        equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

                                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                                            30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                   $’000                $’000




For personal use only
                        Reserves
                        Foreign currency translation                                                                                26,538              34,526
                        Employee equity benefits reserve                                                                              (175)              (4,128)
                        Cash flow hedges                                                                                             2,614                8,939
                        Total reserves                                                                                              28,977              39,337

                        Nature and purpose of reserves
                        Foreign currency translation reserve - This reserve is used to record exchange differences arising from the translation of the
                        financial statements of foreign subsidiaries.
                        Employee equity benefits reserve - This reserve is used to record the value of equity benefits provided to employees as part of
                        their remuneration. Refer to note for further details of these plans.
                        Cash flow hedge reserve - This reserve records the portion of the gain or loss on a hedging instrument in a cash flow hedge that is
                        determined to be an effective hedge.


                        Note 15. Borrowings
                                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                                            30 June 2024         30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                   $’000                $’000

                        Current
                        Borrowings                                                                                                 (2,735)               (3,245)
                        Total current borrowings                                                                                   (2,735)               (3,245)

                        Non-current
                        Borrowings                                                                                                (81,431)            (202,200)
                        Total non-current borrowings                                                                              (81,431)            (202,200)

                        Terms and conditions
                        The Group operates under one primary facility with Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited (ANZ) enabling all jurisdictions
                        to borrow under one global facility. The facility agreement has a number of financial covenants all of which have been fully complied
                        with as at the years ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023.
                        Breville Group Limited has issued corporate guarantees in favour of the local bank (HSBC) in Canada and Mexico. HSBC also
                        provides the day to day US, Canadian, UK, French, Mexican and German transactional banking facilities. Intesa Sanpaolo SpA, BCC
                        Brescia and UniCredit SpA provide the day to day Italian transactional banking facilities.
                        Borrowings may include Australian dollar, US dollar, Canadian dollar, British pounds, Euro and New Zealand dollar denominated
                        amounts.




               86 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 15. Borrowings continued
                        Fair value
                        The carrying value and estimated net fair values of the borrowings held with banks (determined under Level 2, as described in note
                        16) approximates their fair value. Fair values of the company’s interest-bearing loans are determined by using an effective interest
                        rate method. The non-performance risk as at 30 June 2024 was assessed to be insignificant (2023: insignificant). Details regarding
                        interest rate, foreign exchange and liquidity risk are disclosed in note 16.

                                                                                                                                         Consolidated
                                                                                                                                30 June 2024          30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                       $’000                 $’000
                        At reporting date, the following financial facilities have been negotiated and were available
                        to the Group:
                        Facilities used at the reporting date                                                                          93,506               212,180
                        Facilities unused at the reporting date                                                                       190,834               273,843
                        Total facilities                                                                                              284,340               486,023




For personal use only
                        (a) Facilities used at the reporting date:
                        Non-current cash advance facilities – committed                                                                 84,166              205,445
                        Non-current cash advance facilities – uncommitted                                                                    -                    -
                        Overdraft facilities                                                                                             1,822                    -
                        Business transactions facilities                                                                                 1,157                  654
                        Indemnity / guarantee facilities                                                                                 6,298                6,015
                        Documentary credit facilities                                                                                       63                   66
                        Facilities used as at reporting date                                                                            93,506              212,180
                        (b) Facilities unused at the reporting date:
                        Non-current cash advance facilities                                                                            173,831              255,998
                        Overdraft facilities                                                                                            10,369               10,773
                        Business transactions facilities                                                                                 3,077                3,207
                        Indemnity / guarantee facilities                                                                                 2,871                3,179
                        Documentary credit facilities                                                                                      686                  686
                        Facilities unused as at reporting date                                                                         190,834              273,843
                        (c) Total facilities:
                        Non-current cash advance facilities                                                                           257,997               461,443
                        Overdraft facilities                                                                                           12,191                10,773
                        Business transactions facilities                                                                                4,234                 3,861
                        Indemnity / guarantee facilities                                                                                9,169                 9,194
                        Documentary credit facilities                                                                                     749                   752
                        Total facilities                                                                                              284,340               486,023

                        Financing facilities available
                        Group facilities
                        At 30 June 2024, the Group had debt facilities with ANZ bank including;
                        •   $100,000,000 committed multicurrency facilities with tenures between 1.7 and 3.2 years.
                        •   $150,000,000 one year uncommitted facility.

                        Recognition and measurement
                        All borrowings, including cash advance facilities, are initially recognised at the fair value of the consideration received less directly
                        attributable transaction costs. After initial recognition, borrowings, including cash advance facilities, are subsequently measured at
                        amortised cost using the effective interest method. Gains and losses are recognised in the income statement when the liabilities are
                        derecognised.
                        Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at least
                        12 months after the balance sheet date.




                                                                                                                             Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 87
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Note 16. Financial risk management
                        The Group’s principal financial instruments, other than derivatives, comprises cash advances, bank overdrafts, cash at bank and
                        short-term deposits.
                        The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial
                        assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its operations. The Group also enters
                        into derivative transactions, primarily forward exchange contracts. The purpose is to manage the currency risks arising from the
                        Group’s business operations and its sources of finance. It is the Group’s policy that no speculative trading in derivatives shall be
                        undertaken. The main risks arising from the Group's financial instruments are foreign currency risk and credit risk. The Board reviews
                        and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarised below.

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Derivative financial instruments and hedging
                        The Group may use derivative financial instruments such as forward exchange contracts to hedge its risks associated with foreign
                        currency fluctuations. Such derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative
                        contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured to fair value. The fair value of the forward exchange contracts is estimated
                        using market observable inputs. Derivatives are carried as assets when their fair value is positive and as liabilities when their fair value




For personal use only
                        is negative.
                        Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of derivatives, except for those that qualify for hedge accounting, are taken
                        directly to the income statement for the year.
                        The fair value of forward exchange contracts are calculated by reference to current forward exchange rates for contracts with similar
                        maturity profiles and where applicable, exercise prices.
                        For the purposes of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as cash flow hedges when they hedge exposure to variability in cash
                        flows that is attributable either to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or to a forecast transaction.
                        At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to which the Group
                        wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The documentation
                        includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged and how
                        the entity will assess the hedging instrument’s effectiveness in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s cash flows
                        attributable to the hedged risk. Such hedges are expected to be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in cash flows and are
                        assessed on an ongoing basis to determine that they actually have been highly effective throughout the financial reporting periods for
                        which they were designated.
                        Hedges that meet the strict criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for as follows:

                        Cash flow hedges
                        Cash flow hedges are hedges of the Group's exposure to variability in cash flows that is attributable to a particular risk associated
                        with a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction and that could affect profit or loss. The effective portion
                        of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised directly in equity, while the ineffective portion is recognised in income
                        statement.
                                                                                                                                           Consolidated
                                                                                                                                  30 June 2024           30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                         $’000                  $’000
                        Cash flow hedges
                        Forward exchange contracts - Assets                                                                                3,942                14,200
                        Forward exchange contracts - Liabilities                                                                             (207)               (1,430)
                                                                                                                                           3,735                12,770
                        Amounts taken to equity are transferred to the income statement when the hedged transaction affects profit or loss, such as when
                        hedged income or expenses are recognised or when a forecast purchase occurs. When the hedged item is the cost of a non-
                        financial asset or liability, the amounts taken to equity are transferred to the initial carrying amount of the non-financial asset or liability.
                        If the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, amounts previously recognised in equity are transferred to the income
                        statement. If the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised without replacement or rollover, or if its designation
                        as a hedge is revoked, amounts previously recognised in equity remain in equity until the forecast transaction occurs. If the related
                        transaction is not expected to occur, the amount is taken to the income statement.
                        A hedge of the foreign currency risk of a firm commitment is accounted for as a cash flow hedge.

                        Other Financial assets at amortised cost
                        These amounts generally arise outside of the usual operating activities of the Group. Interest may be charged at commercial rates
                        and collateral may be obtained over the balance. Non-current loans to suppliers are expected to be repaid within three years of the
                        reporting period.




               88 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 16. Financial risk management continued
                        Recognition and measurement continued

                        Other financial assets                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                                           30 June 2024          30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                  $’000                 $’000
                        Current
                        Loans to suppliers                                                                                            559                1,711
                        Total                                                                                                         559                1,711


                        Non-current
                        Other financial assets                                                                                      3,747                       -
                        Loans to suppliers                                                                                          5,496                2,160




For personal use only
                        Total                                                                                                       9,243                2,160


                        Interest rate risk
                        The Group is exposed to interest rate risk on its borrowings, cash balances and derivative financial instruments. The Group’s policy is
                        to manage its interest rate risk using a mix of fixed and variable rate debt where appropriate. Cash advance facilities have short term
                        fixed interest rates with maturities ranging between 1 and 3 months, therefore within the financial year they are exposed to interest
                        rate risk.
                        At 30 June 2024, the Group has the following exposure to interest rate risk:

                                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                           30 June 2024          30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                  $’000                 $’000
                        Cash at bank                                                                                              137,772               84,155
                        Borrowings                                                                                                (84,166)            (205,445)
                        Net exposure                                                                                               53,606             (121,290)

                        At 30 June 2024, 100% of the Groups borrowings are exposed to floating rates. On a principal net cash of $53,606,000 (2023:
                        $121,290,000 debt), an increment / reduction of 0.5% in the market rates would result in a decrease / increase in finance costs of
                        $268,000 (2023: $554,000).

                        Foreign currency risk
                        The Group undertakes certain transactions denominated in foreign currency and is exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
                        Such exposure arises primarily from purchases of inventory by a business unit in currencies other than the unit’s functional currency
                        (purchases are predominately US dollar denominated). Other foreign exchange risk only arises when future commercial transactions
                        and recognised assets and liabilities are denominated in a currency that is not the entity’s functional currency.
                        To hedge exposure arising from the purchase of inventories or payments in currencies other than the business unit’s functional
                        currency, forward exchange contracts may be utilised. At inception these hedge contracts are designated as cash flow hedges to
                        hedge the exposure to the variability in cash flows arising as a result of movements in exchange rates below contracted exchange
                        rates for options and for movements above or below a contracted exchange rate for forward exchange contracts.
                        Also, as a result of the Group’s investment in its overseas operations, the Group’s balance sheet can be affected significantly by
                        movements in the exchange rates of the jurisdictions it operates within.




                                                                                                                         Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 89
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Note 16. Financial risk management continued
                        Foreign currency risk continued
                        At 30 June 2024, the Group has the following financial assets and liabilities exposed to foreign currency risk:

                                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                                              30 June 2024          30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                     $’000                 $’000
                        Cash at bank                                                                                                   4,487                 2,857
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                                    5,629                 7,814
                        Trade and other payables                                                                                       (6,965)             (15,925)
                        Other financial assets – derivative assets – forward exchange contracts                                        3,942               14,200
                        Other financial liabilities – derivative liabilities – forward exchange contracts                                (208)              (1,430)
                        Loans to suppliers                                                                                             6,055                 3,871




For personal use only
                        Net exposure                                                                                                  12,940               11,387

                        Instruments used by the group
                        Derivative financial instruments are used by the Group in the normal course of business in order to hedge exposures to fluctuations in
                        interest and foreign exchange rates.
                        The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments by valuation technique:
                            Level 1: quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
                            Level 2: other techniques for which all inputs that have a significant effect on the recorded fair value are observable, either directly
                            or indirectly.
                            Level 3: techniques that use inputs that have a significant effect on the recorded fair value that are not based on observable
                            market data.
                        The fair value of all derivative assets and liabilities has been determined under Level 2.

                        (i) Forward exchange contracts – cash flow hedges
                        The majority of the Group’s inventory purchases from suppliers are denominated in US dollars (USD). In order to manage exchange
                        rate movements and to manage the inventory costing process, the Group has entered into forward exchange contracts to purchase
                        USD, Euro and CHF. These contracts are hedging highly probable forecasted purchases and highly probable forecasted payments
                        and they are timed to mature when settlement of purchases or the payments are scheduled to be made. All forward exchange
                        contracts have 0-12 months maturity (2023: 0-12 months).
                        The cash flows are expected to occur between 0-12 months from 1 July 2024 (2023: 0-12 months) and the cost of sales and where
                        applicable the sale of goods within the income statement will be affected in the next financial year as the inventory is sold or the
                        payments are made. At balance date, the details of outstanding contracts are:

                                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                                              30 June 2024          30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                     $’000                 $’000
                        Buy USD                                                                                                      113,469              230,723
                        Buy CHF                                                                                                           917              21,620
                        The cash flow hedges of the forecast purchases and forecast payments are considered to be highly effective and any gain or loss
                        on the contracts is taken directly to equity. Where the contracts are hedging highly probable forecasted inventory purchases, when
                        the inventory is received or the risk is assumed, the amount recognised in equity is adjusted to the inventory account in the balance
                        sheet. During the year $7,750,000 was credited to inventory (2023: $13,743,000) and $1,286,000 was debited (2023: $2,856,000
                        credited) to equity in respect of the Group.
                        At 30 June 2024, the Group had hedged 83% (2023: 100%) of its forecast foreign currency purchases extending to June 2025
                        (2023: June 2024) via foreign exchange contracts or by using the natural hedge that exists within the Group, and therefore is not fully
                        exposed to foreign exchange risk.
                        In respect of net derivative assets and liabilities above, being the fair value of forward exchange contracts designated as cash flow
                        hedges, a decrease of 10% in the US dollar exchange rate against local currencies, all other variables held constant, would result in
                        an increase in equity of $12,506,000 (2023: $23,234,000). Conversely, an increase of 10% in the US dollar exchange rate against
                        local currencies, all other variables held constant, would result in a decrease in equity of $10,232,000 (2023: $19,010,000).




               90 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 16. Financial risk management continued
                        Capital management
                        The Board’s policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain investor, creditor and market confidence and to sustain
                        future development of the business.
                        The Board seeks to maintain a balance between the higher returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the
                        advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position. The Board monitors the Group’s gearing ratio and compliance with
                        debt covenants on a regular basis. The Group was ungeared at 30 June 2024 and at 30 June 2023 the gearing ratio was 0.56. The
                        gearing ratio is defined as Group net borrowings divided by EBITDA.

                        Credit risk
                        Credit risk represents the loss that would be recognised if counterparties failed to perform as contracted. The credit risk on financial
                        assets (including trade receivables), excluding investments, of the Group that has been recognised on the balance sheet is the
                        carrying value amount, net of any uncollectible receivables (measured on a collective basis).
                        To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the
                        days past due. The Group appropriately provides for expected credit losses on a timely basis, and in calculating the expected credit




For personal use only
                        loss rates, the Group considers historic loss rates for each category of customers, adjusting for forward looking macroeconomic
                        data.
                        The Group trades only with recognised, creditworthy third parties. It is the Group's policy that all customers who wish to trade on
                        credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In certain instances, where deemed appropriate, receivables insurance is
                        acquired to offset the Group’s exposure to credit risk. The Group also uses other measures such as obtaining letters of credit.
                        In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis with the result that the Group’s exposure to bad debts is
                        appropriately provided for.
                        With respect to credit risk arising from the other financial assets of the Group, which comprise cash and cash equivalents and certain
                        derivative instruments, the Group’s exposure to credit risk arises from default of the counter party with a maximum exposure equal to
                        the carrying amount of these instruments. These counter parties are large multi-national banks.

                        Liquidity risk
                        The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of borrowing facilities and
                        bank overdrafts.

                        Group financial liabilities
                        Management monitors rolling forecasts of the Group’s liquidity reserve on the basis of expected cash flows. See note 15 for details of
                        available facilities.
                        At 30 June 2024, the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s financial liabilities are:

                                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                                               30 June 2024          30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                      $’000                 $’000
                        Less than 1 year                                                                                              298,231             285,788
                        Between 1 and 5 years                                                                                         131,228             257,472
                                                                                                                                      429,459             543,260

                        The table below analyses the Group’s remaining contractual maturities by the type of financial liability. The amounts disclosed are the
                        contractual undiscounted cash flows.
                                                                           Consolidated                                            Consolidated
                                                                           30 June 2024                                            30 June 2023
                                                             Less than     Between                                  Less than           Between
                                                                1 year 1 and 5 years                   Total           1 year       1 and 5 years             Total
                                                                 $’000         $’000                  $’000            $’000               $’000             $’000
                        Trade and other payables                273,269                  -          273,269          261,336                    -         261,336
                        Borrowings                                2,735            81,431            84,166                3,245         202,200          205,445
                        Lease liabilities                        22,020            49,797            71,817               19,777          55,272            75,049
                        Derivative financial
                        instruments                                 207                  -              207                1,430                -            1,430
                                                                298,231           131,228           429,459          285,788             257,472          543,260


                                                                                                                             Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 91
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Note 17. Interests in other entities
                        (a) Entities subject to reporting relief
                        Pursuant to ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016 / 785, relief has been granted to Thebe International
                        Pty Limited, Breville Pty Limited and Breville Holdings Pty Limited from the Corporations Act 2001 requirements for preparation, audit
                        and lodgement of their financial reports.
                        As a condition of the instrument, Breville Group Limited and Thebe International Pty Limited entered into a Deed of Cross Guarantee
                        on 4 November 1999. This deed was subsequently assumed by Breville Pty Limited and Breville Holdings Pty Limited under an
                        assumption deed dated 19 December 2001. The effect of the deed is that Breville Group Limited has guaranteed to pay any
                        deficiency in the event of winding up of either controlled entity or if they do not meet their obligations under the terms of overdrafts,
                        loans, leases or other liabilities subject to the guarantee. The controlled entities have also given a similar guarantee in the event that
                        Breville Group Limited is wound up or if it does not meet its obligation under the terms of overdrafts, loans, leases or other liabilities
                        subject to the guarantee.
                        The entities comprising the “closed group” are Breville Group Limited, Thebe International Pty Limited, Breville Pty Limited and
                        Breville Holdings Pty Limited. The Consolidated statement of financial position and income statement of the entities that are
                        members of the "closed group" are detailed in note 20.




For personal use only
                        (b) Breville Group Employee Share Trust
                        A trust has been established with the appointment of an independent Trustee. The trust is funded by cash irretrievably contributed to
                        it by the company and the Trustee uses these funds to either subscribe for a new issue of shares in the company or purchase shares
                        on the ASX in order to fulfil its obligations under the Breville Group Limited Share Plan.
                        The trust does not form part of the Breville Group Limited Australian tax consolidation group.
                        During the year the Trustee of the Breville Group Employee Share Trust subscribed to 621,056 ordinary shares of Breville Group
                        Limited (2023: 292,978 shares) in order to fulfil its obligations under the Breville Group Employee Share Trust. The average value
                        placed on these subscriptions was $24.06 per share (2023: $20.80 per share). Details are provided in note 19.
                        The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Breville Group Limited and the subsidiaries listed in the
                        following table.
                                                                                                                                         Equity interest
                                                                                                      Country of                 30 June 2024      30 June 2023
                                                     Legal entity                                   incorporation        Note              %                 %
                        Thebe International Pty Limited                                                 Australia        17(a)              100               100
                        Investments not held directly by Breville Group Limited:
                        Breville Holdings Pty Limited                                                  Australia         17(a)              100               100
                        Breville Pty Limited                                                           Australia         17(a)              100               100
                        Breville R&D Pty Limited                                                       Australia                            100               100
                        Breville Group Employee Share Trust                                            Australia         17(b)                -                 -
                        Breville New Zealand Limited                                                 New Zealand                            100               100
                        HWI International Limited                                                     Hong Kong                             100               100
                        Breville Services (Shenzhen) Company Limited                                    China                               100               100
                        Breville Holdings USA, Inc.                                                      USA                                100               100
                        Breville USA, Inc.                                                               USA                                100               100
                        Baratza LLC                                                                      USA                                100               100
                        Holding HWI Canada, Inc.                                                       Canada                               100               100
                        HWI Canada, Inc.                                                               Canada                               100               100
                        Breville Canada, L.P.                                                          Canada                               100               100
                        1591114 Ontario Inc.                                                           Canada                               100               100
                        BRG Appliances Limited                                                            UK                                100               100
                        Sage Appliances GmbH                                                           Germany                              100               100
                        Sage Appliances France SaS                                                      France                              100               100
                        Breville Mexico, S.A. de C.V.                                                   Mexico                              100               100
                        Breville Korea Limited                                                          Korea                               100               100
                        Lelit Srl                                                                        Italy                              100               100
                        Lelit Italy Srl                                                                  Italy                              100               100
                        Seriveneta Srl                                                                   Italy                              100               100
                        BRG Middle East Appliances LLC                                                   UAE                                100                 -

                        Breville Group Limited, a company incorporated in Australia is the ultimate parent of the Group.




               92 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 18. Parent entity information
                        (a) Summary financial information
                        As at and throughout the financial year ended 30 June 2024 the parent company of the Group was Breville Group Limited.

                                                                                                                               30 June 2024           30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                      $’000                  $’000

                        Results of the parent entity
                        Profit of the parent entity                                                                                    58,688                54,544
                        Total comprehensive income of the parent entity                                                                58,688                54,544


                        Financial position of the parent entity
                        Current assets                                                                                                136,981              123,512
                        Total assets                                                                                                  448,615              415,566




For personal use only
                        Current liabilities                                                                                                   -                      -
                        Total liabilities                                                                                                     -                      -
                        Net assets                                                                                                    448,615              415,566
                        Equity attributable to the equity holders of the parent
                        Issued capital                                                                                                401,129              385,541
                        Employee equity benefits reserve                                                                                  (175)               (4,128)
                        Retained earnings                                                                                               47,661               34,153
                        Total shareholders’ equity                                                                                    448,615              415,566

                        Tax consolidation
                        Breville Group Limited and its 100% owned Australian resident subsidiaries (excluding the Breville Group Performance Share Plan
                        Trust) have formed a tax consolidated Group with effect from 1 July 2003.
                        The head entity, Breville Group Limited and each subsidiary in the tax consolidated Group are required to account for their own
                        current and deferred tax amounts. These tax amounts are measured as if each entity in the tax consolidated Group continues to be a
                        standalone taxpayer in its own right.
                        In addition to its own current and deferred tax amounts, Breville Group Limited also recognises:
                        (a) the current tax liabilities (or assets) and the deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and unused tax credits assumed
                            from controlled entities in the tax consolidated Group; and
                        (b) assets or liabilities arising for Group under the tax funding agreement as amounts receivable from or payable to other entities in
                            the Group.
                        Members of the tax consolidated Group have entered into a tax funding agreement. The tax funding agreement supports the
                        calculation of current tax liabilities (and assets) and deferred tax assets / liabilities on a stand-alone basis. Calculation is performed
                        in accordance with AASB 112 Income Tax. The allocation of taxes under the tax funding agreement is recognised as an increase /
                        decrease in the subsidiaries' intercompany accounts with the tax consolidated Group head company, Breville Group Limited.
                        No amounts have been recognised in the financial statements in respect of the tax sharing agreement should the head entity default
                        on its tax payment obligations on the basis that the possibility of default is remote.

                        Contingencies
                        The parent company has guaranteed under the terms of an ASIC class order any deficiency of funds if Thebe International Pty
                        Limited, Breville Pty Limited and Breville Holdings Pty Limited are wound up. No such deficiency currently exists.
                        The parent company has issued corporate guarantees in favour of HSBC local banks in Canada and Mexico. HSBC provides the day
                        to day US, Canadian, Mexican, UK, French and German transactional banking facilities.




                                                                                                                             Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 93
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Further details
                        Note 19. Share-based payments
                        Performance rights plan (LTI) and fixed deferred remuneration rights plan
                        Under the performance rights plan (LTI) and fixed deferred remuneration rights plan participants are issued with rights over the
                        ordinary shares of Breville Group Limited issued in accordance with the Breville Group Limited Share Plan. See pages 38 to 44 of the
                        Remuneration report for details of the two plans.
                        At 30 June 2024 there were 2,589,741 (2023: 2,408,673) total rights outstanding under both plans, 1,889,840 (2023: 1,618,067)
                        under the performance rights plan (LTI) and 699,901 (2023: 790,606) under the fixed deferred remuneration rights plan, also
                        including non-executive director remuneration rights. The expense recognised in the income statement in relation to share-based
                        payments is disclosed in note 3(e).
                        Recognition and measurement
                        Performance rights issued to employees (including key management personnel) are accounted for as share-based payments,
                        whereby employees render services in exchange for shares or rights over shares (equity-settled transactions). The cost of these




For personal use only
                        equity-settled transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments at the date at which
                        they are granted. The fair value has been determined as of the date of grant using a Monte-Carlo simulation model or Black Scholes
                        option-pricing model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the performance rights were granted (further details
                        of which are given below).
                        Market based performance conditions are reflected within the fair value at grant date. Service and non-market performance
                        conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date fair value of the awards. The likelihood of the conditions being
                        met is assessed as part of the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest.
                        The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which
                        the performance and / or service conditions are fulfilled (the vesting period), ending on the date on which the relevant employees
                        become fully entitled to the award (the vesting date). At each subsequent reporting date until vesting, the cumulative charge to the
                        income statement is the product of (i) the grant date fair value of the award; (ii) the current best estimate of the number of awards
                        that will vest, taking into account such factors as the likelihood of employee turnover during the vesting period and the likelihood
                        of non-market performance conditions being met; and (iii) the expired portion of the vesting period. The charge to the income
                        statement for the period is the cumulative amount as calculated above less the amounts already charged in previous periods. There
                        is a corresponding entry to equity.
                        No expense is recognised for awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and / or service conditions
                        have not been met. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the transactions are treated as vested irrespective of
                        whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance and / or service conditions are satisfied.

                        Rights granted and outstanding under the performance rights plan (LTI)
                        The following table illustrates the number and weighted average exercise prices (“WAEP”) of and movements in performance rights
                        issued during the year:

                                                                                         30 June 2024                               30 June 2023
                                                                                     Number of                                   Number of
                                                                             performance rights               WAEP        performance rights             WAEP

                        Outstanding at the beginning of the year                        1,618,067               0.00               1,149,704               0.00
                        Performance rights granted during the year                        822,745               0.00                 796,735               0.00
                        Performance rights exercised during the year                     (480,338)              0.00                (264,468)              0.00
                        Performance rights lapsed during the year                          (70,634)             0.00                 (63,904)              0.00
                        Outstanding at the end of the year (a)                          1,889,840                   -              1,618,067                    -
                        Exercisable at the end of the year                                        -                 -                       -                   -




               94 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 19. Share-based payments continued
                        Rights outstanding under the performance rights plan (LTI)
                        (a) The outstanding balance as at 30 June 2024 is represented by:

                           Number of                                                                                                               Fair value
                         performance                                    Period                                  Vesting            WAEP             at grant
                                rights            Measure                start   Period End     Grant date        date Expiry date    $              date ($)
                                             EBIT & Revenue
                              250,135            CAGR               30-Jun-21    30-Jun-24      06-Oct-21     27-Aug-24    01-Oct-24        0.00       25.96
                                             EBIT & Revenue
                               73,326            CAGR               30-Jun-21    30-Jun-24      11-Nov-21     27-Aug-24    01-Oct-24        0.00       28.91
                              639,066           EBIT CAGR           30-Jun-22    30-Jun-25      24-Oct-22    25-Aug-25     01-Oct-25        0.00       17.44
                              115,741           EBIT CAGR           30-Jun-22    30-Jun-25      10-Nov-22    25-Aug-25     01-Oct-25        0.00       19.13
                                 8,861          EBIT CAGR           30-Jun-23    30-Jun-25      25-Jul-23    25-Aug-25     01-Oct-25        0.00       20.71




For personal use only
                               347,118         Relative TSR         30-Jun-23    30-Jun-26      25-Jul-23    25-Aug-26     01-Oct-26        0.00       12.95
                               54,237          Relative TSR         30-Jun-23    30-Jun-26       8-Nov-23    25-Aug-26     01-Oct-26        0.00       15.36
                                           PBT & Key Strategic
                               347,119          Priorities          30-Jun-23    30-Jun-26      25-Jul-23    25-Aug-26     01-Oct-26        0.00       20.71
                                           PBT & Key Strategic
                               54,237           Priorities          30-Jun-23    30-Jun-26       8-Nov-23    25-Aug-26     01-Oct-26        0.00       22.23
                            1,889,840                                                                                                       0.00


                        Rights granted and outstanding under the fixed deferred remuneration plan
                        The following table illustrates the number and weighted average exercise prices (“WAEP”) of and movements in fixed deferred
                        remuneration rights and non-executive director remuneration rights issued during the year:

                                                                                               30 June 2024                       30 June 2023
                                                                                        Number of                            Number of
                                                                                      performance                          performance
                                                                                             rights             WAEP              rights              WAEP

                        Outstanding at the beginning of the year                              790,606             0.00          537,399                 0.00
                        Rights granted during the year                                         78,283             0.00          310,355                 0.00
                        Rights exercised during the year                                    (168,988)             0.00           (57,148)               0.00
                        Rights lapsed during the year                                               -             0.00                  -               0.00
                        Outstanding at the end of the year (b)                                699,901                -          790,606                     -
                        Exercisable at the end of the year                                          -                -                  -                   -




                                                                                                                     Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 95
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Note 19. Share-based payments continued
                        Rights outstanding under the fixed deferred remuneration plan
                        Notes
                        (b) The outstanding balance as at 30 June 2024 is represented by:

                                                                                                                                                               Fair value at
                               Number of performance rights               Note        Grant date       Vesting date        Expiry date           WAEP $       grant date ($)
                                                            29,940            (i)    29-Jan-20*          25-Aug-24          01-Oct-24                 0.00             16.70
                                                             22,311          (ii)       7-Sep-20         25-Aug-25          03-Oct-25                 0.00             19.60
                                                            70,570            (i)       5-Oct-21         25-Aug-24          01-Oct-24                 0.00             26.52
                                                            81,991           (ii)       5-Oct-21         25-Aug-25          03-Oct-25                 0.00             26.18
                                                           122,989          (iii)       5-Oct-21         25-Aug-26          03-Oct-26                 0.00             25.85
                                                            12,077           (i)      11-Nov-21         25-Aug-24          02-Oct-24                 0.00              28.91




For personal use only
                                                            12,077          (ii)      11-Nov-21         25-Aug-25           01-Oct-25                0.00              28.54
                                                            29,330          (iii)     11-Nov-21         25-Aug-26          03-Oct-26                 0.00              28.17
                                                            64,679           (i)      21-Oct-22         25-Aug-24           01-Oct-24                0.00              17.66
                                                            64,679          (ii)      21-Oct-22         25-Aug-25          03-Oct-25                 0.00              17.44
                                                            64,679          (iii)     21-Oct-22         25-Aug-26          03-Oct-26                 0.00              17.18
                                                            46,296          (iv)     10-Nov-22          25-Aug-27          03-Oct-25                 0.00              18.57
                                                              7,559          (i)       25-Jul-23        25-Aug-24           01-Oct-24                0.00              21.38
                                                              7,559         (ii)       25-Jul-23        25-Aug-25          03-Oct-25                 0.00              21.15
                                                              7,559         (iii)      25-Jul-23        25-Aug-26          03-Oct-26                 0.00              20.92
                                                              7,559         (iv)       25-Jul-23        25-Aug-27           01-Oct-27                0.00              20.69
                                                            43,389          (v)        8-Nov-23         25-Aug-28           01-Oct-28                0.00              22.11
                                                             4,658          (vi)     22-Nov-23            1-Jan-25         28-Feb-25                 0.00              26.57
                                                           699,901                                                                                   0.00

                        *     material terms and conditions of the grant were agreed in January 2020 but administrative finalisation of grants were delayed due to COVID-19
                              priorities. In line with AASB2, fair value was based on the price at the time when grant was agreed when VWAP for H1 FY20 was $16.70.

                        (i)   Rights granted as fixed deferred remuneration with vesting condition that the participants must complete the service period
                              between 26 August 2023 - 25 August 2024.
                        (ii) Rights granted as fixed deferred remuneration with vesting condition that the participant must complete the service period
                             between 26 August 2024 - 25 August 2025.
                        (iii) Rights granted as fixed deferred remuneration with vesting condition that the participant must complete the service period
                              between 26 August 2025 - 25 August 2026.
                        (iv) Rights granted as fixed deferred remuneration with vesting condition that the participant must complete the service period
                             between 26 August 2026 - 25 August 2027.
                        (v) Rights granted as fixed deferred remuneration with vesting condition that the participant must complete the service period
                            between 26 August 2027 - 27 August 2028.
                        (vi) Rights granted as non-executive director remuneration with vesting condition that the participant must complete the service
                             period between 01 January 2024 - 01 January 2025.




               96 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 19. Share-based payments continued
                        Rights granted under the performance rights plan and fixed deferred remuneration plan
                        The remaining contractual life for the performance and the fixed deferred remuneration rights outstanding at 30 June 2024 is
                        between 0 and 4 years (2023: 0 and 4 years).
                        The exercise price for performance rights and the fixed deferred remuneration rights outstanding at the end of the year was $nil
                        (2023: $nil).
                        The weighted average fair value of performance rights granted under the performance rights plan during the year was $17.09
                        (2023: $20.46).
                        The fair value of the equity-settled performance rights granted under the performance rights plan is estimated as of the date of grant
                        using a Monte-Carlo simulation model or Black Scholes option-pricing model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon
                        which the performance rights were granted.
                        The following table lists the inputs to the model used for the grants during the year ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023:

                                                                                                                30 June 2024
                                                                                                                                                Performance




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                   rights and
                                                                                  Fixed Deferred                                              Fixed Deferred
                                                                                  Remuneration          Performance      Fixed Deferred       Remuneration
                                                                                          (NED)                rights    Remuneration           (Jim Clayton)
                        Grant date                                                      22 Nov 23           25 Jul 23           25 Jul 23           08 Nov 23
                        Vesting Date - Performance Rights                                                  25 Aug 26                     -          25 Aug 26
                        Vesting Date - Fixed Deferred Remuneration Rights               01 Jan 25                              25 Aug 24            25 Aug 28
                                                                                                                               25 Aug 25
                                                                                                                               25 Aug 26
                                                                                                                               25 Aug 27
                                                                                                                               25 Aug 28
                        Share price at the grant date                                        23.98              21.64               21.64                23.13
                        Dividend Yield                                                       1.1%                1.1%                1.1%                1.1%
                        Right exercise price                                                  0.00                0.00               0.00                  0.00


                                                                                                                30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                                Performance
                                                                                                                                                   rights and
                                                                                  Fixed Deferred                                              Fixed Deferred
                                                                                  Remuneration          Performance      Fixed Deferred       Remuneration
                                                                                          (NED)                rights    Remuneration           (Jim Clayton)
                        Grant date                                                      01 Dec 22           21 Oct 22           21 Oct 22           10 Nov 22
                        Vesting Date - Performance Rights                                                   25 Aug 25                    -          25 Aug 25
                        Vesting Date - Fixed Deferred Remuneration Rights               01 Jan 24                              25 Aug 23            25 Aug 27
                                                                                                                               25 Aug 24
                                                                                                                               25 Aug 25
                                                                                                                               25 Aug 26
                        Share price at the grant date                                        20.60              18.20               18.20                19.13
                        Dividend Yield                                                      1.61%                1.5%                1.5%                 1.5%
                        Right exercise price                                                  0.00                0.00               0.00                  0.00

                        The weighted average fair value of share rights granted under the fixed deferred remuneration plan during the year was $21.96
                        (2023: $22.92).




                                                                                                                         Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 97
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Note 20. Related party transactions
                                                                               30 June 2024   30 June 2023
                                                                                      $’000          $’000

                        (i) Consolidated statement of financial position for
                        class order closed group
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                    21,174        27,638
                        Trade and other receivables                                  65,043        53,385
                        Inventories                                                  47,131        43,114
                        Current tax assets                                                -         1,751
                        Other financial assets                                        4,501        15,911
                        Total current assets                                        137,849       141,799




For personal use only
                        Non-current assets
                        Investments                                                 487,141       421,606
                        Right-of-use-assets                                          10,034         4,026
                        Plant and equipment                                          43,649        36,869
                        Intangible assets                                           149,111       137,402
                        Deferred tax assets                                          16,821        15,109
                        Other financial assets                                        5,496         2,160
                        Total non-current assets                                    712,252       617,172
                        Total assets                                                850,101       758,971

                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                    110,814        98,517
                        Current tax liabilities                                       6,445              -
                        Provisions                                                   15,253        15,573
                        Lease liabilities                                             3,472         3,902
                        Other financial liabilities                                    208          1,430
                        Total current liabilities                                   136,192       119,422

                        Non-current liabilities
                        Lease liabilities                                             8,179         2,287
                        Provisions                                                    2,695         2,196
                        Total non-current liabilities                                10,874         4,483
                        Total liabilities                                           147,066       123,905

                        Net assets                                                  703,035       635,066

                        Equity
                        Issued capital                                              401,129       385,541
                        Reserves                                                      2,439          4,811
                        Retained earnings                                           299,467       244,714
                        Total equity                                                703,035       635,066




               98 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 20. Related party transactions continued
                                                                                                                         30 June 2024          30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                $’000                 $’000

                        (ii) Consolidated income statement for class order closed group
                        Profit from ordinary activities before income tax expense                                              140,448              162,331
                        Income tax expense relating to ordinary activities                                                      (40,515)             (33,963)
                        Net profit                                                                                               99,933             128,368
                        Accumulated profits at the beginning of the year                                                       244,714              159,180
                        Dividends paid or reinvested                                                                            (45,180)             (42,834)
                        Accumulated profits at the end of the year                                                             299,467              244,714


                        (a) Ultimate controlling entity




For personal use only
                        The ultimate controlling entity of the Group in Australia is Breville Group Limited.

                        (b) Key management personnel
                                                                                                                                 Consolidated
                                                                                                                         30 June 2024          30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                    $                     $

                        Compensation by category: key management personnel
                        Short-term                                                                                           9,213,327            8,233,693
                        Defined contribution plans expense                                                                     205,839              217,111
                        Other long-term                                                                                        (125,139)            210,708
                        LTI Share-based payment                                                                              2,954,782            2,769,984
                        Total                                                                                               12,248,809           11,431,496

                        (c) Wholly owned Group transactions
                        During the financial period, loans were advanced and repayments received on inter-Group accounts with subsidiaries in the wholly
                        owned Group. These transactions were undertaken on commercial terms and conditions.


                        Note 21. Business combination
                        Breville Group Limited (ASX: BRG) completed the acquisition of 100% of the Italian-based prosumer coffee group, Lelit Srl and its
                        associated subsidiaries, on 1 July 2022 (CET).
                        The assets acquired constitute the acquisition of a business. The acquisition is considered a business combination pursuant to
                        AASB 3.
                        Total consideration comprised $82,936,000 in cash and the issue of 3,100,205 BRG ordinary shares (“Shares”). The share
                        component was valued at market prices on the date of completion, share price on date of issue was $17.99 (closing price on day
                        before 1 July 2022). Details of the purchase consideration, the net assets acquired and goodwill are as follows:

                                                                                                                                               30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                                      $’000
                        Purchase consideration
                        Cash paid                                                                                                                     82,936
                        Ordinary shares issued                                                                                                        55,773
                        Total purchase consideration                                                                                                138,709
                        The assets and liabilities recognised as a result of the acquisition are as follows:




                                                                                                                       Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 99
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Note 21. Business combination continued

                                                                                                                                                        Fair value
                                                                                                                                                            $’000
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                          10,788
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                                                         5,325
                        Other Assets                                                                                                                          666
                        Inventories                                                                                                                        34,116
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                       8,002
                        Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                 1,973
                        Intangible assets                                                                                                                  30,196
                        Trade and other payables                                                                                                          (20,696)
                        Cash advance                                                                                                                        (7,499)




For personal use only
                        Borrowings                                                                                                                        (12,349)
                        Provisions                                                                                                                          (1,962)
                        Other liabilities                                                                                                                   (2,183)
                        Deferred tax liability                                                                                                              (8,976)
                        Net identifiable assets acquired                                                                                                   37,401

                        Add: goodwill                                                                                                                    101,308
                                                                                                                                                         138,709
                        Intangible assets includes an indefinite life Brand name asset of $28,625,000.

                        (i) Revenue and profit contribution
                        The acquired Lelit Srl business has been completely integrated into the Group and is managed within the Global Product segment
                        and geographies alongside other brands within the Group. LELIT® brand revenues during FY23 were $64.5m.

                        (a) Purchase consideration - cash outflow
                                                                                                                                                    30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                                           $’000
                        Outflow of cash to acquire subsidiary, net of cash acquired
                        Cash consideration                                                                                                                 82,936
                        Less: Balances acquired
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                          10,788
                        Cash advance repaid                                                                                                                 (7,499)
                                                                                                                                                            3,289
                        Net outflow of cash - investing activities                                                                                         79,647

                        Recognition and measurement
                        The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless of whether equity instruments or
                        other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary comprises the:
                        •   fair values of the assets transferred
                        •   liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business
                        •   equity interests issued by the Group
                        •   fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, and
                        •   fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.
                        Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are, with limited exceptions,
                        measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity
                        on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired
                        entity’s net identifiable assets.
                        Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.


             100 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 21. Business combination continued
                        Recognition and measurement continued
                        The excess of the:
                        •   consideration transferred,
                        •   amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and
                        •   acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity
                        over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are less than the fair value of the
                        net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is recognised directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase.
                        Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are discounted to their present
                        value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar
                        borrowing could be obtained from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions.
                        Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial liability are subsequently
                        remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.
                        If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s previously held equity
                        interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any gains or losses arising from such remeasurement are




For personal use only
                        recognised in profit or loss.


                        Note 22. Auditor’s remuneration
                                                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                                                 30 June 2024          30 June 2023
                                                                                                                                            $                     $

                        Amounts received or due and receivable from the entity and any
                        other entity in the consolidated entity:

                        PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia – primary auditors
                        Parent entity
                        Audit or review services - Parent                                                                               618,850              609,754
                        Taxation and accounting advisory services - Parent                                                              183,269              253,341

                        Network Firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia
                        Controlled entities
                        Audit or review services - Controlled entities                                                                  294,150              369,872
                        Taxation and accounting advisory services - Controlled entities                                                 672,279              581,336
                        Total services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                            1,768,548             1,814,303

                        A significant amount of the non-audit fees associated with taxation and accounting advisory services provided by
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia as the auditor of the parent entity, Breville Group Limited and by PricewaterhouseCoopers
                        related network firms in FY24 are of a project based non-recurring nature, including finalisation of the renewal of the Advanced
                        Pricing Agreement (APA), initial Country by Country Reporting and work on indirect taxes.


                        Note 23. Contingencies
                        Indemnity agreements have been entered into with certain officers of the Group in respect of expenses and liabilities they incur in
                        their official capacities. No monetary limit applies to these agreements and no known obligations have emerged as a result of these
                        agreements.
                        Cross guarantees given by Breville Group Limited, Thebe International Pty Limited, Breville Holdings Pty Limited and Breville Pty
                        Limited are described in note 17(a).
                        Breville Group Limited has issued corporate guarantees in favour of the local bank (HSBC) in Canada and Mexico.


                        Note 24. Events occurring after the reporting period
                        Other than the events disclosed elsewhere in this report, no other matters or circumstances have arisen since the end of the year
                        which significantly affected or may affect the operations of the consolidated entity.
                        The financial report of Breville Group Limited for the year ended 30 June 2024 was authorised for issue in accordance with a
                        resolution of the directors on 21 August 2024.


                                                                                                                              Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 101
                        Notes to the financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Note 25. Other accounting policies
                        a) Foreign currency translation
                        (i) Functional and presentation currency
                        Both the functional and presentation currency of Breville Group Limited and its Australian subsidiaries are Australian dollars (AUD or
                        A$). Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are
                        measured using that functional currency.

                        (ii) Transactions and balances
                        Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the functional currency at the exchange rates ruling at the date of the
                        transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rate of exchange ruling at the
                        balance sheet date.
                        Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate as at
                        the date of the initial transaction. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange
                        rates at the date when the fair value was determined.
                        The functional currencies of the foreign subsidiaries are:




For personal use only
                        •   USD - United States dollar (Breville Holdings USA, Inc. and Breville USA, Inc.);
                        •   HKD - Hong Kong dollar (HWI International Limited);
                        •   CAD - Canadian dollar (HWI Canada, Inc., Holding HWI Canada, Inc. and Breville Canada, L.P., 1591114 Ontario Inc.);
                        •   NZD - New Zealand dollar (Breville New Zealand Limited);
                        •   GBP - British pound (BRG Appliances Limited);
                        •   RMB - Chinese Renminbi (Breville Services (Shenzhen) Company Limited);
                        •   EUR - Euro (Sage Appliances GmbH, Sage Appliances France SaS, Lelit Srl, Lelit Italy Srl and Seriveneta Srl);
                        •   MXN - Mexican Peso (Breville Mexico, S.A. de C.V.);
                        •   KRW - South Korean Won (Breville Korea Limited); and
                        •   AED - United Arab Emirates Dirham (BRG Middle East Appliances LLC).
                        As of the reporting date the assets and liabilities of these foreign subsidiaries are translated into the presentation currency of Breville
                        Group Limited. They are translated at the rate of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date and the income statements are translated
                        at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.
                        The exchange differences arising on the retranslation of the financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are taken directly to a
                        separate component of equity. On disposal of a foreign entity, the deferred cumulative amount recognised in equity relating to that
                        particular foreign operation is recognised in the income statement.

                        (iii) Disposal of foreign operations
                        In some instances companies in the Breville Group provide intra-Group funding to other Group entities by way of permanent equity
                        loans. In these instances any foreign exchange movements are recognised in equity (foreign currency translation reserve) as these
                        equity loans are considered to form part of the net investment in the subsidiary.

                        b) Investments and other financial assets
                        Financial assets in the scope of AASB 139 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement are classified as either financial
                        assets at fair value through profit or loss, loans and receivables or held-to-maturity investments, as appropriate. When financial
                        assets are recognised initially, they are measured at fair value, plus, in the case of investments not at fair value through the income
                        statement, directly attributable transactions costs. The Group determines the classification of its financial assets after initial
                        recognition and, when allowed and appropriate, re-evaluates this designation at each year end.
                        Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets under contracts that require delivery of the assets within
                        the period established generally by regulation or convention in the marketplace. All regular way purchases and sales of financial
                        assets are recognised on the trade date, i.e. the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.

                        (i) Held to maturity investments
                        Non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments and fixed maturity are classified as held-to-maturity when the
                        Group has the positive intention and ability to hold to maturity. Investments intended to be held for an undefined period are not
                        included in this classification. Investments that are intended to be held-to-maturity, such as bonds, are subsequently measured at
                        amortised cost. This cost is computed as the amount initially recognised minus principal repayments, plus or minus the cumulative
                        amortisation using the effective interest method of any difference between the initially recognised amount and the maturity amount.
                        This calculation includes all fees and points paid or received between parties to the contract that are an integral part of the effective
                        interest rate, transaction costs and all other premiums and discounts.
                        For investments carried at amortised cost, gains and losses are recognised in the income statement when the investments are
                        derecognised or impaired, as well as through the amortisation process.



             102 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Note 25. Other accounting policies continued
                        (ii) Loans and receivables
                        Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active
                        market. Such assets are carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Gains and losses are recognised in the income
                        statement when the loans and receivables are derecognised or impaired, as well as through the amortisation process.
                        For investments carried at amortised cost, gains and losses are recognised in the income statement when the investments are
                        derecognised or impaired, as well as through the amortisation process.

                        c) Other Taxes
                        Revenue, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of goods and services tax (GST) or value added tax (VAT) except:
                        •   where the GST / VAT incurred on the purchase of goods and services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, in which
                            case the GST / VAT is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item as applicable; and
                        •   receivables and payables, which are stated with the applicable amount of GST / VAT included.
                        The net amount of GST / VAT recoverable / payable is included in receivables / payables in the statement of financial position.




For personal use only
                        Cash flows are included in the cash flow statement on a gross basis and the GST / VAT component of cash flows arising from
                        investing and financing activities are classified as operating cash flows.
                        Commitments and contingencies are disclosed net of recoverable / payable GST / VAT.

                        d) New accounting standards and interpretations
                        (i) Changes to accounting policy and disclosures
                        The accounting policies of the Group are consistent with those of the previous financial year.
                        The Group adopted all other new and amended Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations that became applicable during
                        the current financial year.
                        The adoption of other Standards and Interpretations did not have a significant impact on the Group’s financial results or statement of
                        financial position.




                                                                                                                         Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 103
                        Consolidated entity disclosure statement
                        The ultimate controlling entity of the Breville Group is Breville Group Limited. Outlined below is the Group’s consolidated entity
                        disclosure statement as at 30 June 2024 prepared in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). Unless indicated, no entities
                        are trustees, partners or participants in joint ventures.

                                                                                      As at 30 June 2024
                                                                                               % of       Place of                Australian
                                                                                              share       business/               resident           Foreign
                                                                                              capital     country of              or foreign         jurisdiction(s) of
                        Name of entity                               Type of entity            held       incorporation           resident           foreign residents
                        Breville Group Limited                       Body corporate              n/a      Australia               Australian         n/a

                        Thebe International Pty Ltd                  Body corporate             100       Australia               Australian         n/a

                        Breville Holdings Pty Ltd                    Body corporate             100       Australia               Australian         n/a

                        Breville Pty Limited                         Body corporate             100       Australia               Australian         n/a

                        Breville R&D Pty Ltd                         Body corporate             100       Australia               Australian         n/a




For personal use only
                        Breville Group Employee Share Trust          Trust                       n/a      n/a                     n/a                n/a

                        Breville New Zealand Limited                 Body corporate             100       New Zealand             Foreign            New Zealand

                        HWI International Limited                    Body corporate             100       Hong Kong               Foreign            Hong Kong

                        Breville Services (Shenzhen)                 Body Corporate             100       China                   Foreign            China
                        Company Limited

                        Breville Holdings USA, Inc.                  Body Corporate             100       United States           Foreign            United States

                        Breville USA, Inc.                           Body Corporate             100       United States           Foreign            United States

                        Baratza LLC                                  Body Corporate             100       United States           Foreign            United States

                        Holding HWI Canada Inc.                      Body Corporate             100       Canada                  Foreign            Canada

                        HWI Canada Inc.                              Body Corporate*            100       Canada                  Foreign            Canada

                        1591114 Ontario Inc.                         Body Corporate*            100       Canada                  Foreign            Canada

                        Breville Canada, L.P.                        Partnership*                n/a      n/a                     n/a                n/a

                        BRG Appliances Limited                       Body Corporate             100       United Kingdom          Foreign            United Kingdom

                        Sage Appliances GmbH                         Body corporate             100       Germany                 Foreign            Germany,
                                                                                                                                                     Switzerland, Czech
                                                                                                                                                     Republic, Poland

                        Sage Appliances France SaS                   Body Corporate             100       France                  Foreign            France

                        Breville Mexico, S.A. de C.V.                Body Corporate             100       Mexico                  Foreign            Mexico

                        Breville Korea Limited                       Body Corporate             100       Republic of Korea       Foreign            Republic of Korea

                        Lelit Srl                                    Body Corporate             100       Italy                   Foreign            Italy

                        Lelit Italy Srl                              Body Corporate             100       Italy                   Foreign            Italy

                        Seriveneta Srl                               Body Corporate             100       Italy                   Foreign            Italy

                        BRG Middle East Appliances LLC               Body Corporate             100       United Arab             Foreign            United Arab
                                                                                                          Emirates                                   Emirates

                        *   Breville Canada, L.P. is a partnership between HWI Canada Inc. and 1591114 Ontario Inc. and is therefore consolidated by Breville Group Limited.




             104 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Directors’ declaration
                        In accordance with a resolution of the directors of Breville Group Limited, I state that:
                        1. In the Directors' opinion:
                            (a) the financial statements and notes set out on pages 58 to 103 are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                                (i) giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity's financial position as at 30 June 2024 and of its performance for the
                                    financial year ended on that date, and
                                (ii) complying with Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001;
                                (b) the financial statements and notes also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the
                                    International Accounting Standards Board as disclosed in note 1;
                            (c) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and
                                payable, and
                            (d) the consolidated entity disclosure statement on page 104 is true and correct;
                            (e) at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the extended Closed Group
                                will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are or may become subject, by virtue of the Deed of Cross
                                Guarantee.
                        2. This declaration is made after receiving the declarations by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required to be




For personal use only
                           made to the Directors in accordance with section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 for the financial year ended 30 June 2024.
                        On behalf of the Board




                        Timothy Antonie
                        Non-Executive Chair
                        Sydney
                        21 August 2024




                                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 105
                        Auditor’s independence declaration



                              Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                              As lead auditor for the audit of Breville Group Limited for the year ended 30 June 2024, I declare that to the
                              best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:
                              (a)     no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to
                                      the audit; and
                              (b)     no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.
                              This declaration is in respect of Breville Group Limited and the entities it controlled during the period.




For personal use only
                              Aishwarya Chandran                                                                                    Sydney
                              Partner                                                                                        21 August 2024
                              PricewaterhouseCoopers




                              PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                              One International Towers Sydney, Watermans Quay, Barangaroo, GPO BOX 2650, SYDNEY NSW 2001
                              T: +61 2 8266 0000, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
                              Level 11, 1PSQ, 169 Macquarie Street, Parramatta NSW 2150, PO Box 1155 Parramatta NSW 2124
                              T: +61 2 9659 2476, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
                              Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.



             106 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Independent auditor’s report



                        Independent auditor’s report
                        To the members of Breville Group Limited

                        Report on the audit of the financial report

                        Our opinion
                        In our opinion:
                        The accompanying financial report of Breville Group Limited (the Company) and its controlled entities (together the
                        Group) is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:




For personal use only
                        (a) giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2024 and of its financial performance
                            for the year then ended
                        (b) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                        What we have audited
                        The financial report comprises:
                        •   the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2024
                        •   the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended
                        •   the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended
                        •   the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended
                        •   the consolidated income statement for the year then ended
                        •   the notes to the financial statements, including material accounting policy information and other explanatory
                            information
                        •   the consolidated entity disclosure statement as at 30 June 2024
                        •   the directors’ declaration.

                        Basis for opinion
                        We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those
                        standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report section of our
                        report.
                        We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                        opinion.

                        Independence
                        We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations
                        Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code
                        of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our
                        audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
                        the Code.




                        PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                        One International Towers Sydney, Watermans Quay, Barangaroo, GPO BOX 2650, SYDNEY NSW 2001
                        T: +61 2 8266 0000, F: +61 2 8266 9999
                        Level 11, 1PSQ, 169 Macquarie Street, Parramatta NSW 2150, PO Box 1155 Parramatta NSW 2124
                        T: +61 2 9659 2476, F: +61 2 8266 9999
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.



                                                                                                            Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 107
                        Independent auditor’s report continued



                              Our audit approach
                              An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from material
                              misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if individually or in
                              aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis
                              of the financial report.

                              We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion on
                              the financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management structure of the Group, its
                              accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.




For personal use only
                              Audit Scope
                              Our audit focused on where the Group made subjective judgements; for example, significant accounting
                              estimates involving assumptions and inherently uncertain future events. The Group comprises of entities
                              located globally, with the most financially significant operations located in Australia and the United States of
                              America. We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure we performed sufficient work to give an opinion on the
                              financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographical structure of the group. Under instruction and
                              supervision from the group audit team, component auditors in Italy performed an audit of the special purpose
                              financial information of significant financial statement line items used to prepare the consolidated financial
                              statements.


                              Key audit matters
                              Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
                              of the financial report for the current period. The key audit matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
                              the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
                              on these matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a particular audit procedure is made in that
                              context. We communicated the key audit matters to the Audit and Risk Committee.

                               Key audit matter                                                      How our audit addressed the key audit matter
                               Estimated recoverable amount of goodwill and intangibles              ●   Assisted by PwC valuation experts in aspects of our work,
                               with indefinite lives (Refer to note 11)                                  our audit procedures included, amongst others:
                               Under Australian Accounting Standards, the Group is required          ●   assessing the identification of CGUs and the allocation
                               to test goodwill and intangibles with indefinite lives annually for       of carrying value of assets and liabilities and cash flows
                               impairment.                                                               to those CGUs for consistency with our knowledge of the
                               The Group assesses goodwill and intangibles with indefinite               Group;
                               lives for impairment at the cash generating unit ('CGU') level.       ●   assessing whether the models applied by the Group for
                               This assessment is inherently complex and judgemental. It                 impairment testing were prepared in accordance with the
                               requires judgement by the Group in forecasting the operational            requirements of Australian Accounting Standards;
                               cash flows of the CGUs, and determining discount rates and            ●   comparing the cash flow forecasts in the models to the
                               terminal value growth rates used in the discounted cash flow              Board approved budget;
                               models used to assess impairment (the 'models').
                                                                                                     ●   testing the mathematical accuracy of the models;
                               The recoverable amount of goodwill and intangibles with
                               indefinite lives was a key audit matter given the:                    ●   assessing the terminal growth rates and discount rates
                                                                                                         applied in the models;
                               ●   financial significance of intangible assets to the
                                   consolidated statement of financial position; and                 ●   assessing cash flow forecasts, which contain key growth
                                                                                                         assumptions included in the models against historical
                               ●   judgement applied by the Group in performing the                      performance and budget accuracy, future strategic plans,
                                   impairment assessments.                                               and other market information;
                                                                                                     ●   performing sensitivity analyses over the key assumptions
                                                                                                         used in the models to understand the impact of reasonably
                                                                                                         possible changes to key assumptions; and
                                                                                                     ●   assessing reasonableness of the related financial statement
                                                                                                         disclosures for consistency with Australian Accounting
                                                                                                         Standards requirements.




             108 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                         Key audit matter                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter
                         Revenue from contracts with customers (Refer to note 3)              Our procedures over the recognition of revenue included, amongst
                         The Group's accounting policy is to recognise revenue                others:
                         when the performance obligation of transferring goods to the         ●   considering the Group's accounting policy in line with Australian
                         customer has been satisfied and the transaction price can be             Accounting Standard requirements;
                         measured.
                                                                                              ●   developing an understanding, and evaluating the design and
                         Revenue was a key audit matter given the financial                       implementation of key controls over the revenue to receivables
                         significance of revenue to the financial report and the                  business process;
                         significant audit effort required to gather sufficient appropriate
                         audit evidence for revenue recognition.                              ●   obtaining a sample of revenue transactions and testing back
                                                                                                  to source documentation, including identifying performance




For personal use only
                                                                                                  obligations, assessing whether the transactions occurred and
                                                                                                  were recognised in the correct period;
                                                                                              ●   understanding any manual adjustments; and
                                                                                              ●   assessing reasonableness of the related financial statement
                                                                                                  disclosures for consistency with Australian Accounting
                                                                                                  Standards requirements

                        Other information
                        The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included
                        in the annual report for the year ended 30 June 2024, but does not include the financial report and our auditor’s
                        report thereon. Prior to the date of this auditor's report, the other information we obtained included the Company
                        information, Directors' report and Corporate governance statement. We expect the remaining other information to
                        be made available to us after the date of this auditor's report.
                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express an
                        opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon through our opinion on the financial report. We have issued a
                        separate opinion on the remuneration report.
                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing
                        so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our knowledge
                        obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
                        If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this
                        auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to
                        report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
                        When we read the other information not yet received, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein,
                        we are required to communicate the matter to the directors and use our professional judgement to determine the
                        appropriate action to take.


                        Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report in accordance with
                        Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001, including giving a true and fair view, and for such
                        internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that is free
                        from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
                        In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to continue as
                        a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis
                        of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
                        alternative but to do so.




                                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 109
                        Independent auditor’s report continued



                              Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                              Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free
                              from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
                              opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
                              accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
                              Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
                              they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the
                              financial report.
                              A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the Auditing and
                              Assurance Standards Board website at: https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf. This




For personal use only
                              description forms part of our auditor's report.

                              Report on the remuneration report

                              Our opinion on the remuneration report
                              We have audited the remuneration report included in the directors’ report for the year ended 30 June 2024.
                              In our opinion, the remuneration report of Breville Group Limited for the year ended 30 June 2024 complies
                              with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.


                              Responsibilities
                              The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the remuneration report
                              in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
                              the remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




                              PricewaterhouseCoopers




                              Aishwarya Chandran                                                                                     Sydney
                              Partner                                                                                         21 August 2024




             110 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Shareholder information

                        Substantial shareholders notices as at 27 August 2024
                        Source: ASX Notices lodged

                                                                                                                 % of issued                     Number of
                        Name                                                                                 ordinary shares                ordinary shares
                        S. Lew Custodians (a)                                                                           30.42%                     43,638,384
                        Bennelong Australian Equity Partners                                                              9.38%                    13,449,087
                                                         (b)
                        Greencape Capital Pty Ltd                                                                         5.81%                     8,335,787
                                                                            (c)
                        First Sentier Investors Holdings Pty Limited                                                      5.15%                     7,392,739

                        (a)
                              The interests of S. Lew Custodians Pty Limited include a deemed relevant interest in the 36,499,538 shares held by Premier
                              Investments and shares held by other related parties of the group.




For personal use only
                        (b)
                              Challenger Limited lodged a substantial shareholder notice for the same shares noted above. Greencape Capital Pty Ltd is
                              an associated entity of Fidante Partners, a member of the Challenger Limited group of companies. The Challenger Limited
                              substantial shareholder notice declared a total holding of 8,585,787 shares (5.99%) which also included shares held by Apollo
                              Global Management, Inc.

                        (c)
                              Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. lodged a substantial shareholder notice for the same shares noted above on the basis
                              that it has 100% voting power in First Sentier Investors Holdings Pty Limited. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc.'s substantial
                              shareholding is therefore not included in the table above.



                        Distribution of shareholdings as at 27 August 2024

                                                                                                                                                    Ordinary
                        Size of holding                                                                                                         shareholders
                        1 to 1,000                                                                                                                        5,883
                        1,001 to 5,000                                                                                                                    1,694
                        5,001 to 10,000                                                                                                                     239
                        10,001 to 100,000                                                                                                                   212
                        100,001 and over                                                                                                                      40
                        Total shareholders                                                                                                                8,068



                        Voting rights
                        All ordinary shares issued by Breville Group Limited carry one vote per share without restriction.




                                                                                                                               Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 111
                          Shareholder information continued

                          Twenty largest shareholders by registered holder as at 27 August 2024

                          Name                                                                         Shares        % IC
                          Premier Investments Limited                                               35,761,415    24.933%
                          Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                             30,109,941    20.993%
                          HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                 22,587,599    15.748%
                          J P Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                                 17,428,854    12.151%
                          HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited-GSCO ECA                         3,113,767     2.171%
                          SL Superannuation No1 Pty Ltd <SL Superannuation Fund No 1 A/C>            3,000,000     2.092%
                          BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd                                                   2,093,861     1.460%
                          National Nominees Limited                                                  1,912,907     1.334%




For personal use only
                          Lew Family Investments Pty Ltd                                             1,891,461     1.319%
                          Lew Family Investments Ltd                                                 1,535,718     1.071%
                          HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited <Nt-Comnwlth Super Corp A/C>     1,476,733     1.030%
                          UBS Nominees Pty Ltd                                                        755,258      0.527%
                          Premier Investments Ltd                                                     738,123      0.515%
                          BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <Agency Lending A/C>                           723,128      0.504%
                          BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <Hub24 Custodial Serv Ltd>                     711,828      0.496%
                          S L Nominees Pty Ltd                                                        711,667      0.496%
                          Australian Foundation Investment Company Limited                            702,494      0.490%
                          Netwealth Investments Limited <Wrap Services A/C>                           622,638      0.434%
                          Mirrabooka Investments Limited                                              616,200      0.430%
                          Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited <Colonial First State Inv A/C>                467,461      0.326%
                          Total                                                                    126,961,053    88.517%




                          Unquoted equity securities as at 27 August 2024

                                                                                                      Number       Number
                                                                                                      on issue   of holders
                          Rights issued under the Breville Group Limited Share Plan to take up
                          ordinary shares                                                            2,589,741         247




             112 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
                        Company information

                        Directors                                                                     Share register
                        Timothy Antonie                                                               Boardroom Pty Limited
                        Non-Executive Chair                                                           Level 8, 210 George St
                                                                                                      Sydney NSW 2000
                        Lawrence Myers
                        Non-Executive Deputy Chair and                                                Enquiries within Australia: 1300 737 760
                        Lead Independent Director                                                     Enquiries outside Australia: (+61 2) 9290 9600
                                                                                                      Website: www.boardroomlimited.com.au
                        Jim Clayton
                        Managing Director and CEO                                                     Auditors
                        Tim Baxter                                                                    PricewaterhouseCoopers
                        Non-Executive Director                                                        One International Towers Sydney
                        Peter Cowan                                                                   Watermans Quay
                        Non-Executive Director                                                        Barangaroo NSW 2000

                        Sally Herman




For personal use only
                                                                                                      Bankers
                        Non-Executive Director
                                                                                                      Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited
                        Dean Howell                                                                   242 Pitt Street
                        Non-Executive Director                                                        Sydney NSW 2000
                        Tuula Rytilä
                        Non-Executive Director                                                        Company websites
                        Kate Wright                                                                   brevillegroup.com
                        Non-Executive Director                                                        breville.com
                                                                                                      kambrook.com.au
                        Company secretaries                                                           sageappliances.com
                                                                                                      chefsteps.com
                        Sasha Kitto                                                                   baratza.com
                        Craig Robinson                                                                beanz.com
                                                                                                      lelit.com
                        ABN
                        Breville Group Limited ABN 90 086 933 431

                        Registered office and principal place of
                        business
                        Ground Floor, Suite 2
                        170-180 Bourke Road
                        Alexandria NSW 2015
                        (+61 2) 9384 8100




                                            This report is printed on ecoStar+ which is an environmentally responsible paper made carbon neutral, and
                                             the fibre source is FSC Recycled certified. ecoStar+ is manufactured from 100% post consumer recycled
                                              paper in a process chlorine free environment under the ISO 14001 environmental management system.

                                                                   Design: Design United and Buzzsaw. Print: Hogan Print



                                                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2024 113
                        Selected Accolades

                                                                                                                IDSA Design Award – USA
                        GOOD DESIGN AWARD WINNER                                                                IDEA International Design Excellence
                        2022   BES876 Barista Express™ Impress                                                  Awards
                        2022   BOV950 the Joule Oven Air Fryer      Red Dot Design Award - Best of the Best     Silver Award
                        2021   CSV750/700 Hydro Pro Immersion       2022   BES876 Barista Express™ Impress      2019    BES878 the Barista Pro
                               Circulator
                                                                    2017   BNE800 Creatista Plus                2017    BES990 the Oracle Touch
                        2021   BMO870/8503 in 1 Combi Wave/
                               Smooth Wave                                                                      Bronze Award
                                                                    Red Dot Design Award
                        2021   BNE900 the Creatista™ Pro                                                        2019    BTM700 the Tea Maker Compact
                                                                    2023   BES881 the Barista Touch™ Impress
                        2019   BES878 The Barista Pro                                                           2019    BOV860the Smart Oven Air Fryer
                                                                    2023   BVE850 Vertuo Creatista
                        2019   BES500 The Bambino Plus                                                          2017    BES990 the Oracle Touch
                                                                    2022   BOV950 The Joule Oven Air Fryer
                        2019   BPZ8oo The Smart Oven Pizzaiolo                                                  2017    BNE800 Creatista Plus
                                                                    2020 BJB815 the 3x Bluicer Pro
                        2018   BJE830 The Juice Fountain Cold XL                                                2017    BSM600 the Smoking Gun
                                                                    2020 BNE900 the Creatista Pro




For personal use only
                        2018   BNE500 Creatista Uno                                                             2014    BES980 the Oracle Espresso
                                                                    2020 CSV750/700 Hydro Pro Immersion
                        2018   BDC450 The Precision Brewer               Circulator                             Finalists
                               Thermal
                                                                    2020 BMO870/850 3 in 1 Combi Wave /         2021    BJB815 the 3x Bluicer Pro
                        2017   BOV900 The Smart Oven Air                 Smooth Wave                            2021    CSV750/700 Hydro Pro Immersion
                        2017   BTA735 The Toast Select Luxe         2019   BES500 the Bambino Plus                      Circulator
                        2017   BNE8oo Creatista Plus                2019   BES878 the Barista Pro               2021    BMO870/850 3 in 1 Combi Wave /
                        2016   BPB620 Boss To Go Personal Blender   2019   BTM700 the Tea Maker Compact                 Smooth Wave
                        2014   BBL910 The Boss Superblender         2019   BBL920 the Super Q                   2019    BPZ800 the Smart Oven Pizzaiolo
                        2013   BRC6oo The Multi Chef                2019   BPZ800 the Smart Oven Pizzaiolo      2019    BES500 the Bambino Plus
                        2013   BEF100 The Thermal Pro Grill         2018   BES880 the Barista Touch             2018    BES880 the Barista Touch
                                                                    2018   BDC450 the Precision Brewer          2018    BDC450 the Precision Brewer Thermal
                        BEST IN CATEGORY - Domestic
                                                                           Thermal                              2018    BJE830 the Juice Fountain Cold XL
                        Appliances
                                                                    2018   BJE830 the Juice Fountain            2018    BFP820 the Kitchen Wizz Peel and
                        2022   An Aboriginal Culinary Journey              Cold XL                                      Dice
                        2017   BSM600 the Smoking Gun               2018   BFP820 the Kitchen Wizz Peel and     2017    BOV900 the Smart Oven Air
                                                                           Dice                                 2014    BWM640 the Smart Waffle
                        GOLD WINNER
                                                                    2017   BES990 the Oracle Touch              2014    BTA720/730 the Lift and Look Pro
                        2021   BJB815 the 3x Bluicer Pro
                                                                    2017   BSG600 the Perfect Press             2013    BFP800 Kitchen Wizz Food Processor
                        2019   BBL920 the Super Q
                                                                    2017   BFS800 the Steam Zone                2013    BBL 605 Kinetix Control Blender
                        2019   BTM700 the Tea Maker Compact
                                                                    2017   BSM600 the Smoking Gun               2013    BDC600 You-Brew Drip Coffee
                        2018   BES880 The Barista Touch
                                                                    2017   BOV900 the Smart Oven Air                    Machine
                        2017   BFS800 The Steam Zone
                                                                    2017   BTA735 the Toast Select Luxe
                        2017   BES990 The Oracle Touch
                                                                    2017   BKE735 the Soft Top Luxe
                        2016   CMC800 Control Freak Cooker
                                                                    2016   CMC800 Control Freak Cooker
                        2016   BEM825 The Bakery Boss
                                                                    2016   BEM825 the Bakery Boss
                        2015   BMO700 Quick Touch Microwave                                                     Good Design Award Chicago Anthenaeum
                                                                    2016   Thermal Pro Cookware
                        2015   BCP600 Citrus Press                                                              2022    An Aboriginal Culinary Journey
                                                                    2016   BPB620 Boss To Go Personal Blender
                        2015   BBL405 The Kinetix Twist                                                         2022    BES876 Barista Express™ Impress
                                                                    2015   BMO700 Quick Touch Microwave
                        2014   BES980 The Oracle Espresso                                                       2021    BMO870/8503 in 1 Combi Wave/
                               Machine                              2015   BCP600 Citrus Press
                                                                                                                        Smooth Wave
                        2013   BSG1974 the Original ‘74             2014   BES980 the Oracle Espresso
                                                                                                                2021    BNE900 the Creatista Pro
                                                                    2014   BMO734 the Quick Touch
                                                                                                                2019    BOV860 the Smart Oven Air Fryer
                                                                    2014   BTA720/730 the Lift and
                                                                           Look Pro                             2019    BES878 the Barista Pro
                                                                    2014   BWM640 the Smart Waffle              2019    BTM700 the Tea Maker Compact
                                                                    2013   BEF100 the Thermal Grill Pro         2019    BBL920 the Super Q Blender
                                                                    2013   BRC600 the Multi Chef                2019    BPZ800 the Smart Oven Pizzaiolo
                                                                                                                2018    BDC450 The Precision Brewer
                        2023   BES881 - the Barista Touch™
                               Impress                                                                          2018    BMC8oo The Control Freak
                        2022   BES876 Barista Express™ Impress                                                  2018    BES990 The Oracle Touch
                                                                    2022   An Aboriginal Culinary Journey       2018    BSM6oo The Smoking Gun
                                                                                                                2018    BOV900 The Smart Oven Air
                                                                                                                2018    BKE735 The Soft Top Luxe
                                                                                                                2018    BTA735 Toast Select Luxe


             114 Breville Group Limited annual report 2024
For personal use only
