                        Breville Group Limited
                        Annual Report 2022




For personal use only
For personal use only
                                  Acknowledgement of Country
                           Breville appliances are proudly designed and engineered at the Breville
                          headquarters in Alexandria, Sydney. This is Gadigal Country and the area
                         has been used by the Gadigal People as well as the Gamayngal, Bideagal and
                                                Gweagal Peoples for millennia.
                          Evidence of this deep connection can be found with remains of hunted
                        Dugong bones dating back 6,000 years, and a campsite at nearby Wolli Creek
                                              which is over 10,000 years old.
                        We acknowledge and pay respects to the traditional custodians of the land and
                        waters on which we work, the Gadigal People, and to their food culture that we
                         seek to support through sharing these works with Australia and the world.




                        Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                                                        Contents:

                        Chairperson’s and CEO review                                                  1
                        Strategy and brands                                                           2
                        Directors’ Report                                                           18
                        Corporate Governance Statement                                              63
                        Financial Report                                                            70
                        Shareholder Information                                                    126
                        Company information                                                        128

                                               Annual general meeting:
                                           Thursday 10th November 2022 at 10am.
                                                 Suite 2, 170-180 Bourke Rd,
                                                  Alexandria NSW 2015.
                        Chairperson’s and CEO review


                                       “A solid year for Breville, delivering record sales and




For personal use only
                                         EBIT against a dynamic second half backdrop”.

                        On behalf of the Board of Directors (“Board”) of          Breville’s continued success can only be achieved
                        Breville Group Limited (“Breville”) we are pleased to     through the outstanding contribution of the Breville
                        present the Annual Report for the year ended 30 June      team across the globe. We thank the team for their
                        2022 (“FY22”).                                            tenacity and agility in pushing through the tactical
                                                                                  challenges of FY22 and delivering record results while
                        FY22 saw Breville deliver record sales of over $1.4bn,
                                                                                  continuing to promote our longer term strategic plan.
                        consistent gross margins and a 14.6% growth in EBIT
                        to $156.4m compared with the pcp.                         In May of FY22 we were excited to launch of our
                                                                                  Aboriginal Culinary Journey range of products at the
                        Having doubled the size of the business in the last
                                                                                  National Museum of Australia in Canberra in May,
                        4 years, the breadth of our expanding geographic
                                                                                  where the originals are now on exhibit. We are hopeful
                        portfolio came through in FY22 as the accelerated
                                                                                  that through this limited-edition range, we, along with
                        growth in the Americas in the 2H partially offset the
                                                                                  our partners in this project, have set a gold standard
                        slowdown in Europe following the disruption caused
                                                                                  for how corporates can thoughtfully engage with
                        by the Ukraine invasion. EMEA and APAC are now
                                                                                  indigenous cultures to create something spectacular.
                        roughly the same size, and together, they balance the
                                                                                  This range is the culmination of over four years of
                        Americas, meaning a challenge in one region can
                                                                                  collaborative work and something we are very proud
                        often be compensated by strength in another. During
                                                                                  to have contributed to. We provide more detail on this
                        FY22 we entered South Korea and Poland, further
                                                                                  initiative, and our overall developing ESG agenda,
                        strengthening, and diversifying, our geographic reach.
                                                                                  goals and achievements in our Directors’ report.
                        Our Global Product segment revenue grew by 19.8% in
                                                                                  We would like to thank our fellow Directors for
                        FY22, or 18.0% in constant currency, with solid growth
                                                                                  their diligent focus and guidance during these
                        across all geographies. On a constant currency basis,
                                                                                  dynamic times. On behalf of the Board, we would
                        Global Product revenue in the Americas grew by
                                                                                  like to welcome and congratulate Tim Baxter on his
                        19.4%, APAC by 18.2%, and EMEA by 15.1%.
                                                                                  recent appointment to the Board, adding substantial
                        We managed margins well, demonstrating the pricing        additional global capability.
                        power of our premium brands and products in the
                                                                                  Finally, on behalf of the Board we would like to thank
                        face of increasing freight and product costs and global
                                                                                  our shareholders, customers, retail partners, and
                        currency fluctuations. Importantly, consistent with our
                                                                                  suppliers for their continued support, and we look
                        strategy to deliver long term sustainable value, our
                                                                                  forward to working with you all in FY23 and beyond.
                        investment in the medium-term growth drivers of the
                        business also continued as we increased our spend on      With many thanks,
                        Marketing, R&D and Technology Services.
                        The Group’s net working capital position at 30 June
                        2022 of $347.8m reflected both the restoration of a
                        more normal, or equilibrium, working capital level, and
                        the pull forward of a portion of 1H23 peak inventory to
                        partially de-risk the beginning of FY23 as supply chain
                        challenges continue. With this successful pull forward
                        of inventory, and our NPD pipeline beginning to come      Tim Antonie
                        to market, we are well positioned for continued growth    Non-executive Chairperson
                        in FY23.
                        The Board has declared total full year dividends of
                        30.0 cents, in line with the target payout ratio of
                        40% of EPS.

                                                                                  Jim Clayton
                                                                                  Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer




                                                                                                                                            1
                        Corporate social responsibility
                                                                                 Artwork © 2020 Lucy Simpson (Gaawaa Miyay)




For personal use only
                   Brand Guidelines. Updated August 2022
                   Brand Guidelines. Updated August 2022




                        Sustainability                                           Reconciliation Action Plan
                        Our ESG strategy – “to create innovative, attractive     The company’s first ‘Reflect’ Reconciliation Action
                        and energy efficient kitchen appliances, designed and    Plan (RAP) received official endorsement from
                        sourced in a socially and environmentally responsible    Reconciliation Australia in March 2022.
                        manner that delights our consumers, meets the
                                                                                 The progress of our RAP is guided by an Advisory
                        expectations of our stakeholders and delivers
                                                                                 Council of elders and community stakeholders that
                        sustainable value creation” is embedded in our
                                                                                 provides the Breville RAP Working Group with advice
                        business operations, new product development and
                                                                                 and information on equity issues facing Aboriginal
                        risk management processes. Details of our progress
                                                                                 and Torres Strait Islander communities as well as
                        on ESG initiatives is detailed in pages 25 - 40 of the
                                                                                 feedback and support around implementation and
                        Directors' report.
                                                                                 monitoring of actions, projects and commitments
                                                                                 identified in the RAP.
                                                                                 More information on these initiatives, and our
                                                                                 Reconciliation Action Plan, can be found on the
                                                                                 Breville Group Corporate website.
                                                                                  Artwork © 2020 Yalti Napangati




For personal use only
                        an Aboriginal Culinary Journey™
                        Breville|Sage is donating 100% of our profits from
                                                                                                               Lucy Simpson
                        the sale of the ‘Aboriginal Culinary Journey’ range
                                                                                                               (Gaawaa Miyay)
                        to create opportunity for Indigenous Australians. We
                        expect to raise just over $1,000,000AUD through the
                        sale of these items globally. Half of the funds will be
                        used to support the National Indigenous Culinary
                        Institute’s work to create employment opportunities
                        for aspiring Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander                                     Yalti Napangati
                        chefs and the ‘Indi-Kindi Program’ by the Moriarty
                        Foundation to support better childhood nutrition and
                        sharing Indigenous Food Culture. The other half will
                        be used for Indigenous scholarships and initiatives
                        at the University of Technology Sydney to create
                        pathways for employment in engineering, technology                                     Yukultji (Nolia)
                        and design.                                                                            Napangati




                                                                                                               Warlimpirrnga
                                                                                                               Tjapaltjarri




                                                                                                                                  3
                        New product launches




For personal use only
                        Coffee                                                    Colour
                        The Barista Express Impress introduces a new,             Breville|Sage launched the Black Stainless and
                        innovative assisted tamp system that makes manual         the Red Velvet colourways, expanding the Luxe
                        espresso making easier than ever before without           Collection beyond Black Truffle, Sea Salt, Damson
                        losing that hands-on feel. The Impress Puck System        Blue, and Smoked Hickory. Breville|Sage’s expanding
                        is a lever tamp system that applies a constant 10kg       colourways allow consumers access to the brands’
                        impression to your dose, finishing it with a 7° barista   innovation and performance benefits on a daily basis
                        twist for a more polished puck in combination with        by giving them the ability to coordinate their favourite
                        an intelligent dosing system that learns on the job,      appliances more directly with their kitchen aesthetic.
                        automatically calculating and adjusting the dose of       The brand has also included the new colourways
                        freshly ground coffee, as required, based on the last     into our existing augmented reality app, which
                        grind and tamp outcome. 25 Grind Settings with            gives consumers a sneak peek at how the different
                        Integrated Precision Conical Burr Grinder. A built in,    appliances and colourways will look in their kitchen
                        powerful manual steam wand that allows you to hand        prior to purchase. This has resulted in significant
                        texture microfoam milk enhancing flavour, which is        incremental sales of the brand’s appliances for
                        essential for the creation of latté art.                  consumer kitchens around the world.
                        The product has been very well received, and has
                        won some of the most prestigious awards, including
                        the Red Dot: Best of the Best in Product Design 2022
                        award and the Specialty Coffee Association’s 2022
                        Specialty Coffee Expo Best New Product Award in the
                        Consumer Coffee parathionion & Serving (Electrical)
                        category.
For personal use only
                        Connected cooking
                        The Joule Oven Air Fryer Pro is the company’s first       With the assistance of the Joule Oven, all consumers,
                        smart connected oven and is paired with the Joule         regardless of their skill level, will be confident that
                        Oven App which features an impressive digital             they’ll achieve the fool-proof and professional results
                        library of video-guided recipes and content from          they desire, the first time they use the oven, and every
                        world renowned chefs and culinary partners including      time thereafter. Consumers now are experiencing
                        New York Times Cooking, America’s Test Kitchen,           a wide range of perfectly prepared foods, ranging
                        Williams Sonoma and Serious Eats.                         from basics such as “Easy Bake Bacon” and “Air
                                                                                  Fried French Fries”, to simple recipes such as “Grilled
                        Each and every recipe in the Joule Oven App has
                                                                                  Cheese Sandwich” and “Levelled-up Air Fried Chicken
                        step-by-step visual instructions paired with just the
                                                                                  Wings”, to more complicated and sophisticated items
                        right element settings, to provide truly accessible and
                                                                                  such as “Set It and Forget It Rotisserie-style Chicken”
                        interactive cooking experiences. Home cooks can
                                                                                  and “Air Fried Steak, Salmon, Teriyaki Chicken and
                        cook full recipes on Autopilot, as the Joule Oven Air
                                                                                  Brussel Sprouts”.
                        Fryer Pro automatically switches modes and functions
                        at different cooking phases for a virtually hands-free
                        experience.




                                                                                                                                             5
                        Coffee Solutions




For personal use only
                        “Coffee Essentials” Bundles                                Beanz.com
                        Built on extensive customer research into the              Breville|Sage’s focus on providing its customers
                        espresso machine buying experience, Breville|Sage          the best at-home specialty coffee experience now
                        launched “Coffee Essentials” Bundles in December           includes third wave coffee bean subscription. Beanz.
                        2021. Carefully engineered to deliver a frictionless       com is designed to seamlessly complement our
                        experience that guides consumers to the right              internationally renowned espresso and coffee product
                        espresso machine for their lifestyle, and pair it with     portfolio and provide an easy pathway and better
                        a coffee subscription delivering freshly roasted           access to the top tier specialty coffee roasters. The new
                        specialty beans from artisan roasters to their doorstep.   platform, first to launch in the US and UK (with other
                        To ensure a delightful first-use experience, every         markets to follow), is designed for consumer-facing
                        customer receives a complimentary “Barista Tool            discovery and education. All beanz.com featured
                        Kit” with everything they need to make café-quality        roasters represent a growing group of best-in-class,
                        espresso, complete with an online “Masterclasses”          renowned, and emerging independent roasters.
                        with expert baristas and tutorials.
For personal use only
                        myBreville‰ / mySage‰                                    Experience Hub
                        My Breville|Sage is our consumers personal               Breville|Sage has launched the Experience Hub, that
                        dashboard, curated to include everything they need       delivers service and support at every stage in their
                        relating to their products. Once they join, they have    journey with Breville|Sage|Beanz, where existing
                        access to all their product information and relevant     consumers can access product information, and view
                        tutorials, a link to a 3D interactive onboarding app     inspiring content such as masterclasses and an ever-
                        relevant to their product, their purchase history,       growing library of recipes.
                        warranty details, their subscriptions to services such
                                                                                 The Experience Hub also includes tutorial videos
                        as beanz.com or cleaning products, masterclasses
                                                                                 covering everything from unboxing to learning latte
                        past and future, account details and easy links to our
                                                                                 art, available on demand and created to support
                        support platform and team.
                                                                                 consumers with their new product and with future
                                                                                 purchase decisions.




                                                                                                                                        7
For personal use only


                        Tingari Tingari men and the Ancestral Snake at Wilkinkarra
                        Artwork © 2020 Warlimpirrnga Tjapaltjarri
                        Strategy and brands

                                           Breville Group’s primary strategy is the design
                                            and development of the world’s best kitchen




For personal use only
                                          appliances together with expanding distribution
                                             and dynamic marketing on a global scale.
                        The Breville and Sage brands are at the core of this        Americas
                        strategy, representing the majority of the Group’s
                        revenues and marketing activities. There are, however,      In Americas, the Group distributes its range of
                        a number of additional company-owned brands and             internally designed and developed kitchen products
                        brand partners in different geographies that assist in      under the Breville and Baratza brands through
                        the delivery of the business strategy.                      premium channels and its own direct-to-consumer
                                                                                    e-commerce platform. From the second half of the 2018
                        In line with its global strategy, the Group is focused on   financial year, the Breville brand included a range of
                        the design, development and sale of Breville-branded        Breville co-branded Nespresso coffee machines as one
                        and Sage-branded products supplied in currently             of Nespresso’s machine partners in North America.
                        81 countries to the premium kitchen segment of the
                        market (‘Global Product’).                                  North American revenues also include a USA based
                                                                                    culinary division – PolyScience, one of the world’s
                        Most recently, on July 1st, 2022, the Group completed       market leaders in premier sous vide cooking in both
                        its acquisition of Castegnato, Italy based LELIT.           the commercial and professional markets.
                        Founded in 1895, LELIT designs, manufactures, and
                        markets premium home coffee equipment in Europe             Asia Pacific
                        and throughout the world. The acquisition brings
                        together two of the great coffee cultures of the world:     In Australia and New Zealand, the Group primarily
                        Italy and Australia. LELIT joins the Group’s previous       trades under its company owned brands, Breville®,
                        year acquisition, Seattle based coffee grinding             Kambrook®, Aquaport® and Cli-mate®).
                        company, Baratza LLC. Established in 1999, Baratza          The Kambrook brand extends to categories beyond
                        designs and markets premium coffee grinders for             the kitchen; offering not just a full range of kitchen
                        North America and international markets. The                appliances, but also irons, vacuums, heating and
                        acquisitions are complimentary to the Group’s               cooling products, all at an affordable price point
                        existing premium coffee business and all three brands       without any compromise on quality and performance.
                        have a shared passion for using product innovation to
                        improve the consumer’s coffee experience at home.           In the Asia Pacific region the Group markets its
                                                                                    premium designed and developed kitchen products
                        The past year also saw the Group successfully launch        under the Breville brand as well as selected products
                        beanz.com into the USA and UK markets. Beanz.om is          under the Kambrook brand in parts of Asia.
                        an online marketplace offering consumers third wave         The Group entered and took direct distribution
                        specialty coffee beans, produced by the best artisanal      responsibility for South Korea. Distribution in the
                        roasters, The platform enables consumers to select          rest of the regions is managed using local third-party
                        from a wide range of specialty beans, which are then        distributors supplied via the Group’s Hong Kong
                        roasted to order and delivered fresh; a subscription        office.
                        service then ensures that the consumer never runs out
                        and is always able to make the most of the Group’s          Europe, Middle East and Africa
                        equipment and produce a third wave specialty coffee
                        at home.                                                    In the United Kingdom and Europe, the Group
                                                                                    markets and distributes its premium designed and
                        The Distribution segment sells products that are            developed global kitchen products under the company
                        distributed pursuant to a license or distribution           owned brand, Sage® and Baratza. It is also a supplier
                        agreement, or they are sourced directly from                for Sage® branded goods to certain distributors located
                        manufacturers. Products in this business unit may           throughout Europe and the Middle East.
                        be sold under a brand owned by Breville® (Breville®,
                        Kambrook®, Aquaport®, Cli-mate®), or Sage® they may         In Europe the Breville brand is not owned or operated
                        be distributed under a third-party brand (Nespresso®).      by the Breville Group.
                                                                                    The Group markets its premium designed and
                                                                                    developed kitchen products under the Breville brand
                                                                                    as well as selected products under the Kambrook
                                                                                    brand in parts of Africa.




                                                                                                                                              9
For personal use only


                        Dhunbarrbil Place of many seeds ready for grinding
                        Artwork © 2020 Lucy Simpson (Gaawaa Miyay)
                        Strategy and brands continued

                        A History of Innovation                                    Breville’s ethos of ‘Food Thinking’ and creativity
                                                                                   remains as relevant today as it did then and continues
                        90 years ago, on Melbourne Cup day in 1932, two            to gain momentum and win over a new generation




For personal use only
                        Australian entrepreneurs, Bill O’Brien and Harry           of consumers, driving accelerated innovation and
                        Norville, combined their surnames together to              increased product development. Furthermore, the
                        form the name ‘Breville’ and founded a company             Group’s appreciation for food science and culinary
                        manufacturing radios out of Sydney.                        trends has led to the fostering of relationships with
                        During the 1960’s, Bill’s son John focused the             high profile food thinkers, including world renowned
                        organisation on solving common kitchen problems            baristas and chefs, some of whom have directly helped
                        and founded the Breville small appliance research and      the Group in a product development capacity.
                        development centre, which led to the invention of the
                        now iconic Breville toasted sandwich maker.                The Consumer at the Core of the
                        The toasted sandwich maker kick-started a long list of     Business
                        award-winning innovative Breville products developed       The Group focuses on driving consumer
                        in Australia and distributed throughout the world.         understanding of, and engagement with, the Group’s
                        From the original Kitchen Wizz™ food processor and         product and proposition. The Group believes that
                        High-Wall Wok, to the launch of the world’s first wide     consumers should be able to produce and enjoy a
                        feed chute Juicer, Breville has become synonymous          perfect result every time, and that they should never
                        with ground-breaking innovation in the kitchen.            have to settle or compromise just because they are
                        More recently, the Group has innovated in the world        making it at home. Through “Food Thinking”, the
                        of third wave specialty coffee, and has created a series   Group provides consumers with “Mastery in a Box”
                        of award winning successes, including the Barista          - innovative products which simplify and make the
                        Express, the Oracle, and more recently, the Barista        process of creation more of a pleasure, and the end
                        Express Impress.                                           result more perfect, each and every time.

                        Finally, this year, the connected Joule Oven Air Fryer     At the heart of this proposition lies a passionately-
                        Pro was successfully launched in North America, and        held belief that consumers should feel empowered to
                        joins a previous connected offering, the Joule Sous        share these results with those who are most important
                        Vide Immersion Circulator and expands the Group’s          to them; their family and friends. After all, the
                        presence in the world of the connected kitchen.            opportunities to make everyday moments an occasion
                                                                                   exist in the tens of thousands, and Breville believes
                                                                                   that use of its products will help consumers “Master
                        Growth of the Brand                                        Every Moment” and enjoy life to the fullest extent.
                        In 2000, Breville embarked on a project to expand its
                        design and innovation capabilities, building a much
                        larger internal team that has today become Australia’s
                        leading product development team. This investment
                        culminated in the 2003 launch of its premium
                        range of products into the United States and other
                        international markets.
                        In 2009, Breville combined its design and
                        development capabilities with a more focused
                        marketing, recruitment and cultural initiative entitled
                        “Food Thinking”. As a part of this strategy, internal
                        teams work closely with professional chefs and
                        consumers to develop insight and an integrated
                        approach to product development
                        • Deeper understanding of food, friction points, and
                          the challenges consumers face;
                        • Innovation to solve these challenges, protectable
                          as IP; marketed as “Simple Moments of Brilliance”
                        • Superior quality and engaging design




                                                                                                                                            11
For personal use only


                        Piruwa Women preparing Piruwa tea at Kiwirrkurra
                        Artwork © 2020 Yalti Napangati
                        Strategy and brands continued

                        Sage®                                                     Commercial products
                        In the United Kingdom and Europe, the Group               Originally distributed utilising the PolyScience®




For personal use only
                        distributes its premium designed and developed            (Culinary Division) brand (which the company still
                        products under the Group owned brand, Sage®. The          maintains the right to use), the company’s expanded
                        brand identity and positioning of Sage® is aligned        offering of commercial devices are now distributed
                        closely to the global Breville brand identity, ”Food      around the world under one the following two names
                        Thinking” approach, and “Master Every Moment”             as locally relevant;
                        empowerment strategy.
                                                                                  1) Breville | Commercial and 2) Sage | Commercial.
                        The Sage® distribution strategy is also very similar to   The company’s commerical division now includes
                        that of Breville in North America, with distribution      the world’s premier immersion cooking circulators
                        limited primarily to premium retailers and its own        (for sous vide cooking), as well as various specialty
                        direct to consumer e-commerce platform. The Group         cooking accessories such as the Smoking Gun™ (for
                        continues to invest in engaging marketing activity        rapid food smoking), the Control Freak™ (for precision
                        for the Sage® brand to drive targeted expansion           cooktop applications) vacuum sealers, and vacuum
                        and accelerate the brand’s presence in the premium        evaporations systems.
                        channel across Europe, the United Kingdom and the
                        Middle East.                                              ChefSteps™
                        Additionally, since 2017, the Group also works with       In July 2019, the Group completed the acquisition of
                        distribution partners who have decided to take            ChefSteps™, incorporating both the connected IoT
                        advantage of the Group’s investment in the Sage®          Joule sous vide immersion circulator, as well as taking
                        brand in their territories. Countries such as Denmark,    over the ChefSteps.com web property. The Joule
                        Sweden, Norway, Finland, Estonia, Lithuania, Latvia,      immersion circulator has been fully incorporated into
                        Czech Republic and Slovakia, amongst others, were         the Breville brand, and the Joule IoT experience has
                        the first to transition.                                  been expanded with the recent 2022 launch of the
                                                                                  Joule Oven Air Fryer Pro. Additionally, the website
                        Kambrook®                                                 property has been re-invigorated, and a new editorial
                                                                                  product placed behind a paywall, Studio Pass, was
                        Kambrook® has become known for quality, durable
                                                                                  successfully introduced by the team in 2020.
                        products at an affordable price point. The ever-
                        expanding product range encompasses appliances
                        for the kitchen, living room, laundry and bedroom.        Baratza™
                        Kambrook® continues to highlight the durability of its    The Group acquired Baratza LLC in October of
                        appliances and the rigorous testing process that each     2020. Its line of highly acclaimed home, prosumer
                        new product undergoes.                                    and commercial coffee grinders which include the
                        Products are subjected to extensive laboratory and        entry level conical burr offering, the Encore, to the
                        quality testing before receiving the Kambrook® seal of    commercial flat burr grinder, the Forte, are distributed
                        approval. To help emphasise that aspect of the brand,     globally, and will unlock dynamic revenue synergies
                        a new logo incorporating the “infinity symbol” in         for both businesses through a shared passion for
                        place of the two letter “o”s in the Kambrook® name was    innovation and an unwavering commitment to
                        introduced during FY17 and continues to find some         enhancing the consumer experience.
                        success and recognition in the marketplace as a mark
                        for quality assurance.




                                                                                                                                             13
For personal use only


                        Marrapinti Women’s ceremonies at Marrapinti
                        Artwork © 2020 Yukultji (Nolia) Napangati
                        Strategy and brands continued

                        Innovation and product                                      Processes built for the future
                        development                                                 With an aligned calendar setting process, within both




For personal use only
                        The core driving the Group’s growth continues               Breville itself and its external manufacturing and retail
                        to be investment in product development and a               channel partners, the Group seeks to fully leverage
                        focus on design and innovation. Breville has further        an increasing number of new product introductions
                        deepened its understanding of food, and how the             to continue to drive its business and iconic brands
                        consumer interacts with it, applying this to solving        forward.
                        problems in ways that are both valuable to people, and      By ensuring that the ‘go-to-market’ process is aligned
                        differentiated from competitors.                            functionally, regionally and with its external partners,
                        Breville actively protects this customer value through      the Group launches product, with impact, across a
                        increased investment in intellectual property               number of markets under the global distribution
                        protection and via the development of a portfolio of        footprint in order to ensure that the Group will
                        patented innovative products for future sustainable         reap the full potential of its innovation and design
                        growth.                                                     excellence.
                                                                                    The Group has established this process in the 2019
                        People – creative food thinkers                             financial year, and has continued to build off its initial
                                                                                    impact and success.
                        Breville enjoys the benefits of highly experienced
                        talent across all departments and geographies.
                        Integrated throughout its food thinking culture, the
                        passion, creativity and insight of staff has helped to
                        consistently bring world class innovative products
                        to consumers around the world. The team continues
                        to be awarded both domestically and internationally,
                        with multiple design awards, and recognition through
                        mainstream media.
                        Breville Group invests in the training and education of
                        its team, building strong, collaborative links with world
                        experts in food thinking and technology. The Group
                        is also involved in several consumer facing and chef
                        liaison activities.
                        Strongly committed to its core values of creativity,
                        simplicity, insight and excellence in all departments,
                        Breville recruits, trains, assesses and rewards
                        employees on this basis. With a team anchored
                        around these common values, the business fosters a
                        workplace that stimulates idea generation, a passion
                        for learning, and the continuous search for new and
                        better solutions.
                        During the 2022 financial year, the Group continued
                        to grow its highly talented and experienced team,
                        bringing on board additional experience and expertise,
                        particularly in the areas of marketing, product design,
                        research and development, IT, UI/UX Design and
                        logistics.




                                                                                                                                                 15
For personal use only


                        Kampurarrpa Kampurarrpa Dreaming at Ngami
                        Artwork © 2020 Yalti Napangati
                        Selected Accolades




For personal use only
                        GOOD DESIGN AWARD WINNER
                        2022   BES876 Barista Express Impress                                          IDSA Design Award – USA
                        2022   BOV950 The Joule Oven Air                                               IDEA International Design
                                                                Red Dot Design Award - Best of the     Excellence Awards
                               Fryer
                                                                Best
                        2021   CSV750/700 Hydro Pro                                                    Silver Award
                               Immersion Circulator             2022   BES876 Barista Express
                                                                       Impress                          2019   BES878 the Barista Pro
                        2021   BMO870/8503 in 1 Combi
                                                                2017   BNE800 Creatista Plus            2017   BES990 the Oracle Touch
                               Wave/ Smooth Wave
                        2021   BNE900 the CreatistaTM Pro                                              Bronze Award
                                                                Red Dot Design Award
                        2019   BTM700 the Tea Maker Compact                                             2019   BTM700 the Tea Maker Compact
                                                                2022   BOV950 The Joule Oven Air
                        2019   BBL920 the Super Q                                                       2019   BOV860the Smart Oven Air Fryer
                                                                       Fryer
                        2018   BES880 the Barista Touch                                                 2017   BES990 the Oracle Touch
                                                                2020 BJB815 the 3x Bluicer Pro
                        2017   BES990 the Oracle Touch                                                  2017   BNE800 Creatista Plus
                                                                2020 BNE900 the Creatista Pro
                        2017   BFS800 the Steam Zone                                                    2017   BSM600 the Smoking Gun
                                                                2020 CSV750/700 Hydro Pro
                        2016   CMC800 Control Freak Cooker           Immersion Circulator               2014   BES980 the Oracle Espresso
                        2016   BEM825 the Bakery Boss           2020 BMO870/850 3 in 1 Combi           Finalists
                        2015   BMO700 Quick Touch                    Wave / Smooth Wave
                                                                                                        2021   BJB815 the 3x Bluicer Pro
                               Microwave                        2019   BES500 the Bambino Plus
                                                                                                        2021   CSV750/700 Hydro Pro
                        2015   BCP600 Citrus Press              2019   BES878 the Barista Pro                  Immersion Circulator
                        2015   BBL405 the Kinetix Twist         2019   BTM700 the Tea Maker Compact     2021   BMO870/850 3 in 1 Combi Wave /
                        2014   BES980 the Oracle Espresso       2019   BBL920 the Super Q                      Smooth Wave
                        2013   BSG1974 the Original ‘74         2019   BPZ800 the Smart Oven            2019   BPZ800 the Smart Oven Pizzaiolo
                                                                       Pizzaiolo                        2019   BES500 the Bambino Plus
                        BEST IN CATEGORY - Domestic             2018   BES880 the Barista Touch         2018   BES880 the Barista Touch
                        Appliances
                                                                2018   BDC450 the Precision Brewer      2018   BDC450 the Precision Brewer
                        2022   Indigenous Art Project                  Thermal                                 Thermal
                        2017   BSM600 the Smoking Gun           2018   BJE830 the Juice Fountain        2018   BJE830 the Juice Fountain Cold XL
                                                                       Cold XL
                        GOLD WINNER                                                                     2018   BFP820 the Kitchen Wizz Peel and
                                                                2018   BFP820 the Kitchen Wizz Peel            Dice
                        2021   BJB815 the 3x Bluicer Pro               and Dice
                                                                                                        2017   BOV900 the Smart Oven Air
                        2019   BBL920 the Super Q               2017   BES990 the Oracle Touch
                                                                                                        2014   BWM640 the Smart Waffle
                        2019   BTM700 the Tea Maker             2017   BSG600 the Perfect Press
                               Compact                                                                  2014   BTA720/730 the Lift and Look Pro
                                                                2017   BFS800 the Steam Zone
                        2018   BES880 The Barista Touch                                                 2013   BFP800 Kitchen Wizz Food
                                                                2017   BSM600 the Smoking Gun                  Processor
                        2017   BFS800 The Steam Zone
                                                                2017   BOV900 the Smart Oven Air        2013   BBL 605 Kinetix Control Blender
                        2017   BES990 The Oracle Touch
                                                                2017   BTA735 the Toast Select Luxe     2013   BDC600 You-Brew Drip Coffee
                        2016   CMC800 Control Freak Cooker
                                                                2017   BKE735 the Soft Top Luxe                Machine
                        2016   BEM825 The Bakery Boss
                                                                2016   CMC800 Control Freak Cooker
                        2015   BMO700 Quick Touch
                                                                2016   BEM825 the Bakery Boss
                               Microwave
                                                                2016   Thermal Pro Cookware
                        2015   BCP600 Citrus Press
                                                                2016   BPB620 Boss To Go Personal
                        2015   BBL405 The Kinetix Twist
                                                                       Blender                         Good Design Award Chicago Anthenaeum
                        2014   BES980 The Oracle Espresso
                                                                2015   BMO700 Quick Touch               2021   BMO870/8503 in 1 Combi Wave/
                               Machine
                                                                       Microwave                               Smooth Wave
                        2013   BSG1974 the Original ‘74
                                                                2015   BCP600 Citrus Press              2021   BNE900 the Creatista Pro
                                                                2014   BES980 the Oracle Espresso       2019   BOV860the Smart Oven Air Fryer
                                                                2014   BMO734 the Quick Touch           2019   BES878 the Barista Pro
                                                                2014   BTA720/730 the Lift and          2019   BTM700 the Tea Maker Compact
                                                                       Look Pro
                                                                                                        2019   BBL920 the Super Q Blender
                                                                2014   BWM640 the Smart Waffle
                                                                                                        2019   BPZ800 the Smart Oven Pizzaiolo
                                                                2013   BEF100 the Thermal Grill Pro
                                                                2013   BRC600 the Multi Chef




                                                                                                      Breville Group Limited annual report 2022    17
                        Directors’ report

                        The Board of Breville Group Limited (company) has              Mr Clayton has extensive international experience in
                        pleasure in submitting its report in respect of the Group      consumer electronics, business transformation and
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022.                               strategy. He joined Breville from LG Electronics Inc.,




For personal use only
                                                                                       where he held a number of senior roles since 2009,
                                                                                       including Executive Vice President, New Business
                        Board of Directors                                             Division for LG’s Home Entertainment Company. Prior
                        The names and details of the company’s Directors in            to this, Mr Clayton worked for Symphony Technology
                        office during the year and until the date of this report are   Group, a Silicon Valley based private equity firm focused
                        as below. Unless indicated otherwise, directors were in        on midmarket enterprise software and technology
                        office for this entire period.                                 enabled service companies, and McKinsey & Company
                                                                                       in the US, Germany and Singapore.
                        Timothy Antonie                                                During the last four years he has not served as a
                        Non-executive Chairperson : BEcon                              director of any other listed company.
                        Mr Antonie has more than 25 years’ experience in
                        investment banking, corporate advisory and formerly            Peter Cowan
                        held positions of Managing Director from 2004 to 2008          Non-executive Director
                        and Senior Advisor in 2009 at UBS Investment Banking,          Mr Cowan has more than 30 years’ experience in
                        with particular focus on large scale mergers and               leading and building globally respected organisations
                        acquisitions and capital raisings in the Australian retail,    and brands in the FMCG sector. He served as both
                        consumer, media and entertainment sectors. Mr Antonie          Chairperson of the Board and CEO in key developing
                        is currently a principal of Stratford Advisory Group           markets for Unilever and has held Managing Director
                        providing independent financial advice to Australian           roles at Lion Nathan and New Zealand Dairy Board
                        and international corporations. He holds a Bachelor of         (Fonterra). Mr Cowan also held Regional Vice President
                        Economics degree from Monash University and qualified          positions at Alberto Culver and Johnson & Johnson.
                        as a Chartered Accountant with Price Waterhouse.
                                                                                       During the last four years he has not served as a
                        During the last four years he has served as a non-             director of any other listed company.
                        executive director of the following other listed
                        companies:                                                     Sally Herman
                        •   Netwealth Group Limited # (Chairperson)                    Non-executive Director : BA, GAICD
                        •   Premier Investments Limited #                              Ms Herman is an experienced non-executive Director
                        •   Village Roadshow Limited                                   sitting on public and private Boards in financial services,
                                                                                       retailing, property and consumer goods. She had a
                        # denotes current directorship
                                                                                       long career in financial services in both Australia and
                                                                                       the United States, including 16 years with the Westpac
                        Lawrence Myers                                                 Group, running business units in most operating
                        Non-executive Deputy Chairperson : B.Acct, CA,                 divisions of the Group. Ms Herman is actively involved
                        CTA                                                            in the community, with a particular interest in education,
                        Mr Myers has over 20 years’ experience as a practising         the arts and social justice. She is a member of Chief
                        Chartered Accountant. He is the Managing Director              Executive Women.
                        and founder of MBP Advisory Pty Limited, a high-end            During the last four years she has served as a
                        Sydney firm of Chartered Accountants. Mr Myers sits on         non-executive Director of the following other listed
                        numerous private company and not-for-profit Boards,            companies:
                        including the Foundation Board of the Art Gallery of
                        New South Wales and acts as a trusted advisor and              •   E&P Financial Group Limited
                        mentor on business and financial matters. He is a              •   Irongate Funds Management Limited (the
                        registered auditor and his specialist areas of practice            responsible entity for Irongate Property Fund I and
                        include business and corporate advisory as well as                 Irongate Property Fund II)
                        mergers and acquisitions. Mr Myers is Chairperson              •   Premier Investments Limited #
                        of the audit and risk committee (A&RC) and is the
                        company’s lead independent director.                           •   Suncorp Group Limited #
                                                                                       # denotes current directorship
                        During the last four years he has served as a director of
                        the following other listed companies:                          Dean Howell
                        •   VGI Partners Asian Investments Limited #                   Non-executive Director : FCA, CTA
                        •   VGI Partners Global Investments Limited #                  Mr Howell has had an extensive career in accounting,
                        # denotes current directorship                                 spanning over 40 years, and accordingly has a wealth
                                                                                       of commercial and advisory experience. He was the
                        Jim Clayton                                                    former senior partner of a Melbourne firm of chartered
                        CEO and Managing Director : BBA, JD                            accountants and also served on that firm’s national and
                                                                                       international Boards.
                        Mr Clayton was appointed Managing Director on 18
                        August 2021 and has been CEO since 1 July 2015.                During the last four years he has not served as a
                                                                                       Director of any other listed company.



           18           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Board of directors continued                                   Reporting currency and rounding
                        Kate Wright                                                    This preliminary final report is presented in Australian




For personal use only
                        Non-executive Director : BA                                    dollars and all amounts have been rounded to the
                        Ms Wright has more than 30 years’ experience in the            nearest thousand dollars ($’000) unless otherwise
                        consumer industry across Australia, the South Pacific          stated under the option available to the company under
                        and the USA. Her career has spanned manufacturing              ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors
                        operations, sales, marketing, human resources and              Reports) Instrument 2016/191. The company is an
                        general management within the consumer sector. Ms              entity to which the instrument applies.
                        Wright has held the positions of Managing Director,
                        Australia and South Pacific region at Philip Morris            Performance indicators
                        from 2001 to 2004 and Head of Korn Ferry Australia’s
                        Consumer and Retail Practice from 2005 to 2016.                Management and the Board monitor the financial
                        Ms Wright holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from the             performance of the Group by measuring actual results
                        University of New South Wales. Ms Wright is chair of the       against expectations as developed through an annual
                        people, performance, remuneration and nominations              business planning and budgeting process and refreshed
                        committee (PPRNC).                                             through in year reforecasts.
                        During the last four years she has not served as a             Appropriate key performance indicators (KPI’s) are used
                        Director of any other listed company.                          to monitor operating performance and management
                                                                                       effectiveness.
                        Tim Baxter
                        Non-executive Director : BS                                    Operating and financial review
                        Mr Baxter is an accomplished senior executive, with
                        over 35 years’ experience across the consumer                  The operating and financial review has been designed
                        electronics, retail, technology and telecom industries.        to enhance the periodic financial reporting and provide
                        He was previously Chief Executive Officer of Samsung           shareholders and other stakeholders with additional
                        Electronics North America, having been promoted to the         information regarding the Group’s operations, financial
                        role from Chief Operating Officer, America. Prior to this,     position, business strategies, risks, and prospects. This
                        he held several senior management positions across             review complements the financial report and has been
                        sales and marketing at Samsung, Sony Corporation and           prepared in accordance with the guidance set out in
                        AT&T Inc. Mr Baxter serves as a non-executive director         ASIC Regulatory Guide 247.
                        on a number of public and private company boards.
                        During the last three years, he has served as a non-           Company overview and principal activities
                        executive Director of the following listed companies:
                                                                                       The Group’s principal activities, and underlying strategy,
                        •   PAVmed Inc. #                                              remains the design and development of innovative,
                        # denotes current directorship                                 world-class, small electrical kitchen appliances and the
                                                                                       effective marketing of these products across the globe.
                        Company secretaries                                            In line with this strategy, and to drive sustainable growth
                                                                                       in both revenue and profits, the Group has developed:
                        The names and details of the company secretaries in
                                                                                       •   A strong, competitive, and growing product portfolio
                        office during the year and until the date of this report are
                                                                                           with proven international success;
                        as below.
                                                                                       •   An innovative, committed and high-quality team;
                        Sasha Kitto                                                    •   A research and development (R&D) culture that
                        LLB, FCA                                                           focuses on consumer solutions, sustainability and
                        Ms Kitto is a chartered accountant and has over 20                 emerging food and beverage technologies;
                        years’ experience as a practising chartered accountant         •   A strategic marketing capability supporting new
                        and in senior finance roles.                                       product launches and building brand awareness;
                                                                                       •   A corporate IT platform rolling out globally to bring
                        Craig Robinson                                                     speed and competitive advantage;
                        BA, ACMA
                                                                                       •   A proven methodology of successfully expanding
                        Mr Robinson is a Chartered Management Accountant
                                                                                           into new geographies;
                        with over 25 years’ commercial finance experience. He
                        has worked in FMCG, Medical Diagnostics and Sales              •   A track record of successfully integrating
                        Service industries in the UK, Australia, Switzerland and           acquisitions; and,
                        the USA.                                                       •   A strong balance sheet that provides a platform to
                                                                                           take advantage of future opportunities.




                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   19
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Operating and financial review continued                   Group operating results
                        Company overview and principal activities                                                                              %




For personal use only
                        continued                                                  AUDm1                            FY22          FY21     Growth
                        With significant headroom to grow, the Group’s             Revenue                        1,418.4      1,187.7      19.4%
                        objective is to deliver annual EBIT growth against
                                                                                   Gross profit                     485.9        413.7       17.5%
                        a variety of trading backdrops, while reinvesting in
                        R&D, marketing, technology services and geographic         Gross profit margin (%)         34.3%        34.8%
                        expansion to drive sustained growth and long-term
                                                                                   EBITDA                           186.8        163.3      14.4%
                        shareholder value creation. During FY22 the Group
                        continued to invest in new product development, to         EBIT                             156.4        136.4      14.6%
                        enhance our digital marketing offense and product          EBIT margin (%)                 11.0%        11.5%
                        solutions, to roll out the Global IT platform, and to
                        continue expanding geographically, entering Poland and     Dividend per share
                        South Korea in Q4 2022.                                    (cents)                           30.0         26.5      13.2%
                        The Group operates a global centralised business           Franked (%)                     100%          100%
                        structure with two business segments and three             Net cash / (debt) ($m)            (4.1)       129.9
                        geographic theatres as described below:
                                                                                   ROE                             18.9%        19.7%
                        •   The Global product segment sells premium
                            products designed and developed by Breville that       1
                                                                                       Minor differences may arise due to rounding.
                            may be sold directly or through third parties and      In FY22 the group achieved record revenue of over $1.4bn with
                            may be branded Breville®, Sage®, Baratza® or           solid growth (19.4%) following strong growth in FY21. In 2H22,
                            other Group owned brands.                              revenue growth moderated to 13.2% as revenue acceleration
                                                                                   in the Americas partially offset softness in EMEA as consumers
                        •   The Distribution segment sells products that
                                                                                   and retailers reacted to the Ukraine invasion.
                            are designed and developed by a third party
                            and are distributed pursuant to a license or           Gross margins in the Global Product segment were well
                            distribution agreement or are sourced directly from    managed, with demonstrated pricing power, offsetting an
                                                                                   inflationary backdrop of increased freight and product costs
                            manufacturers. Products in this business unit may
                                                                                   and a strong USD. Across the full year our growth in gross
                            be sold under a brand owned by the Group (e.g.,        profits was again reinvested into the medium-term growth
                            Breville®, Kambrook®), or may be distributed under     drivers of R&D, marketing and technology whilst maintaining
                            a third-party brand (e.g., Nespresso®).                our robust EBIT growth. In the 2H spend was aligned to the
                                                                                   revenue trajectory to deliver committed EBIT.
                        The three geographic theatres execute the sales,
                        distribution, and business development functions           In FY22 EBIT guidance of $156m was given, maintained, and
                        in each geography. The theatres are supported by           met, delivering another year of double-digit EBIT growth at
                                                                                   14.6%.
                        centralised functions including product development,
                        marketing, operations, IT, finance, and HR.                A final dividend of 15.0 cents per share (100% franked) has
                                                                                   been declared bringing total full year dividends to 30.0 cents
                        •   In Asia Pacific (APAC), the Group principally trades   per share (100% franked) representing 13.2% growth over the
                            under its company owned brands, Breville®,             prior comparative period (pcp) (26.5 cents per share).
                            Baratza®, Kambrook® and also distributes
                                                                                   As working capital was rebuilt to equilibrium levels from an
                            products under a machine partnership with              artificially low position in FY21, and a portion of 1H23 inventory
                            Nespresso®.                                            was pulled forward to partially de-risk the supply chain in
                        •   In the Americas, the Group markets and distributes     advance of the peak season, a cash outflow occurred with Net
                                                                                   Debt ending the year at $(4.1)m.
                            Breville®, Baratza® and Polyscience® branded
                            products and distributes Nespresso® products,          ROE shows continuing robust returns on invested capital.
                            under a machine partnership.
                        •   In Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA), the
                            Group markets and distributes Breville® designed
                            products under the company owned brands,
                            Sage® and Baratza®.




           20           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Operating and financial review continued
                        Segment results




For personal use only
                                                            Revenue                            Gross Profit                 Gross Profit Margin
                                 1
                        AUDm                      FY22          FY21 % Growth          FY22         FY21 % Growth                FY22         FY21
                        Global Product          1,178.5         984.2       19.8%      428.7        362.9        18.2%           36.4%       36.9%
                        % Growth in
                        constant currency        18.0%         37.0%
                        Distribution              239.9         203.5       17.9%       57.2         50.8        12.5%           23.8%       25.0%
                        TOTAL                   1,418.4      1,187.7        19.4%      485.9        413.7        17.5%           34.3%       34.8%
                        Our strategically key Global Product segment grew by nearly 20%, or 18% in constant currency terms. We
                        successfully raised price in this premium segment in all geographies to protect our GM% in the face of inflationary
                        pressures.
                        In the mass market Distribution segment, we also saw strong revenue growth with Nespresso back in stock, and
                        solid growth in Breville Local, offsetting lower growth in our mass market Kambrook brand.
                        Gross margins in this segment were more affected by inflationary pressures given the lower retail value per unit
                        shipped and higher shelf price sensitivity. Importantly, the Distribution segment was again successfully managed to
                        fulfill its strategic role of generating profit dollars for re-investment in growing the Global segment.

                        Global product segment revenue growth – reported and constant currency

                                                                        Global Product Segment Revenue                              4Yr CAGR
                                                                                                                 % in constant
                        AUDm1                                 FY22             FY21            % Growth               currency

                        Americas                              605.0            493.0             22.7%                 19.4%                 19.2%
                        EMEA                                  295.1            257.0             14.8%                 15.1%                35.6%
                        APAC                                  278.4            234.2             18.9%                 18.2%                 19.8%
                        TOTAL                               1,178.5            984.2             19.8%                 18.0%                22.5%
                        1
                            Minor differences may arise due to rounding.

                        Global Product segment revenue grew by 19.8% to                new coffee SKU the Barista ExpressTM Impress in New
                        $1,178.5m (FY21: $984.2m). In constant currency,               Zealand. June 2022 also saw the Group’s first direct
                        revenue grew 18% on top of a strong 37.0% in FY21. In          entry into Asia as we launched in South Korea.
                        the four years since FY18 the segment has more than
                                                                                       Overall, FY22 was another strong example of our
                        doubled with a CAGR of 22.5% driven by sustained
                                                                                       portfolio working for us and delivering a good result
                        investment in product development, digital marketing,
                                                                                       even in volatile times in one region.
                        geographic expansion, and a single global technology
                        platform.                                                      Financial Position
                        2H22 strength in the Americas partially offset 2H22            The Group’s net working capital position at 30 June
                        softness in EMEA and another solid performance from            2022 of $347.8m reflects the restoration of a more
                        APAC.                                                          normal, or equilibrium, position, and the pull forward of
                        The Americas, our largest region, was also our fastest         a portion of 1H23 peak inventory.
                        growing region in FY22 at 22.7%. Growth accelerated in         The Group’s total working capital position ($160.2m)
                        2H as the theatre returned to an in-stock-position, and        at 30 June 2021 was reported as being at least $80m
                        consumer sell-out proved resilient with 32% reported           below equilibrium with insufficient landed inventory
                        growth or 24% in constant currency terms.                      resulting in constrained revenue and unusually low
                        EMEA slowed in the 2H with consumer nervousness                receivables. During FY22 a more normal inventory and
                        following the Russian invasion of Ukraine, exacerbated         receivables pattern has been successfully rebuilt.
                        by a general retailer destocking. We did not engage in         The group typically builds towards peak inventory in
                        the widespread discounting seen in the market in H2            September, allowing delivery to customers in October
                        22, and our market share held overall despite a 2H22           and November, to in turn meet peak seasonal consumer
                        revenue decline of (15.9)%.                                    demand in November and December. Given the current
                        Conversely APAC delivered a solid performance in               supply chain risks of manufacturing shut down and/
                        both the first and second half, and we saw good signs          or transport restrictions the operations team has
                        of things to come from the early performance of our            successfully landed a portion of peak inventory earlier
                                                                                       than normal.



                                                                                                            Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   21
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Operating and financial review continued
                        Segment results continued




For personal use only
                        To meet expected 1H23 revenue a significant amount of            Net Cash and Free Cash flow
                        stock will still need to be successfully built and landed,
                        but this pull forward helps partially de-risk our 1H23.          Reduced net cash reflects a year of free cash outflow
                        This tactical pull forward has inventory of $445.9m at 30        as working capital has been normalised and inventory
                        June 2022.                                                       pulled forward. This follows a strong cash inflow the
                                                                                         year before when working capital was driven below
                        Average receivable days were well controlled, and                equilibrium.
                        within terms, at 61 days (pcp 59 days). 30 June 2022
                        receivables of $194.2m reflects a more normal Q422               Our assessment of supply chain risks will inform our
                        revenue pattern and the impact of USD translation at             approach to inventory holdings in FY23. The negligible
                        the end of the year. Higher payables at the year-end             obsolescence risk of our products makes holding stock
                        largely reflects payables on the brought forward stock           an attractive mitigant to current supply chain risks.
                        purchases.                                                       Dividends
                        Our fixed assets increase reflects a stepped-up
                                                                                         A final dividend of 15.0 cents per share (100% franked)
                        investment in production tools as new products are
                                                                                         has been declared (FY21: 13.5 cents,100% franked)
                        readied for release. Our intangibles continue to grow
                                                                                         bringing the total dividends for the year to 30.0 cents
                        with the business as we continue to strategically invest
                                                                                         per share, a 13.2% growth over the pcp.
                        in product development and deliver new products.
                                                                                         The dividend reflects the target payout ratio of 40% of
                        The Group’s ROE remains healthy at 18.9%.
                                                                                         EPS on a full year basis.
                                                                                         The final dividend will have a record date of 15
                                                                                         September 2022 and will be paid on 6 October 2022.



                        Material business risks
                        The material business risks that may impact the achievement of the Group’s strategy and its financial prospects are
                        summarised below, together with key actions intended to mitigate these risks.

                         Risk             Nature of risk                           Key actions to mitigate risk
                         Supply chain     Interruptions to the supply chain        Inventory is held in market to provide a buffer against
                         disruption       could arise from COVID-19                supply chain interruptions. In the current heightened risk
                         and input        outbreaks and public health              environment some peak season inventory is being brought
                         cost risk        decisions disrupting production          to market early.
                                          plants. A shortage of components,
                                                                                   Core S&OP process gives long forward visibility to suppliers
                                          non-availability of shipping,
                                                                                   to help ensure that required components, labour etc. are
                                          inadequate port slots to unload
                                                                                   secured.
                                          in destination markets may also
                                          disrupt supply. Extreme climate          Breville uses multiple manufacturers where possible to de-
                                          events also present a risk to supply     risk dependence on single suppliers and establishes long
                                          continuity. This potentially puts        term partnerships to manage short term cost fluctuations.
                                          Group revenue and profitability at       Alternative manufacturing locations are being scoped to
                                          risk.                                    diversify locational risk.
                                          Inflationary pressures on                Input cost inflation is monitored and negotiated by product
                                          manufacturing and transport costs        and supplier in both USD and landed currency.
                                          may arise from high demand for           Pricing power of our premium, innovative products is
                                          consumer goods, shipping and             leveraged to protect margins where possible on a market-
                                          labour combined with general             by-market basis.
                                          inflationary pressures and
                                          exchange rate movements. Unless          Contracted shipping rates are secured where possible.
                                          recoverable by pricing this puts the     Exchange rates are hedged 12 months in advance. Both of
                                          profitability of the Group at risk.      these activities provide forward visibility of effective costs for
                                                                                   12 months to allow effective management of margins.




           22           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Operating and financial review continued
                        Material business risks continued




For personal use only
                         Risk             Nature of risk                           Key actions to mitigate risk
                         Demand           There is risk of volatility in the       The increasingly balanced global revenue footprint of the
                         pattern risk     growth trajectory of the company         Group diversifies risk and mitigates the impact of disruption
                                          arising from COVID-19 pandemic           in a specific region on the Group results.
                                          and general economic or market
                                                                                   Weekly sell-out is monitored by product and customer. This
                                          shocks e.g., Ukraine war impacting
                                                                                   forward visibility allows informed adjustments in terms of
                                          European consumers.
                                                                                   market activity in a timely manner to optimise revenue and
                                          This can impact revenue and profits      margin.
                                          and reputational risk with investors
                                                                                   Rolling forecasting of annual CM$ delivery allows
                                          if expectations are not met.
                                                                                   contraction, and expansion, of expenses as needed to
                                                                                   protect profit delivery within a specific year. The Group has
                                                                                   a strong track record of delivering EBIT growth against a
                                                                                   variety of backdrops.
                                                                                   The premium, innovative nature of the product range
                                                                                   historically provides some resilience of demand to short term
                                                                                   economic conditions.
                                                                                   The Group is committed to tactically buying inventory to
                                                                                   serve upside forecasts and thus avoid lost revenue in the
                                                                                   case of volatile demand. This approach is supported by
                                                                                   adequate working capital debt facilities to call on as needed.
                                                                                   As inventory is neither seasonal, nor perishable, the risk of
                                                                                   stock obsolescence is limited.
                         ESG risk and     Reputational risk with employees,        Approach to ESG issues and risks is detailed in the ESG
                         sustainability   customers, investors and society,        report section of the Directors report page 25 to 40 which
                                          and subsequent financial impact,         covers the Group’s approach to climate emissions and ESG
                                          if the Group fails to act adequately     responsibilities more generally.
                                          on ESG issues and/or fails to
                                                                                   Group commitment to a sustainable business and business
                                          communicate its strategy and
                                                                                   model is guided by the Board Sustainability committee.
                                          approach.
                                          Risk to supply continuity from
                                          extreme climate events (see above).
                         Product          Insufficient or ineffective investment   Securing of proven, world class leadership for product
                         development      in product development and               development, technology services, marketing and solutions
                         and              innovation, and inadequate               functions.
                         innovation       communication of the innovative
                                                                                   Strategic annual reallocation of funds to increase investment
                         risk             range to customers and consumers
                                                                                   in product development, technology and solutions as well as
                                          may result in loss of competitive
                                                                                   marketing and communications.
                                          advantage.
                                                                                   The Group retains the target of sustainably increasing
                                                                                   investment in these key growth functions. The prioritisation
                                                                                   of investment in these growth drivers is communicated as
                                                                                   a core part of Group strategy in investor engagements and
                                                                                   results presentations.
                         Key              High turnover of key staff may           Annual high potential and succession planning identifies
                         Employee         impact the performance of the            successors for key roles and individual development plans
                         Risk             Group if there is inadequate             for key individuals.
                                          succession planning in place.
                                                                                   Key roles are benchmarked to market domestically and
                                          Inadequate career planning
                                                                                   internationally, to ensure that they are competitive. In FY22
                                          and inadequate comparative
                                                                                   an enhanced CEO package was implemented to help retain
                                          remuneration may heighten turnover
                                                                                   a high performing, global CEO.
                                          especially given the Group’s recent
                                          strong performance and the global        Retention is encouraged through the use of LTI plans and
                                          “war for talent”.                        fixed deferred remuneration share rights.




                                                                                                           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   23
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Operating and financial review continued
                        Material business risks continued




For personal use only
                         Risk             Nature of risk                             Key actions to mitigate risk
                         Cyber            Breaches of cyber security is a            The technology services team has further strengthened
                         security risk    growing global risk as the volume          our cyber security and privacy programs in FY22 within an
                                          and sophistication of threats has          overall security and privacy framework. Including:
                                          increased, partially from the broad-
                                                                                     •   Deployment of modern IT infrastructure with latest
                                          based working from home reality.
                                                                                         security defences.
                                          Risks include:
                                                                                     •   Penetration testing and vulnerability assessments.
                                          •   Unauthorised access to
                                              data/information leading to            •   PCI Audits and external reviews of some of our key
                                              reputational damage and/or risk            cloud operating environments.
                                              of litigation.                         •   Selection of a privacy and data mapping platform
                                          •   Malicious attacks that result              to facilitate compliance with multiple global privacy
                                              in outages and service and                 obligations.
                                              revenue disruption.                    •   Staff mandatory multi-factor authentication and annual
                                          •   Ransom demands with direct                 cyber security and phishing training.
                                              financial consequence to the           •   Breville has a cyber insurance policy in place.
                                              business.
                                          •   Failure to comply with regulatory
                                              standards risks financial fines
                                              or restrictions to conduct
                                              business.
                                          •   Business interruption and
                                              availability of systems following
                                              a breach.
                         Health and       Poor WHS and well-being practices          The Board receives and reviews OHS statistics and incidents
                         safety risk      can impact both the motivation             on a monthly basis to ensure top-down ownership of this
                                          and engagement of employees                risk. A dedicated OHS officer ensures accurate monitoring
                                          resulting in an impact on business         and timely action on any issue.
                                          performance as well as exposing
                                                                                     Breville has an outsourced business model for manufacturing
                                          the Group to reputational and
                                                                                     and distribution.
                                          financial risk via litigation and fines.
                                                                                     In terms of COVID-19 risk management for a primarily office-
                                          Inherent in producing and selling
                                                                                     based Group, a comprehensive work from home approach,
                                          kitchen appliances is also the risk
                                                                                     supported by OHS guidelines was established on a territory-
                                          of poor-quality products harming
                                                                                     by-territory basis.
                                          consumers with a safety and
                                          reputational impact as well as             Technological enhancements were made by providing all
                                          financial risk from lost revenue and       staff with necessary IT equipment and implementing the
                                          damages.                                   use of Zoom, Teams, Slack and e-mails to ensure work
                                                                                     would continue without disruption in the work from home
                                                                                     environment.
                                                                                     In recognition of the strain that lockdowns and sustained
                                                                                     working from home can place on our employees’ mental and
                                                                                     physical wellbeing, we implemented a range of activities and
                                                                                     support programs to support employees.
                                                                                     Breville has extensive compliance processes in place
                                                                                     to ensure its products are safe and exceed regulatory
                                                                                     standards in our various markets. Rigorous safety
                                                                                     standards are a critical element in our approach to product
                                                                                     development. Post design the Group maintains a zero-
                                                                                     tolerance Pre-Shipment Inspection (PSI) program for all
                                                                                     products before they leave the factory.
                                                                                     Protocols are in place for rapid reaction to any reported
                                                                                     in-use consumer event including product recalls. Breville has
                                                                                     not had to issue a product recall since 7 November 2016.




           24           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Operating and financial review continued                    ESG report
                                                                                    Our commitment to sustainability
                        Group strategic acceleration program




For personal use only
                        update                                                      The Breville Group is committed to ethical, responsible,
                                                                                    and sustainable conduct across and throughout its
                        During FY22, the Group has continued to progress its        business, reinforced through our culture, process,
                        acceleration program, the impacts of which have helped      structure, and policy. Our ESG priorities and strategy are
                        drive the FY22 operational and financial performance.       a central part of our overall business strategy and are a
                        Through FY17-20 the Group moved from specific new           fundamental part of the way we now work.
                        product development innovation, or Food Thinking,           Our ESG strategy – “to create innovative, attractive
                        to the commercialisation of a range within a category       and energy efficient kitchen appliances, designed and
                        or Category Thinking. During FY21, the Group started        sourced in a socially and environmentally responsible
                        to move up the curve to Solution Thinking. Solution         manner that delights our consumers, meets the
                        Thinking seeks to provide not only a product, but           expectations of our stakeholders and delivers
                        whatever other components (product, software, or            sustainable value creation” is embedded in our business
                        service) are required to enable consumers to achieve        operations, and risk management process.
                        the end results they are seeking.
                                                                                    As a consumer facing company, that operates in
                        The JouleTM Sous Vide, acquired as part of the              the heart of our consumers’ homes, the kitchen, our
                        ChefSteps acquisition, was the Group’s first integrated     reputation, and ability to meet ethical and behavioural
                        solution offering. The JouleTM Oven Air Fryer Pro was       expectations, is core to our sustained sales, business
                        launched in FY22 - leveraging the outstanding content       health and value creation. Our ESG strategy and
                        development capabilities acquired with ChefSteps, as        priorities are shaped by an on-going engagement and
                        well as existing Breville content. The development of our   dialogue with our stakeholders – our employees, our
                        BeanzTM marketplace linking consumers to roasters was       consumers, our shareholders, our suppliers, regulators,
                        further rolled out in FY22.                                 local communities, and specific interest groups. For
                        Our innovative product range is supported by increased      some priorities, our approach is further informed by
                        investment in Go-To-Market initiatives and specifically     scientific analysis and measurement such as detailed
                        our digital offense including PR, brand communications,     life cycle analysis (LCA) which ensures that we prioritise
                        website enhancements and the creation of world class        initiatives that empirically have the biggest impact on
                        digital assets and content.                                 reducing carbon emissions.

                        In terms of geographic expansion, we entered Poland         Engagement with employees takes place via open
                        at the end of FY22, and our entry into South Korea          membership of various sustainability committees (e.g.,
                        in June 2022 was our first direct entry into Asia. Our      the Diversity and Inclusion Committee), staff surveys
                        increasingly diversified geographic portfolio, with EMEA    and townhall meetings. Consumer feedback comes in
                        and APAC of similar size and together equivalent to the     the form of analysis of product reviews, focus panels
                        Americas, proved a strength in FY22 as Americas and         and direct feedback. Engagement with investors is
                        APAC compensated for a slower 2H22 revenue growth           ongoing through both group and one-on-one meetings
                        in EMEA.                                                    where ESG is inter-twined with business performance
                                                                                    discussions. With suppliers, ESG forms a standing
                        The Group completed the roll out of its centralised,        part of our regular business review agendas and is
                        scalable global IT platform in FY22 to support              monitored during site visits. We keep informed of
                        accelerated growth. The platform is live in all key         developing regulation via our company sustainability
                        territories including Australia and Korea which were        committees, general legal counsel, corporate secretarial
                        the last two to go live. The platform includes sales        function and through briefings with our professional
                        and operational planning; a product information             advisors. Community activities are ongoing, and we
                        management (PIM) system; a CRM system; an ERP;              seek to understand first by listening, for example
                        customer EDI interfaces; and a point-of-sale information    through the establishment of RAP Advisory Council,
                        module as well as various analytical capabilities. It       and second by learning, for example through our Black
                        allows efficient and effective management of the current    America History week run each year in the Americas.
                        business and critically facilitates rapid growth whether    We also engage with key issue interest groups such as
                        it be via organic development, new country entry, or by     IAST (Investors against Slavery and Trafficking) to keep
                        the successful absorption of acquisitions.                  abreast of best practice and opportunities.
                        An incremental $36m was invested in tech services,          Our strategy is set, but we strive to constantly improve
                        R&D, solutions, and marketing in FY22 representing          and adapt our execution each year. In this ESG report
                        over 50% of the increase in gross profits for the year.     we outline the key priorities that we have focused on in
                                                                                    FY22. We have made good progress on each issue, but
                                                                                    there is clearly more to be done.




                                                                                                       Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   25
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Operating and financial review continued                            stakeholder expectations. We also acknowledge and
                                                                                            work with the 17 UN sustainable development goals in
                        ESG report continued                                                shaping our priorities.




For personal use only
                        In terms of disclosure, we welcome the initiative of                For FY22 we have largely followed our FY21 disclosure
                        the ISSB (International Sustainability Standard Board)              approach - identifying key priority areas and presenting
                        in moving towards a standard and industry specific                  progress on each as well as sharing our Task Force
                        framework for ESG disclosure. As the current exposure               on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) risk
                        drafts develop, we fully expect to migrate towards                  analysis approach.
                        this approach to disclosure and reporting to meet

                        Key Priorities

                              Environmental                           Social                                  Governance
                              1. Climate Change & Action              2. Product quality and safety           6. Corporate Governance
                              1.1 Climate risks & opportunities                                               6.1 Board independence & diversity
                                                                      3. Ethical Sourcing: Human rights
                                  (TCFD) approach
                                                                          & modern slavery                    6.2 Internal ESG reporting
                              1.2 Carbon emissions -                                                              mechanisms
                                  measurement and target              4. Community Relations
                                  reductions                                                                  7. Corporate Behaviour
                                                                      4.1 Community engagement
                              1.3 Energy efficiency                                                           7.1 Anti-bribery & corruption and
                                                                      4.2 Reconciliation action plan
                                                                                                                  whistle blowing
                              1.4 Sustainable design, repairability
                                  & end of life                       5. Employee Wellbeing                   7.2 Cyber security & data privacy
                              1.5 Sustainable packaging               5.1 Diversity & inclusion               7.3 Tax transparency and
                                                                                                                  governance
                              1.6 Waste diversion                     5.2 Health & safety
                                                                                                              7.4 Policy availability


                        Environmental                                                       and distribute is undeniably impacted by climate
                                                                                            change considerations – both empirically based and
                        1. Climate Change & Action                                          those influenced by opinions of our consumers and
                                                                                            stakeholders.
                        1.1 Climate risks and opportunities (TCFD)
                                                                                            One of the biggest potential risks and opportunities
                        We are signed up as a supporter of TCFD and are                     presented by climate change relates to stakeholder
                        steadily implementing the recommendations of the                    expectations, especially consumers, who will
                        TCFD in terms of how we analyse and report climate                  increasingly purchase products based on a specific
                        risk. This approach helps us identify our exposure to               product’s credentials or a company’s or brand’s
                        climate-related risks and identify appropriate actions to           environmental and ESG credentials. We believe that
                        mitigate these risks. In taking this risk-based approach            these informed choices will increasingly and materially
                        we seek to understand both what impact Breville is                  impact the revenue and profitability of the Group. This
                        having on the climate, as well as how climate change                therefore strategically impacts the type of products we
                        can impact the sustainability of our business with a                develop, how they are packaged, how energy efficient
                        specific focus on;                                                  they are as well as how we communicate this to
                        i.      How climate risks and opportunities impact the type         consumers.
                                of products we design and produce                           This risk analysis informs our new product development
                        ii.     How consumer and society expectations present               (NPD) which is a core part of our growth strategy.
                                both risks and opportunities to our business growth         We have already made good progress in designing,
                                                                                            engineering, and providing our customers with more
                        iii. How the impact of living with climate change                   energy efficient options (see ThermoJet on page
                             impacts our business                                           31). Furthermore, our design and engineering teams
                                                                                            increasingly look to optimise the strength and weight of
                              TCFD Goal: Disclose the actual and potential                  the materials we use to reduce material consumption,
                                   impacts of climate-related risks and                     identify alternative recyclable materials and engineer
                             opportunities on the organisation’s businesses,                repairability into products to delay and reduce the end-
                               strategy, and financial planning where such                  of-life impact of appliances. Climate related risks and
                                          information is material.                          opportunities are inter-twined with our strategic product
                        Breville’s primary strategy is the design and                       development cycle.
                        development of the world’s best small kitchen
                                                                                                   TCFD Goal: Disclose how the organisation
                        appliances and the distribution of these on a global
                                                                                                  identifies, assesses, and manages climate-
                        scale. The type of products we choose to design
                                                                                                                  related risks.




           26           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Operating and financial review continued                       through a top-down review by the CEO, CFO and
                                                                                       Board. Climate change is an amplifier for several of our
                        ESG report continued                                           other material business risks. As such, we recognise




For personal use only
                        Breville has an enterprise-wide risk mapping and               the potential impacts of climate change as both
                        mitigation process led by the Audit and Risk committee         environmentally and financially material.
                        that includes climate risks. Given their importance            The key risks, impact, mitigants and opportunities
                        climate risks are treated as enterprise level risks. Risks     are categorised in alignment with the TCFD
                        are identified through a granular bottom-up process            recommendations below:
                        via each territory and function and are then prioritised

                         Type of risk           Description of risk              Risk mitigation measures         Opportunities
                         TCFD category:         ESG - Initiatives and            Increase our level of emission   Increase our brand’s
                         Transition –           communication                    reduction activity including     attractiveness to consumers
                         reputation risk                                                                          and the Group to employees
                                                There is a risk that Breville    Product Design – materials
                                                                                                                  and investors
                         Internal               will not meet consumer,          Product Design – repairability
                                                employee, and investor                                            Potential financial impact
                         assessment:                                             Product Design – energy
                                                expectations for increased
                         High                                                    efficiency                       •   Sustained or increased
                                                climate responsibility and
                                                                                                                      revenue
                                                disclosure                       Product Design – recyclable
                         Business area:
                                                                                 packaging                        •   Benefits to employee
                         Strategic              Potential financial impact                                            satisfaction resulting in
                                                                                 Accurate, complete
                         Timeframe:             •   Reduced sales arising                                             lower turnover and higher
                                                                                 and reliable emissions
                                                    from reputational impact                                          productivity
                         Ongoing                                                 measurement and target
                                                •   Reduced employee             setting. Scope 1 and scope       •   Increased access to
                                                    attraction and retention     2 followed by scope 3                capital due to higher ESG
                                                                                                                      investor ratings
                                                •   Reduction in capital         Communicate effectively to
                                                    availability                 our consumers, investors
                                                                                 and other stakeholders
                                                                                 Upgrading our disclosure
                                                                                 to better reflect our existing
                                                                                 progress including TCFD
                                                                                 disclosure and future
                                                                                 adoption of ISSB framework
                         TCFD category:         Innovation and                   R&D spending and quality         Clear opportunity to
                         Transition – market    technological advantage          – As a primary risk mitigant     innovate and develop new
                         risk                                                    the quantum of investment        low-emission products to
                                                From a technology                in R&D has been increased        improve our competitive
                         Internal               perspective in the transition    year-on-year over the            position and capitalise
                         assessment:            to a low carbon economy          last five years to create a      on shifting consumer and
                                                there is a risk / opportunity    sustainable business model       producer preferences
                         Medium risk
                                                that new materials, power        likely to deliver the required
                                                sources or designs emerge                                         Existing examples include
                         Business area:                                          rate of innovation. Focus
                                                that gives a technological or                                     our ThermoJet heater
                         Strategic                                               on emerging sustainable
                                                cost advantage to, or, over                                       technology
                                                                                 materials continues e.g.,
                         Timeframe:             competitors                      compressed cardboard vs          Potential financial impact
                         Ongoing                                                 EPS. This is supported by
                                                Potential financial impact                                        •   Increased demand for
                                                                                 attracting the best talent in
                                                •   Reduced revenue from         Australia product innovation         goods and services due
                                                    losing our premium                                                to shift in consumer
                                                                                 Innovation pipeline –                preferences and cost
                                                    product differentiation
                                                                                 The Breville new product             advantage from early
                                                •   Cost disadvantage if         development (NPD) process            adoption of new
                                                    cheaper new materials        uses an innovation funnel            materials
                                                    are not adopted              to progress projects. Use of
                                                •   Expensive research           sustainable materials and
                                                    and development (R&D)        repairability increasingly
                                                    expenditures required        informs revenue estimates
                                                    to catch up if left behind   and the commercial
                                                    on new and alternative       assessments of potential
                                                    technologies                 projects




                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   27
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Operating and financial review continued
                        ESG report continued




For personal use only
                        1.1 Climate risks and opportunities (TCFD) continued
                         Type of risk            Description of risk                Risk mitigation measures         Opportunities
                         TCFD category:          Supply risks                       Operations and logistics         Potential financial impact
                         Physical – chronic                                         - (Including S&OP, Inventory
                                                 Chronic climate risks like         planners etc.) teams are         •   Increased reliability of
                         risk
                                                 drought or repeated flooding       working to give forward              supply chain and ability
                         Internal                heightens risk of availability     demand visibility to suppliers       to operate under various
                                                 of parts and materials to the      to secure parts and materials        conditions
                         assessment:
                                                 supply chain or interrupted        well in advance to protect
                         Medium risk             production                         against interruptions
                         Business area:          Potential financial impact         Alternative Supply -
                         Operational                                                Qualifying suppliers in
                                                 •   Reduced revenues from
                                                                                    alternative geographies is
                         Timeframe:                  lower revenue/output
                                                                                    a slow but effective way to
                         Ongoing                 •   Increased insurance            mitigate this risk
                                                     premiums and potential
                                                     for reduced availability of
                                                     insurance on assets in
                                                     “high-risk” locations
                         TCFD category:          Business interruption              Globally Diverse                 Low obsolescence risk
                         Physical – acute                                           operations - Wide                associated with Breville
                                                 After a disruptive event           geographic spread provides       products due to long life
                         risk
                                                 such as climate-amplified          a hedge against unexpected       cycle allows extra inventory
                         Internal                extreme weather events (fire,      disruption in one territory.     to be held as a cost-effective
                                                 flood/water damage, major          Dual warehouses in bigger        buffer against this risk of
                         assessment:
                                                 earthquake), which may             markets                          disruption due to an acute
                         Medium risk             result in structural collapse of
                                                                                    Supply planning - We hold        climate event
                                                 buildings, etc
                         Business area:                                             inventory in country and our
                                                 In some regions inventory                                           Potential financial impact
                         Operational                                                retail partners hold stock,
                                                 is held in a single location,      providing some buffer against    •   Increased market
                         Timeframe:              heightening the potential          disruption to supply                 valuation through
                         Ongoing                 disruption of an event                                                  demonstrated supply
                                                                                    Business interruption
                                                                                                                         chain resilience
                                                 Potential financial impact         insurance
                                                 •   Reduced revenue from           Physical Diligence
                                                     decreased production           - Sprinkler and fire
                                                     capacity or lost stock         extinguishers / blankets
                                                                                    at our sites are regularly
                                                 •   Increased capital costs
                                                                                    inspected and maintained.
                                                     (e.g., damage to facilities)
                                                                                    Supplier sites are reviewed
                                                                                    as part of supplier audit
                                                                                    program


                            TCFD Goal: Disclose the organisation’s                        non-executive Director and ex-country Chairman of
                          governance around climate-related risks and                     FMCG multinational, Unilever – a leader in sustainable
                                        opportunities.                                    business practices. Kate Wright, Sally Herman, and
                                                                                          Dean Howell are the other members of the committee.
                        The Board’s Audit & Risk Committee formally oversees              The Board Sustainability Committee is responsible
                        all risks and opportunities facing the Group, and climate         for overseeing and monitoring the appropriateness
                        change was explicitly added to Breville’s material risks          and effectiveness of the company’s sustainability
                        register in FY20 and has been developed every year                initiatives. Within the group these are co-ordinated
                        since.                                                            by the Sustainability Committee, the Diversity, and
                        Given the importance of the sustainability agenda the             Inclusion Committee and the Reconciliation Action Plan
                        Board established a Board Sustainability Committee in             (RAP) Committee. Leadership of key initiatives with
                        FY21 directly responsible for leading and co-ordinating           the agenda are taken by individual functions including
                        current and emerging ESG risks and opportunities. The             quality, operations, design, engineering, tech services,
                        committee is chaired by Peter Cowan, independent                  HR, finance, corporate secretarial, legal and WHS.




           28           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Operating and financial review continued                  1.2 Carbon Emissions – Measurement and target
                                                                                  reductions
                        ESG report continued




For personal use only
                                                                                  Breville is committed to markedly reducing its total
                        1.1 Climate risks and opportunities (TCFD) continued      carbon footprint wherever it occurs in the business
                        The Group CFO and General Legal counsel are standing      or across the product lifecycle. This starts with
                        invitees to the Board Sustainability Committee and all    comprehensive measurement of our cradle-to-grave
                        Directors have an open invitation to attend.              footprint, namely scope1, scope 2 and scope 3
                                                                                  emissions including in-use emissions.
                          TCFD Goal: Disclose the metrics and targets
                                                                                  We have implemented and are populating Sphera®
                          used to assess and manage relevant climate-
                                                                                  carbon footprint software to measure and track
                           related risks and opportunities where such
                                                                                  enterprise-wide emissions allowing credible and
                                      information is material.
                                                                                  trackable targets to be set. The package also supports
                        Breville is committed to accurately and comprehensively   the modelling of MT C02 eq reductions from proposed
                        measuring and reducing its carbon footprint across        initiatives to allow impact-based prioritisation to occur.
                        scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions including in-use energy
                                                                                  Scope 1 and 2 emissions
                        consumption.
                        Reduction in the total metric tonnes of carbon emitted    Scope 1 and 2 emissions for all Breville sites including
                        with a net zero target for scope 1 and scope 2 by 2025    electricity, gas and water usage, fleet cars etc is now
                        and an ongoing reduction in scope 3 will be our primary   captured at a granular level aggregated and reported.
                        measure of progress.                                      Three years of history are shown below allowing a
                                                                                  credible baseline for targeting to be laid down. Based
                        Scope 3 measurement and targeting is complex,             on current emissions, and actions in play, we are now
                        but undoubtedly it is where the biggest impact can        committing to reach Net Zero Emissions for Scope
                        be made. The majority of scope 3 emissions arise          1 and 2 in our sites and operations by 2025. Although
                        from consumer usage of the appliances as well as          scope 1 and 2 emissions make up a small amount
                        materials used in construction, both of which needs       of our total impact, it is important that we commit to
                        to be modelled on a product-by-product basis using        rapidly driving these emissions to net zero.
                        LCA. This process is progressing well but is not
                        complete for all products. Once we are confident on the
                        comprehensive and robust measurement of scope 3                                 Scope 1 and 2 emissions
                        emissions, we will be able to publish actuals alongside                  1600
                        time bound reduction targets. Notwithstanding this                       1550
                        we are progressing key emission reduction programs                       1500


                                                                                  MT Kg CO2 eq
                        and are measuring their progress across our range as
                                                                                                 1450
                        we are confident that they will drive down our overall
                        emissions (e.g., the use of ThermoJet energy efficient                   1400
                                                                                                            FY20
                        espresso heaters).                                                       1350                   FY21
                                                                                                 1300                              FY22
                        Breville Lead and Lag Emissions Metrics and                              1250
                        Targets                                                                  1200
                         Key Areas     Metric            Target
                                                                                  Key initiatives to drive emission reductions include;
                         Scope 1 &     MT C02 eq         Net Zero by 2025
                         Scope 2                                                  •          Electrification and use of renewable electricity
                         emissions                                                           including use of solar in key locations
                         Scope 3       MT C02 eq         Drive key                •          Energy efficiency initiatives including optimised light
                         emissions                       reduction initiatives               sensors
                                                         and progress             •          Defining an offset strategy for unavoidable emissions
                                                         comprehensive
                                                         measurement.             Scope 3 emissions
                         Energy        % of espresso     75% of machines          The majority of our emissions footprint is produced from
                         Efficiency    machines using    sold in the year by      activities not owned, or directly controlled by Breville,
                                       ThermoJet         2028                     such as third-party manufacturing, third-party logistics
                                       or equivalent                              as well as the electricity consumed by our products in
                                       technology                                 consumers’ hands (“in-use” emissions) and the impact
                         Waste         KG waste          Over 60% to be           of materials used in constructing our appliances.
                         Generation    produced and      recycled by 2026
                                       % recycled
                         Packaging     % Recyclable      100% by 2025




                                                                                                            Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   29
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Operating and financial review continued                     •   the production process contributes 13 percent,
                                                                                     •   the product’s end-of-life disposal contributes 4
                        ESG report continued                                             percent; and,




For personal use only
                        1.2 Carbon Emissions – Measurement and target
                                                                                     •   transport from factory to market contributes less
                        reductions continued                                             than 1% of the climate impact.
                        These scope 3 emissions are also being captured and          Informed by the results of the LCA, and in advance
                        measured in our carbon footprint software by;                of comprehensive Scope 3 measurement, we have
                        •   Aggregating emissions data from manufacturing and        focussed on reducing emissions by;
                            logistics partners                                       1. Improving energy efficiency of our products
                        •   Capturing transportation volumes and resultant           2. Applying sustainable design principles to our NPD
                            emissions impact                                            process
                        •   Using LCA of key products to model energy in-use         3. Accelerating sustainable packaging adoption
                            emissions by unit by year
                        •   Using LCA and bill of materials (BOM) to model the                                         Transport 1
                            impact of materials used in our appliances and the                             180
                            end-of-life impact by unit                                                                    EOL 7
                        This modelling will use an average expected impact                                 160
                        per product. For example, the actual in “use-phase”                                            Process 22
                        emissions of a product will vary with both the frequency
                        of use and the electricity source in the country where                             140
                        the product is operated. Here we model an average
                        expected life span, frequency of usage and average
                        electricity source then apply this to the number of units                          120
                        sold to calculate the scope 3 impact of in use power.                                         Electricity 66



                                                                                           Kg CO2 equiv.
                        To ensure as much objectivity, and accuracy, as                                    100
                        possible in this estimation process Breville engaged the
                        Sustainable Manufacturing and Life Cycle Engineering
                        Research Group at UNSW to conduct a LCA on one                                       80
                        of our best-selling coffee machines, the Breville Barista
                        Touch (BES880). This involved a detailed assessment
                                                                                                             60
                        of the emissions profile of the materials used in its
                        production, the manufacturing process, transport,
                        household usage and end-of-life disposal. UNSW                                       40        Materials 78
                        conducted a cradle-to-grave assessment (not just
                        cradle-to-gate), to provide us with a comprehensive
                        emissions profile over the full life of the product.                                 20
                        The findings of this study are now being flexed, for
                        the different technical specifications and BOMs of our                                0
                        other key products and will be loaded into our carbon
                                                                                                           Source: University of New South Wales
                        footprint software to allow us to quantify our current
                        carbon footprint per product sold and to measure the
                        forecast change in our carbon footprint as mix and           1.3 Energy Efficiency
                        volumes change and as we implement new materials or
                                                                                     Enhancing energy efficiency in the “use-phase’ is a key
                        energy efficient components.
                                                                                     ESG opportunity.
                        This process is involved and complex and once we are
                                                                                     We assess our current energy efficiency performance
                        confident that it is both comprehensive and robust, we
                                                                                     through the use of Swiss Energy Ratings label across
                        will publish actuals alongside annual reduction targets.
                                                                                     our key appliances to monitor the relative energy
                        Key Scope 3 Emissions Reduction Opportunities                efficiency of our range. Breville also voluntarily tests
                                                                                     its products against the European Union’s Ecodesign
                        The UNSW LCA identified that the majority of our scope       Directive (Directive 2009/125/EC), which sets ecological
                        3 emissions impact arises firstly, from the materials used   requirements for energy use. We use this testing regime
                        in production and secondly, through “use-phase” power        globally as a substitute for the ‘star rating’ for energy
                        usage as highlighted in the graphic below.                   efficiency which is only available for large appliances
                        The LCA assessment showed that, based on typical             e.g., fridges and washing machines. All Breville products
                        usage scenarios;                                             are also designed to comply with the Energy using
                                                                                     Products (EuP) requirements set by the European
                        •   the product’s materials contribute 45 percent of its     Union. This means that products without a screen must
                            climate change impact (of which 6% is packaging),        use half a watt or less in stand-by mode. Products with
                        •   energy in usage by the consumer “use-phase”              a screen must use one watt or less in stand-by mode
                            emissions contributes 38 percent,                        and switch off before a maximum of 30 minutes.



           30           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Operating and financial review continued                       Breville has embraced this energy efficient technology;
                                                                                       •   More than doubling sales of machines using a
                        ESG report continued                                               ThermoJet from FY20 to FY22.




For personal use only
                        1.3 Energy Efficiency continued
                                                                                       •   Increasing the percentage of Breville coffee
                        ThermoJet – a significant innovative impact on                     machines using a ThermoJet to 52% in FY22 from
                        reducing C02 emissions                                             43% in FY20.
                                                                                       •   Saving approximately 618 million kilowatt hours
                                                                                           (KWH) of lifetime electricity used against an
                                                                                           equivalent range of thermocoil machines or 2.46
                                                                                           billion kilowatt hours (KWH) against a range of
                                                                                           traditional boiler machines. Both estimates are
                                                                                           based on typical annual consumer usage, a 7-year
                                                                                           lifecycle and the total Breville units sold in FY20-22*.
                                                                                       •   The carbon footprint of electricity generation varies
                                                                                           greatly from country to country but assuming that
                                                                                           0.386 kgs of Co2 was generated per KWH (sourced
                                                                                           from US Energy Information Administration) Breville’s
                                                                                           transition to ThermoJets over FY20-22 is calculated
                                                                                           to have saved between 238,000 and 950,000
                        In terms of key energy saving initiatives, Breville is             metric tonnes of Co2 over the lifetime of the
                        proud to have jointly pioneered the ThermoJet heating              machines sold.
                        system in its espresso machines addressing the major
                        energy usage in a typical espresso machine – delivery          •   A significant and innovative contribution to our
                        of hot water and steam. Traditional espresso machines              energy efficiency and emissions reduction journey.
                        are one of the highest energy consuming products in            •   Looking forward Breville has multiple new coffee
                        the small kitchen appliances world due to the need                 machine products under development, and we
                        to heat up and keep a body of water at temperature,                target to have at least 75% of our coffee machines
                        traditionally done using metal boilers. The alternative to         sold in the year using ThermoJet or equivalent
                        boilers, thermocoils, still require the heating of blocks of       technology by 2028.
                        aluminium to transfer energy, a process that consumes
                                                                                           * as estimated by the Swiss Energy certification
                        significant amounts of energy.
                                                                                           labs, an independent body set up to test and report
                        It was with this in mind that Breville helped pioneer a            on appliance energy consumption.
                        printed thick film heater for coffee makers (ThermoJets)
                        that heats up instantly and delivers precise temperature       1.4 Sustainable design, repairability and end of life
                        control using a fraction of the energy of traditional
                        methods. We believe that this is one of the more
                        significant climate-friendly innovations in small kitchen
                        appliances in the last decade and it forms a key part
                        of our path to reduce our in-use energy consumption.
                        The technology scores an A++ rating in Swiss Energy
                        Ratings for energy savings compared to a B or C rating
                        for thermocoils and a D rating for boilers.

                        Key Facts
                        Breville espresso machines fitted with a ThermoJet
                        heater;
                        •   Use approximately 2.5 times less total energy during
                            normal use than a thermocoil machine and 6.6
                            times less energy than a typical machine using a           Our LCA also highlights an emissions opportunity from
                            boiler*.                                                   reducing key material usage, notably plastics and
                                                                                       metals, in the design and construction of our products.
                        •   Save between 50-to-200-Kilowatt hour annually
                                                                                       Our design and engineering teams are working to
                            (KWA) per coffee machine vs. a thermocoil or
                                                                                       optimise the strength and weight of materials used
                            traditional boiler machine respectively*.
                                                                                       in our key machines as a way to reduce material
                                                                                       consumption whilst maintaining desired quality, using
                                                                                       Finite Element Analysis (FEA), Computational Fluid
                                                                                       Dynamics (CFD), Design for Manufacturing studies
                                                                                       (DFM), as well as Failure Mode and Affect Analysis tools
                                                                                       (FMEA).




                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   31
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Operating and financial review continued                         •    Removal of non-essential packaging (on going
                                                                                              target) for example the combination of shipper and
                        ESG report continued                                                  inner display box.




For personal use only
                        1.4 Sustainable design, repairability and end of life            Baratza has led the way with the release of a ‘one box’
                        continued                                                        design or “beautiful brown box” combining retail and
                                                                                         shipping boxes in the launch of the Vario+ and Vario
                        Material usage can also be reduced by extending
                                                                                         W+ all while making sure the grinder arrives safe and
                        the lifecycle of our products. Breville already sells key
                                                                                         undamaged.
                        spare parts, filters, and cleaners for our most popular
                        appliances to help extend their lifecycle. Baratza goes
                        further, with its grinders, explicitly designed to be user
                        repairable. The ‘don’t dump it, fix it’ program has a
                        wide range of spare parts available for purchase and
                        instructional videos on YouTube to support repair at
                        home and even rebuilds. This approach is mirrored in
                        the newly acquired LELIT business with repairability a
                        key part of the brand identity and driver of consumer
                        choice. In core Breville ranges a ‘serviceability
                        index,’ has been introduced, to track and encourage
                        repairability as a design criterion in new products.

                        1.5 Sustainable packaging
                        Packaging materials constitute an estimated 6 percent
                        of our materials climate change impact. It is an
                        important area to our employees, our consumers and
                                                                                         1.6 Waste diversion
                        other stakeholders and an area in which we are making            All recyclable waste streams generated at our Sydney
                        good progress. We are a decade-long member of the                headquarters and global R&D centre (except general
                        Australian Packaging Covenant Organisation (APCO)                waste) are diverted from landfill. This means that our
                        and as such have entered into a voluntary agreement to           co-mingled recycling, organic, paper and cardboard,
                        reduce the impact of packaging on the environment. In            e-waste, and expanded polystyrene (EPS) waste is
                        FY22 our comprehensive packaging audit was extended              being disposed of in a sustainable way. Soft plastics
                        to include all new products to support the rapid roll out        remains an area of challenge and one where we
                        of key developments in recyclable packaging across all           continue to look for a recycling partner.
                        existing as well as new products as soon as they are
                                                                                         During FY22, Breville produced a total of 45.5 tonnes
                        available.
                                                                                         of waste, 23.7 tonnes of which was recycled (a waste
                        Key sustainable packaging commitments include:                   diversion rate of 52.1 percent). As we slowly transition
                        •   All packaging to be reusable, recyclable or                  back into the office, we expected the amount of waste
                            compostable by 2025 (aligned to APCO target);                to increase from FY21, where a total of 28.1 tonnes
                                                                                         of waste was produced and 13.4 tonnes recycled (a
                        •   Removal of expanded polystyrene (EPS) from                   diversion rate of 47.8 percent). We are however pleased
                            consumer packaging by July 2025 (a target set by             to report that our diversion rate has increased from
                            the National Plastics Plan);                                 47.8% in FY21 to 52.1% in FY22.




                                               Total waste produced at Alexandria, Sydney head office, engineering and design centre




           32           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Operating and financial review continued                      If later investigations show that treatment did not result
                                                                                      from product failure, we contact the ACCC, and the
                        ESG report continued                                          report is rescinded.




For personal use only
                        Social                                                        Product failures caused by the manufacturing process
                                                                                      or components are treated on a case-by-case basis. If a
                        2. Product quality and safety including product               pattern is identified, we contact the regulator that issued
                        recall                                                        the approval certificate or the ACCC to discuss further.

                        Breville’s reputation with consumers for innovative,          Product recall
                        durable, high quality and safe products underpins our         If potential for harm, arising from a Breville product, is
                        sustainable growth. To protect this hard-earned asset         identified, then a recall protocol is triggered and recall
                        Breville adheres to rigorous quality standards during         procedures appropriate in each territory are started.
                        design and production and has clear and consumer              These are accompanied by a vigorous all channel
                        focussed protocols for Product recalls.                       consumer communications approach.
                        Breville has a comprehensive quality regime to ensure         As a result of our quality and safety standards and
                        that its products are safe and compliant with all labelling   reassurance regime Breville has not had to trigger a
                        requirements. In addition to fulfilling all compliance and    recall a product for over 5 years. The last product recall
                        regulatory standards on product safety in our various         was on 7 November 2016.
                        markets, we implement additional safety requirements
                        that exceed our legislative obligations. This means our       All historic product recalls remain online on key websites
                        products are safer than the average small domestic            and can be viewed at:
                        kitchen appliance.                                            •   https://kambrook.com.au/pages/recall
                        Rigorous safety standards are a critical marker of            •   https://www.breville.com/au/en/support/recall
                        our approach to product development. For example,
                        in approving all new products we use the European             •   https://www.productsafety.gov.au/recalls
                        Union’s Rapid Exchange of Information System (RAPEX)
                        analysis to estimate ‘severity of harm’ and the related       3. Ethical sourcing – Human rights and modern
                        ‘probability of occurrence of harm’ for any particular        slavery
                        failure point of a product. This allows us to better
                        understand the impact of potential product failures on        Ethical procurement
                        our customer base and how to rectify/design these out         The Group conducts its business in a socially
                        of the product before they occur.                             responsible manner. This includes upholding
                        The Group also maintains a rigorous Quality Assurance         consistently high ethical standards in our procurement
                        and Control program for our products. This includes           decisions and processes. The consumer facing nature
                        Pre-Shipment Inspection (PSI) of products before they         of Breville, and the importance of this issue to our
                        leave the factory, as well as System and Process audits.      stakeholders including in maintaining our reputation, and
                        A zero-tolerance approach to quality and safety within        therefore sustainable sales, ensures that this is a high
                        the Quality Assurance and Control programs gives us           focus issue within our operations. Our Ethical Sourcing
                        a high degree of confidence that the products shipped         Policy sets out our requirements for our manufacturing
                        and sold to customers are free from safety-related            partners and sub-contractors including compliance with
                        defects. Our quality team is in our partner factories on      the protection of human rights, all local and international
                        a daily basis qualifying manufacturing processes and          labour and employment laws, and generally ensuring a
                        products before shipment. During FY22 we completed            safe and fair work environment.
                        38 manufacturing process audits at our partner                All of our suppliers sign and are held accountable to
                        factories.                                                    adherence with our Ethical Sourcing Policy. Ensuring
                        Our General Manager Quality also monitors all returns         compliance with the policy, and the highest ethical
                        and warranty claims, as well as any specific customer         standards, is the responsibility of our Chief Operating
                        complaints, to identify and rectify any quality issues and    Officer, who also owns the overall commercial
                        identify any trends in quality. These are reported to the     relationship with suppliers, supported by our General
                        CEO and CFO on a monthly basis or immediately in the          Manager Quality who has frequent touch points and
                        case of a serious issue.                                      interaction with the suppliers via their QA team and
                                                                                      procedures.
                        Customer safety is a non-negotiable core
                                                                                      The Group’s products are largely manufactured in
                        responsibility of the Group                                   the Shenzhen area of southern China, with long term
                        For any alleged or actual injury to a consumer sustained      manufacturing partners, many of whom we have
                        through the use of one of our products, we follow the         partnered with for well over 20 years. Our long-term
                        ACCC guidelines for mandatory reporting, as well as           relationships with our partners are collaborative in terms
                        equivalent bodies in our other markets. If our customer       of bringing innovation projects to commercialisation
                        care team receives a claim that a product has caused          which fosters a close understanding of each other’s
                        an injury requiring third party medical treatment, we         businesses. We represent a significant part of our
                        lodge it with the ACCC within two days of notification.       manufacturing partners’ business, giving us influence
                                                                                      over expected standards.



                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   33
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Operating and financial review continued                     •   freedom from discrimination
                                                                                     •   freedom from slavery or servitude
                        ESG report continued




For personal use only
                                                                                     •   freedom of movement
                        The nature of our manufacturing, requiring high end,
                        well trained and skilled assembly, rather than low skilled   •   freedom of expression
                        transitory labour, reduces the likelihood of any serious     •   freedom of thought
                        non-adherence including no tolerance violations such
                        as forced or child labour issues. There is however no        The Group’s Code of Conduct (for employees) is
                        complacency on this risk. Our frequent onsite visits give    animated by the same principles. In addition, Breville
                        us visible reassurance that standards are being adhered      is bound by the requirements of the Australian Modern
                        to in practice which we then systematically confirm by       Slavery Act 2018 (Cth), the United Kingdom’s Modern
                        independent audits.                                          Slavery Act (2015) and the California Transparency
                                                                                     in Supply Chain Act 2010. Our Modern Slavery Act
                        We regularly visit our partners’ plants and get visible      Statement, is published on our website and the
                        reassurance of how the plants are run. Our engineering       government platform. The actions we are taking to
                        teams make frequent visits to the plants during the          identify and address modern slavery and human
                        commercialisation phase on innovation projects. Our          trafficking risks in our operations and supply chains
                        Chief Operating Officer and teams normally make plant        described above in the way we enforce our Ethical
                        visits 3-4 times per annum to review operational plans       sourcing policy.
                        and, critically, our quality assurance teams make plant
                        visits on a weekly basis to quality assess and release       4. Community relations
                        production batches. During the COVID lockdowns
                        in China it has been more difficult for our COO and          4.1 Community engagement
                        engineering teams to visit plants, but our weekly QA         Breville recognises that the health and wellbeing of
                        visits have continued uninterrupted.                         the communities we serve is directly correlated to our
                        To support our regular internal observations Breville        ongoing viability and success as a business. In FY22,
                        commissions Sedex Member Ethical Trade Audits                we partnered with various not-for-profit organisations on
                        (SMETA) conducted by Affiliate Audit Companies               a range of initiatives designed to make our communities
                        (AAC) which comprehensively cover four pillars: labour       fairer, kinder, and stronger. Projects included:
                        standards, health and safety, the environment and            •   STEPtember Program – a month long global
                        business ethics. In 2018, we set a target to increase the        program which encouraged employees to exercise
                        number of audits performed annually from 5 to 10. In             each day, with proceeds going to the Cerebral
                        FY21, we audited 12 suppliers, in FY22 we increased              Palsy Alliance (Breville matched donations made by
                        this to 20 audits covering over 67% of our annual                employees).
                        purchases. Sedex membership also gives us access to
                        any audit performed by the organisation, whether we          •   Heritage Awareness Months (US & Canada) –
                        commissioned it or not. Out of our 95 current suppliers,         information shared with employees each month
                        70 representing 95 percent of our supplier spend are             to celebrate and acknowledge the contribution of
                        connected to the Sedex platform and have performed               various ethnic and traditionally marginalised groups
                        a self-assessment during the last year which we can              in US and Canadian history.
                        access.                                                      •   International Women’s Day – an online global
                        Detailed audit reports and findings are received and             event was held across all time zones to recognise
                        reviewed by our General Manager Quality and COO.                 and celebrate the achievements of women and to
                        The severity of any non- compliance, and hence rating            discuss what more can be done to promote gender
                        of the vendor is completed, and any that do not meet             equality.
                        our internal ‘baseline’ standard are placed into a ‘below    •   National Aboriginal and Islander Day Observance
                        standard’ category and actively monitored until the non-         Committee (NAIDOC) - to mark NAIDOC Week,
                        compliance is addressed. A single zero-tolerance matter          Breville partnered with the National Indigenous
                        such as modern slavery would result in us severing the           Culinary Institute in running a home cooking
                        relationship immediately.                                        experience for staff.
                        In FY22 although there were specific areas for               •   RAP (Reconciliation Action Plan) Activities – a large
                        improvement no supplier rated ‘below standard’ and               mural in the Breville HO Courtyard was pained
                        there were no zero tolerance violations.                         by indigenous Australian artists in support of our
                                                                                         ongoing RAP commitment
                        Human rights & modern slavery
                                                                                     •   Clean Up Australia Day – in conjunction with people
                        Breville respects and upholds the Universal Declaration          across Australia, Breville employees volunteered
                        of Human Rights through its sound business activities.           their time to cleaning up the Corporate Park within
                        Our suppliers, bound by our Ethical Sourcing Policy, are         which Breville is located.
                        required to do likewise in order to partner with us. This
                        includes upholding the following human rights in their       Breville’s engagement with its community explicitly
                        operations:                                                  excludes affiliation to any political cause and Breville
                                                                                     does not make any political donations.




           34           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Operating and financial review continued                    and the ‘Indi-Kidi Program’ by the Moriarty Foundation
                                                                                    to support better childhood nutrition and sharing
                        ESG report continued                                        Indigenous Food Culture. The other half will be used




For personal use only
                        4.2 Reconciliation action plan (RAP) and                    for scholarships at the University of Technology Sydney
                                                                                    to create pathways for employment in engineering,
                        Aboriginal culinary journey (ACJ)
                                                                                    technology and design. The profits earned will
                                                                                    be donated in quarterly increments commencing
                                                                                    September 2022 and Breville will absorb all other
                                                                                    overhead costs associated with advertising, marketing,
                                                                                    and administration relating to the sale of the products.
                                                                                    For further information on our how profits are calculated
                                                                                    or to learn more about our charity partners please visit
                                                                                    our website.

                                                                                    Visual Storytelling
                                                                                    Breathing art, ritual and stories into our homes and
                                                                                    everyday lives, the inaugural limited series of six Breville
                                                                                    products feature works by esteemed Western Desert
                                                                                    artists, and members of the original Pintupi Nine, Yalti
                                                                                    Napangati, Yukultji Napangati, Warlimpirrnga Tjapaltjarri
                                                                                    and Sydney-based artist and Yuwaalaraay woman, Lucy
                                                                                    Simpson.
                                                                                    The curator of the series is Alison Page, a Wadi Wadi
                                                                                    and Walbanga woman of the Yuin nation. Page is
                        In FY22 particular focus was placed on reconciliation
                                                                                    currently Adjunct Associate Professor in Design at
                        and engagement with the Aboriginal and Torres Strait
                                                                                    the University of Technology Sydney, founder of the
                        Islander communities within Australia via our first RAP
                                                                                    National Aboriginal Design Agency and member of
                        and the launch of the ACJ.
                                                                                    several cultural Boards including the National Australia
                        Breville’s first ‘Reflect’ Reconciliation Action Plan       Day Council, The Art Gallery of South Australia and
                        received official endorsement from Reconciliation           the National Australian Maritime Museum. In 2006,
                        Australia in March 2022 and now guides our                  Page approached Richard Hoare, Breville’s Design
                        reconciliation initiatives. Our progress is guided by an    and Innovation Director, to begin a conversation about
                        Advisory Council of elders and community stakeholders       bringing Indigenous art to life on products that then
                        that provides the Breville RAP Working Group with           speak to people in their homes through the narrative
                        advice and information on equity issues facing              power of visual storytelling, Indigenous beliefs and
                        Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander communities.          practices through art on kitchen objects.
                        More information on these initiatives, and our              Creating a Blueprint
                        Reconciliation Action Plan, can be found on the Breville
                        Group Corporate website.                                    To ensure the project had the highest cultural and
                                                                                    legal integrity, Breville partnered with Dr Terri Janke, a
                        An Aboriginal Culinary Journey collection (ACJ)             Wuthathi/Meriam woman and an international authority
                        On the 26 May 2022 we launched a world first                on Indigenous Cultural and Intellectual Property, known
                        partnership between First Nations People and the            for innovating pathways between the non- Indigenous
                        National Museum of Australia to create products for         business sector and Indigenous people in business.
                        the heart of the home that celebrate contemporary           The legal framework produced by Dr Janke benefited
                        design and reflect 65,000 years of ongoing Australian       the artists because it controlled the use of their
                        Indigenous culture. A decade in the making, an              artwork, knowledge, and stories, whilst protecting their
                        Aboriginal Culinary Journey combines ancient stories        commercial rights. Each artist owns the copyright for
                        with the best of contemporary design, with Breville’s       their work, exclusively licenced to Breville, and receives
                        profits from the sale of the range donated to three key     a guaranteed royalty for each product produced with
                        charity partners to create opportunities for Indigenous     license payments made quarterly. Widely heralded as
                        Australians.                                                a triumph by media outlets including the Australian
                                                                                    Financial Review, cultural institutions, and community
                        Donation of 100% of Profits to support Indigenous
                                                                                    elders alike, the high-profile collection is now considered
                        Australians                                                 a precedent for large companies who want to engage
                        We expect to raise just over A$1,000,000 through            Indigenous culture in their work and as a blueprint to
                        the sale of the products globally. Half of the funds will   the expectations and standards around commercial
                        be used to support the National Indigenous Culinary         collaborations between non-Indigenous businesses and
                        Institute’s work to create employment opportunities         Indigenous artists, designers, and consultants.
                        for aspiring Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander chefs




                                                                                                       Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   35
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Operating and financial review continued                        5. Employee wellbeing

                        ESG report continued                                            Working to ensuring that our workplace is a safe,




For personal use only
                                                                                        inclusive, and encouraging environment for all
                        4.2 Reconciliation action plan (RAP) and Aboriginal             employees is core to our growth and sustainability as an
                        culinary journey (ACJ) continued                                organisation.
                        Collection Launch                                               5.1 Diversity and inclusion (D&I)
                        The collection, which is limited to 10,000 pieces               Breville’s approach to D&I is informed by its Diversity &
                        globally, first released in Australia and was warmly            Inclusion Charter published on our corporate website.
                        embraced by Australian consumers who connected                  The Charter was drafted under the guidance of our
                        with the principals of the project and its charitable           Diversity & Inclusion Committee, incorporating over
                        component. In the first six weeks over 500 units had            60 employees as active members, which showcases
                        already been sold and a waiting list was created to meet        diversity in all of its forms. This includes, but is not
                        the demand of a number of pieces in the range.                  limited to, diversity of gender, age, origin, race, cultural
                        The National Museum of Australia featured the limited           heritage, language, sexual orientation, and location.
                        series in an exhibition, an Aboriginal Culinary Journey:        We recognise the moral imperative of supporting a
                        Designed for Living, focusing on the continuity of              diverse and inclusive workforce, and promote diversity
                        cultural mark-making associated with Indigenous food            of attributes including:
                        culture by pairing First Nations traditional tools for living
                        alongside the six modern kitchen objects also richly            •   religion, creed, race, ethnicity, national origin,
                        marked with signs of Country and culture.                           ancestry, cultural background, language, and
                                                                                            citizenship status
                                                                                        •   gender and sexuality
                                                                                        •   marital status
                                                                                        •   age
                                                                                        •   psychological and physical capability or disability
                                                                                        •   education and experience level
                                                                                        •   socio-economic status
                                                                                        •   family situation and background
                                                                                        •   military or veteran status
                                                                                        •   political belief and worldview
                                                                                        We maintain that diversity includes differences in
                                                                                        perspectives, thoughts, interests, and ideas; and that
                                                                                        inclusion means ensuring that all employees are valued,
                                                                                        heard, recognised, engaged, and involved at work, and
                                                                                        have opportunities to collaborate, contribute, and grow
                        “An object lesson in innovative design and cross-cultural       professionally in line with our business needs. Diversity
                        collaboration with First Nations decision making at its         and inclusion are the result of respect, valuing others
                        heart” AFR May 25th, 2022.                                      and caring about the lives we touch through the people
                                                                                        we employ, the customers who enjoy our products, and
                        Global Tour
                                                                                        the societies in which we operate.
                        Following the successful Australian launch, we will
                                                                                        We are confident that superior business performance
                        embark on a global tour with the National Museum of
                                                                                        results from a business culture that is open-minded,
                        Australia in partnership with the Department of Foreign
                                                                                        accepting, and conscientious about protecting and
                        Affairs and Trade to showcase the collection in cultural
                                                                                        promoting these interests. For example, diversity and
                        institutions around the world including the British
                                                                                        inclusion can lead to better outcomes for customers,
                        Museum and the Humboldt Museum in Berlin as well
                                                                                        wherein we are able to deliver improved value to the
                        as Australian High Commissions and Consulates in
                                                                                        populations we serve; greater innovation and valuation
                        London, Paris, Berlin, New York, and Washington.
                                                                                        resulting from eclectic ideation; and a more attractive,
                        65,000 Years of Design                                          enriching, and supportive environment for employees.

                        As an Australian company, we are proud to share these           Our Diversity & Inclusion program provides continual
                        stories belonging to the world’s oldest living culture          recognition and activities in order to promote our ideals.
                        and weave them together with our own 90 years of                Recent initiatives have included:
                        innovation. More than just a collection of products,            •   Unconscious Bias training
                        an Aboriginal Culinary Journey is an invitation to
                                                                                        •   Establishment of specific employee-led interest
                        immerse yourself in a deep and vibrant culture, and
                                                                                            groups (e.g., RainbowBlend a community group for
                        we’re honoured to provide a platform to bring these art
                                                                                            LGBTQI+ people and their allies to explore how our
                        objects into the homes of our consumers around the
                                                                                            workplaces can be more welcoming and inclusive)
                        world.


           36           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Operating and financial review continued                     •   Mental Health sessions – covered key topics like
                                                                                         resilience, managing remote working and men’s
                        ESG report continued                                             and women’s health issues. Separate discussions




For personal use only
                                                                                         coincided with RUOK Day in Australia. Training of
                        5.1 Diversity and inclusion (D&I) continued
                                                                                         mental health first aiders.
                        •   team-building athletic and social activities enabling    •   Employee Counselling Support – offered via
                            employees to interface with each other across the            Benestar, our global employee assistance provider.
                            globe and disparate time zones (e.g., STEPtember             This support was extended to cover all Breville
                            & 15-minute exercise challenge)                              markets in FY21.
                        •   featured speakers, and events and communications         •   Social activities – online drinks and live music
                            oriented toward recognition and learning                     sessions, trivia competitions and online cooking,
                            opportunities with respect to significant cultural           cocktail, healthy eating, and herb gardening classes
                            milestones (e.g., International Women’s’ day,                for employees.
                            NAIDOC week and Pride week)
                                                                                     In terms of supporting an employee focussed
                        Breville complies with the (Australian) Workplace Gender     management of work life balance Breville offers:
                        Equality Act, which requires the submission of an annual
                        report on gender diversity practices and metrics. At the     •   Flexible Work Policy – allowing employees a greater
                        end of the year, our Board was 25 percent female and             choice around work locations and hours including
                        the percentage of women across the organisation was              numerous part time roles
                        45 percent. The percentage of women in managerial            •   Technology – which is leveraged to support a choice
                        roles was 36 percent, with senior and executive roles at         of work locations and to protect personal time with
                        34 percent.                                                      meeting recordings and do not disturb periods
                        While we do not maintain specific quotas for individual      •   Paid Parental Leave – Breville introduced 12 week
                        facets of diversity, we continue to apply principles of          paid parental leave in countries where this is not
                        equity and social justice to achieve equal employment            provided by the state.
                        opportunities for talented individuals of all backgrounds
                                                                                     In FY22, Breville employees worked a total of 1,922,322
                        and cultures. We celebrate achievements and we
                                                                                     hours and there were three recordable injuries in that
                        endeavour to enable continued improvement.
                                                                                     time, all of which occurred in Australia. One was a cut
                        Our approach to Board diversity is detailed in Section       finger occurring in our model shop, another a sprained
                        6.1 below.                                                   ankle, another a strained back. The cut finger resulted
                                                                                     in refreshed safety training and a modification of
                        5.2 Health & safety                                          procedures in the model shop. None of the incidents
                                                                                     were lost time accidents so our FY22 LTIFR is zero.
                        Ensuring a healthy and safe workplace is foundational
                                                                                     Safety performance in terms of LTIR and RIFR are
                        to our ongoing success as a growing business, and we
                                                                                     reported and reviewed with the Board on a monthly
                        strive for continuous improvement and consistency in
                                                                                     basis.
                        our wellbeing and safety practices.
                        A Group Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) Manager
                        oversees our global HSE systems, procedures, and
                        compliance. In addition, a Workplace Health & Safety
                        Committee (WHSC) routinely reviews the Group’s health
                        and safety standards, rules, and procedures, providing
                        updates as needed. The Board receives monthly
                        updates on key incidents and safety initiatives as well as
                        safety KPIs.
                        To protect our people, the majority of Breville’s global
                        offices closed at various times in FY22 in response
                        to COVID-19 outbreaks. In recognition of the strain
                        that lockdowns placed on our employees’ mental and
                                                                                     * Reportable Injuries per million hours worked
                        physical wellbeing, we introduced a range of activities
                        to ensure the team could remain engaged with the
                        business and their colleagues. Most of these activities
                        were undertaken globally. They included:
                        •   Fitness – 15-minute challenge and STEPtember.
                        •   Online classes – over 20 sessions of yoga,
                            meditation and mindfulness were scheduled
                            throughout the work week.




                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   37
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Operating and financial review continued                       6.2 Internal ESG reporting mechanisms

                        ESG report continued                                           Given the importance of the sustainability agenda, the




For personal use only
                                                                                       Board established a Board Sustainability committee in
                        6. Corporate Governance                                        FY21 to enhance oversight and focus on sustainability
                                                                                       strategies, policies and programs throughout the Group.
                        Breville is committed to the highest standards of
                        Corporate Governance and delivers this through culture,        The committee is chaired by Peter Cowan, independent
                        demonstrated behaviours and policy.                            non-executive Director, and ex-country Chairman of
                                                                                       FMCG multinational, Unilever – a leader in sustainable
                        6.1 Board independence & diversity                             business practices. Sally Herman, Kate Wright, and
                                                                                       Dean Howell also sit on the committee. The Group CFO
                        Breville maintains a majority independent Board and            and General Legal Counsel and all Board Members are
                        is steadily evolving its Board composition to benefit          standing invitees to committee meetings. The agenda
                        from diversity in all its forms including gender, skill set,   and minutes of the sustainability are presented to and
                        experience, ethnicity, and geographic location.                reviewed at subsequent Board meetings.
                        As previously announced the Group was committed to             The Board Sustainability committee itself receives
                        adding another independent Director in FY22. Given             periodic updates from the company Sustainability
                        that 80% of the Group’s revenue in FY22 was outside of         Committee, the Diversity and Inclusion Committee, the
                        Australia, with 52% in North America, priority was given       Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP) Committee as well
                        to adding a highly credentialed, non-Australian based,         as from business functions including quality, design,
                        Director.                                                      engineering, HR, and WHS.
                        In August 2021, the CEO Jim Clayton joined the Board           Companywide safety targets and performance are
                        as Managing Director. In June 2022 Mr Tim Baxter               reported to, and reviewed by, the Board on a monthly
                        joined the Board bringing specific experience of leading       basis.
                        a consumer products business on a global scale and
                        geographic and nationality diversity to the Board.             The Board’s Audit & Risk Committee formally oversees
                        Mr Baxter is the first non-Australian based Director           all risks and opportunities facing the Group, and climate
                        the group has appointed. Along with Mr Clayton, Mr             change was explicitly added to Breville’s material risks
                        Baxter’s appointment increases the number of North             register in FY20 and has been developed every year
                        Americans on the Board to two, or 25%.                         since.

                        For the majority of FY22, 29% of the Board were
                        women (Sally Herman and Kate Wright). This                     7. Corporate Behaviour
                        percentage reduced to 25% when Tim Baxter joined the           A key focus of the Breville Board is to instil and
                        Board in June 2022.                                            encourage a positive corporate culture across the
                        Breville will continue to look for opportunities to promote    Group that values honesty, openness, and integrity.
                        an effective, diverse and inclusive Board and senior           This is reinforced through policies, a demonstrated
                        leadership team, including with respect to gender,             risk appetite including zero tolerance issues and visible
                        background, ethnicity, professional experience, and            leadership on key issues.
                        geographic location. A further independent Director may
                        be appointed in FY23 to further increase the Board skill       7.1 Anti-bribery, corruption, and whistleblowing
                        set and enhance Diversity.                                     Honesty, integrity, and trust are considered integral
                        For an outline of the relevant skills, experience and          to the Group ethos, its products, and its brands. The
                        expertise held by each Director in office at the time of       standards of behaviour expected across the Group are
                        writing, please refer to pages 18-19 of the Directors’         laid out in the Corporate Conduct Policy.
                        report.                                                        Conduct associated with bribery and corruption is
                        Our Chairperson Tim Antonie is non-independent due to          a ‘zero tolerance’ issue and unacceptable under all
                        his affiliation with a major shareholder. Lawrence Myers       circumstances. The Group has an anti-bribery policy
                        was appointed Deputy Chairperson in August 2021; he            which, in conjunction with the code of conduct and
                        is the lead independent Director and chairs the Audit &        whistleblowing policy, sets out the responsibilities of
                        Risk Committee. The Remuneration and Nominations               all the Group’s employees (including contractors) and
                        committee and the Audit and Risk committee Members             Directors regarding dealing with outside parties.
                        are 100% independent non executive Directors.                  These policies prohibit all personnel, in all jurisdictions in
                        Dean Howell is considered an independent Director by           which the company operates or conducts commercial
                        the Group, despite his fourteen-year Board tenure. In          activities, from engaging in any activity that constitutes
                        Breville’s view, Mr Howell’s tenure is mitigated by the        bribery or corruption and other improper inducements
                        fact that the current management team has been in              and/or payments.
                        place for approximately seven years, which is seven            To ensure that these values and the policy are properly
                        years after Mr Howell took up his Board role, and Mr           adhered to, the Group has appointed an Anti-Bribery
                        Howell’s track-record of independent and impartial             Compliance Officer who is responsible for monitoring
                        decision-making.                                               the application of this policy.




           38           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Operating and financial review continued
                        ESG report continued




For personal use only
                        Our whistleblowing procedure and policy ensures the
                        safety and appropriate protection from recrimination for
                        any employee or contractor reporting a breach of the
                        corporate conduct policies.

                        7.2 Cyber security & data privacy
                        The mass adoption and continuation of working from
                        home has enhanced prospects for cyber criminals,
                        who have enjoyed more potential vulnerabilities to
                        exploit. With cyber-crime for profit at an all-time high,
                        Breville has responded by ramping up investment in its
                                                                                       The Board has oversight over the tax risk management
                        cybersecurity capabilities and strengthening the team
                                                                                       framework and sets the Group’s tax risk tolerance and
                        further to protect and support both staff, contractors
                                                                                       level of justification required for tax positions. Tax risks
                        and key assets of the organisation.
                                                                                       are monitored by the Board, with assistance from the
                        The Technology Services team has strengthened our              Audit & Risk Committee (A&RC). The global tax function
                        cyber security and privacy programs culminating in the         oversees our tax approach across all territories ensuring
                        formal adoption of a security & privacy framework in the       a uniform approach and compliance with the framework
                        second half of FY22 for the organisation to align to.          in line with the Board’s agreed tax risk appetite.
                        On the security front, a large number of operational           In 2020, the ATO finalised its Top 1000 Streamlined
                        activities were completed throughout FY22 including            Assurance Review of the Breville Group Limited
                        rounds of penetration testing, vulnerability assessments,      Australian tax consolidated group and Breville achieved
                        PCI Audits, and external reviews of some of our key            a “High” overall level of assurance, reflecting our above
                        cloud operating environments to highlight any risks            stance.
                        that required remediation to ensure the continued safe
                                                                                                             Effective Tax Rate
                        operation of these environments.
                                                                                          29.0%
                        Additional to this all Breville staff have completed              28.5%
                        mandatory annual cybersecurity awareness training with            28.0%
                        specific security training for our software development
                                                                                          27.5%
                        teams globally. Multi-factor authentication was enabled
                        for all staff globally providing better baseline security of      27.0%
                                                                                                     28.6%       28.6%     28.6%       28.5%
                        their corporate identities along with enhanced visibility         26.5%
                        of activity to provide continuous protection against              26.0%
                        cyber-crime. The team continues to test overall security          25.5%
                        awareness via planned phishing campaigns which                    25.0%
                        assist us to identify weaknesses / reinforce training and                    2019        2020       2021       2022
                        behaviours.
                        With respect to personal data, we completed the
                        selection of a privacy and data mapping platform to
                        facilitate an efficient capture and processing of data,
                        and to reduce the compliance burden associated with
                        meeting multiple privacy obligations around the world.
                        The implementation of the core modules has been
                        completed with additional capabilities to be added in
                        the future.
                        Breville has cyber insurance in place.

                        7.3 Tax transparency and governance
                        Breville takes a low risk, high compliance, high               With IP largely generated and housed in Australia,
                        transparency approach to its global tax affairs,               and long-established variable license and service fee
                        contributing significantly to the communities in which it      agreements in place between countries, the majority of
                        operates. During FY22, Breville paid A$161m in taxes           the group’s profits are repatriated and taxed in Australia,
                        globally comprising a significant amount of indirect           resulting in a group effective corporate tax rate of
                        taxation as well as corporate income tax.                      28.5%, well above the global minimum tax rate of 15%
                                                                                       under the OECD Pillar Two model rules.

                                                                                       7.4 Policy availability




                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   39
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Operating and financial review continued                    Significant changes in the state of
                        ESG report continued                                        affairs




For personal use only
                        Breville’s suite of policies on both governance and         There were no significant changes in the state of affairs
                        behaviours are reviewed, and refreshed, on a rolling        of the consolidated entity that occurred during the year
                        annual basis.                                               that have not otherwise been disclosed in this report or
                        The policies are publicly available in the corporate        the consolidated financial statements.
                        governance section of the company’s website (www.
                        brevillegroup.com)
                                                                                    Annual general meeting (AGM) and
                        •   Board Charter
                                                                                    Director nominations
                        •   Audit & Risk Committee Charter
                                                                                    The Group currently plans to hold its Annual General
                        •   People, Performance, Remuneration and
                                                                                    Meeting (AGM) in person on 10 November 2022.
                            Nominations Committee Charter
                                                                                    In accordance with our constitution and ASX
                        •   Sustainability Committee charter
                                                                                    requirements, the closing date for the receipt of Director
                        •   Anti-Bribery & Corruption Policy                        Nominations from persons wishing to be considered for
                        •   Diversity & Inclusion charter                           election is 15 September 2022 (40 business days prior
                                                                                    to AGM).
                        •   Share Trading Policy
                                                                                    Should the nomination of a person for election be
                        •   Corporate Code of Conduct                               made by a Director the closing date for the receipt of
                        •   Continuous Disclosure Policy                            nomination is 21 October 2022 (15 business days prior
                                                                                    to AGM).
                        •   Selection and Appointment of Directors
                        •   Criteria for Assessing Independence of Directors
                                                                                    Directors’ interests
                        •   Shareholder Communications Policy
                        •   Workplace Gender Equality Agency Report                 As at the date of this report, the interests of the
                                                                                    Directors in the shares or other instruments of Breville
                        •   Ethical Sourcing Policy
                                                                                    Group Limited were:
                        •   Modern Slavery Act Statement
                                                                                                                                    Ordinary
                        •   Sustainability Policy
                                                                                                                                     shares
                        •   Whistle-blower Protection Policy
                                                                                    T. Antonie                                        43,791
                        •   Diversity and Inclusion Charter
                                                                                    L. Myers                                         133,000
                        •   Reconciliation Action Plan
                                                                                    J. Clayton                                       231,616
                                                                                    P. Cowan                                          10,968
                        Risk management
                                                                                    S. Herman                                         42,484
                        The company’s risk management approach is discussed         D. Howell                                        140,000
                        in the corporate governance statement on page 64.
                                                                                    K. Wright                                         21,859
                                                                                    T. Baxter                                                  -
                        Dividends
                        The following dividends have been paid, declared, or
                        recommended since the end of the preceding year.

                                                            Cents per
                                                             ordinary
                                                                share      $’000

                        Final FY22 dividend
                        recommended:                                15.0   21,369

                        Dividends paid in the year:
                        Interim FY22 dividend paid                  15.0   20,903
                        Final FY21 dividend paid                    13.5   18,814




           40           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Remuneration report (audited)
                        1. Introduction and overview




For personal use only
                        The Directors are pleased to present the Group’s remuneration report for the financial year ended 30 June 2022,
                        which has been prepared in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 and has been audited by
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers as required by section 308(3c) of the Corporations Act 2001.
                        Breville, led by Jim Clayton and his Executive team, has delivered sustained multi-year performance doubling the size
                        of the business in the last 4 years and delivering outstanding shareholder value.
                        On a 4-year CAGR (compound average growth) basis revenues have grown by 21.4% pa, EBIT by 15.8% pa.
                        Despite recent market declines, total shareholder returns over the last 4 years have exceeded 65.1%, and by share
                        price appreciation of 54.8%.
                        In FY22 Breville delivered another strong performance, against a backdrop of economic uncertainty and disrupted
                        global supply chains. Breville gave, and met, EBIT guidance despite the turbulent backdrop delivering another year of
                        double-digit revenue and profit growth.

                        FY22 Performance Highlights                                                       1 Year               4-year CAGR*
                        Group revenue increase to A$1.4 bn                                                +19.4%               +21.4%
                        Group EBIT increased to A$156.4m                                                  +14.6%               +15.8%
                        Group EPS increase to 75.9c                                                       +15.3%               +13.9%
                        Share price declined to A$17.99 on June 30 2022th
                                                                                                          (39.8)%              +54.8%*
                        * Share price change shown as absolute growth over 4 years

                        CEO Remuneration Package
                        Jim Clayton joined Breville as CEO in July 2015 and joined the Board as Managing Director on 18th August 2021.
                        Mr Clayton is a proven, high performing CEO who has transformed the Group over the last seven years, successfully
                        expanding internationally and accelerating product development whilst delivering sustained growth in profit and
                        shareholder returns. He has set, and is executing, a winning strategy for the Group against a range of global
                        competitors.
                        During 2021 the Board negotiated a new package with Mr Clayton to secure his on-going leadership of the Group
                        for the benefit of all shareholders. This was finalised, signed, and announced on 5th October 2021. The impact of the
                        new package is reflected in table 6 showing total remuneration in FY22 of A$5.6m with 46% fixed remuneration (both
                        cash salary and fixed deferred remuneration rights) and 54% incentive based at risk remuneration (combination of STI
                        and LTI).
                        In designing the new package, the Board sought to maximise alignment with shareholders’ interests, through
                        the extensive use of share-based payments in both fixed pay and incentives. The Board also sought to make it
                        unattractive for a competing group to poach Mr Clayton by lengthening his notice period to 12 months and securing
                        a non-compete of 12 months as well as rewarding Mr Clayton for outstanding performance.
                        In negotiating a competitive package an external benchmarking study was commissioned against three groups of
                        peers:
                            Group 1. ASX 80-130
                            Group 2. ASX companies with a high proportion of revenue from outside of ANZ
                            Group 3. A selection of international peers from the Household appliance Industry
                        The Board gave particular weight to the comparative remuneration of CEOs in group 3 given that over 75% of
                        Breville’s revenue comes from outside of ANZ, the fact that Mr Clayton is a US citizen, and that he has a proven track
                        record of success in the household appliance vertical.
                        As a number of the international peers in group 3 are larger in terms of market cap than Breville, consideration was
                        also given to COO roles, as well as CEO roles, in shaping Mr Clayton’s package.
                        Mr Clayton’s revised total package was pegged at the bottom 25th percentile of the international peer group which
                        equated to a level about half of the average of the international peer set CEO. This positioning reflects the larger
                        market cap scale of the comparators and therefore included COO roles.
                        The negotiated package is at the low end of the range of this international peer set, lying in the bottom 25th percentile.
                        It is relatively higher placed against ASX peers where, against the ASX 80-130, the total package is in the top 25th
                        percentile. This is considered appropriate given Mr Clayton’s tenure and track record of delivery.
                        The benchmarking study allowed the Board to propose a wholistic package, each element of which was then
                        negotiated and agreed with Mr Clayton before being signed on 5th Oct 2021.



                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   41
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        1. Introduction and overview continued




For personal use only
                        In terms of potential reward, paid or granted each year, rounded to nearest percent,
                        •   32% is fixed cash remuneration
                        •   14% is fixed deferred remuneration rights
                        •   30% is at risk STI
                        •   24% is at risk LTI performance rights
                        54% is at risk or performance related pay; 46% is fixed base pay.
                        Fixed deferred remuneration rights were chosen to deliver a portion of fixed pay to increase the retention incentives
                        for Mr Clayton and to further align the package with shareholder interests in terms of share price appreciation. Rights
                        are granted up to 5 years in advance of the service period, thus most existing rights were granted at an effective price
                        of $28.98. Given the recent share price softening Mr Clayton has taken an effective fixed pay cut unless he can lead
                        the business to an increased share price over the coming years.
                        During October 2021, the Board undertook extensive shareholder consultation, talking with approximately 75% of
                        the register by value, to discuss the new package, the process undertaken and its rationale. Shareholders expressed
                        overwhelming support for Mr Clayton’s leadership and strong support for securing his services through the enhanced
                        package.
                        The package was comprehensively described in the explanatory memorandum to the 2021 AGM, explicitly in
                        resolution 5 “Participation of the MD and CEO in the Breville Equity Incentive Plan” and resolution 6 “Approval of
                        potential termination benefits”. These resolutions received an 83.0% and an 87.3% FOR vote at the 2021 AGM.
                        The Remuneration report also received 89.7% support.
                        The Board view the appointment of Mr Clayton in July 2015, and incentivising his ongoing tenure, as critical to
                        continuing the delivery of strong business performance and enhanced shareholder value and is delighted to have
                        secured Mr Clayton for the next stage of the Group’s growth journey. It is grateful for the shareholder support
                        demonstrated at the AGM and in one-on-one discussions.
                        As of 30 June 2022, Mr Clayton held 435,797 unvested share rights, subject to various performance and service
                        criteria that may vest in his favour in the future with potential value of $7,839,988 (based on 30 June 2022 share price
                        of $17.99). Any proposed new performance or deferred remuneration rights to be issued to Mr Clayton in FY23 will
                        be issued subject to shareholder approval at the AGM in November 2022.
                        No increase to Mr Clayton’s package, other than that detailed in the explanatory memorandum for the AGM in
                        November 2021, was made in FY22 nor is proposed for FY23.

                        Other Executives: KMPs
                        The strong performance of the Group over the last 4 years has been led by both Mr Clayton and his executive team.
                        In FY22 the relativity of CEO and KMP packages was partially addressed.
                        No fixed cash remuneration increases were awarded to KMPs in FY22, however overall package increases of
                        approximately 8% were approved and delivered in the form of fixed deferred remuneration rights.
                        This intent was pre-announced in the FY21 remuneration report, and the scheme follows similar principles to the
                        CEO scheme.
                        The scheme is designed to reward, but importantly also to encourage retention, amongst this high performing team
                        by increasing the weight of share-based remuneration within their packages.
                        The tranches of rights were issued with service periods for vesting ranging from one to five years. The total number
                        of fixed deferred remuneration rights issued to each KMP equated to one year’s total annual remuneration spread
                        over the next 5 service years, based at a 20-day VWAP prior to 30 June 2021 of $28.98. This further aligns KMPs’
                        interests with shareholders in driving performance to improve the share price. The actual monetary value received as
                        base pay by each KMP in each year will depend on the share price at time of vesting.
                        The vesting of total rights issued was back weighted as follows-
                        •   8% of rights vesting in August 2022
                        •   11% of rights vesting in August 2023
                        •   17% of rights vesting in August 2024
                        •   26% of rights vesting in August 2025
                        •   38% of rights vesting in August 2026




           42           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        1. Introduction and overview continued




For personal use only
                        Although the total rights represent a potential annual package increase of 20% to the KMP (100% spread over 5
                        years), the effective increase in FY22 was an increase in 8% over the KMP FY21 packages.
                        This issuing of fixed deferred remuneration rights partially addresses the relativity of KMP packages to the CEO
                        package.
                        Following the grant of these fixed deferred remuneration rights the KMP packages are split ~63% fixed and ~37% at
                        risk (~56% and ~44% in prior year) and ~35% of remuneration is compensated via share-based remuneration.
                        Following a full benchmarking study, KMP packages will be further reviewed in FY23.

                        LTI Performance Metrics
                        The performance metrics applied to the Group’s LTI performance rights have evolved steadily over the last 4 years
                        against a very changeable and uncertain backdrop. Each year the Board has looked to find the best metrics to
                        incentivise management to perform in the interests of long-term shareholder value creation.
                        FY20 and earlier: Historically the Board adopted relative TSR as the key LTI metric. Using a peer group of 60 ASX
                        companies, in the consumer and industrial index, 100% vesting was awarded for achieving above 75th percentile
                        relative TSR, 50% vesting for 50th percentile and 0% below that. Straight line pro-rating was used between 50th and
                        75th percentile. This neatly aligned management reward with shareholder returns and peer group performance.
                        FY21: At the height of COVID-19 asset price correction in June 2020, with expected “COVID-19 winners and losers”
                        experiencing very different share price outcomes it was difficult to judge if everyone was starting the year from a
                        level playing field. The Board moved the FY21 scheme to an absolute TSR basis, with minimum and maximum
                        TSR targets and straight-line pro-rating between these two. In this environment it was difficult to call an appropriate
                        absolute TSR target so the need for potential Board discretion in deciding appropriate vesting was explicitly flagged
                        for this tranche of rights. Recent market price reductions means that all rights under this tranche are likely to be
                        forfeited without Board intervention. The TSR targets, actual achievement, and vesting, as well as relative TSR (for
                        information) will be reported in the FY23 remuneration report.
                        FY22: With heightened share price volatility in June 2021 the LTI metrics were moved to two internal targets – EBIT
                        3-year CAGR and revenue 3-year CAGR. A minimum EBIT CAGR needs to be achieved for any rights to vest. If this
                        threshold is met, then 50% vesting is achieved. To achieve higher than 50% vesting a revenue 3-year CAGR must
                        exceed a minimum target, to achieve 100% vesting a maximum target must be achieved with a sliding scale set
                        between these 2 points. In addition to solid EBIT growth, it was judged that driving revenue growth would be in the
                        best long-term interests of the group. The revenue and EBIT CAGR targets, achievement, and any vesting will be
                        reported in the FY24 Remuneration report.
                        FY23: With even higher asset price uncertainty the Board considered it too early to return to the Group’s preferred
                        relative TSR targeting. In FY22 the Group’s share price halved from maximum to minimum point, and then partially
                        recovered, during a year when EBIT guidance was given, maintained, and met. A point-to-point share price measure
                        currently appears to be too disconnected with management performance to be useful as an incentive metric. At the
                        same time, the prospect of recession over the next three years, makes revenue an unreliable measure of success
                        with the emerging demand line being very uncertain. The Board believes that management’s success in delivering
                        for shareholders, over the coming testing period, will be best measured by their delivery of sustained EBIT growth
                        against whatever economic backdrop and demand line arises. 100% vesting will arise on exceeding a maximum
                        3-year EBIT CAGR and zero below a minimum floor. Between these two points, it is intended that the Board
                        retrospectively judge the quality of performance against the actual economic backdrop in which the EBIT growth was
                        achieved. This judgement will determine the vesting percentage to be awarded.
                        The EBIT CAGR targets, actual achievement, and vesting percentage awarded will be reported in the FY25
                        Remuneration report.
                        Although the same metric is employed for STI, the LTI scheme rewards sustained multi-period growth rather than a
                        single year, peak performance.
                        Shareholder approval to grant rights to Mr Clayton under the above scheme will be sought at the November 2022
                        AGM.

                        Non-Executive Directors
                        To attract and retain Directors of a high calibre to a growing international company, a Directors’ fee increase was
                        implemented in January 2021. Total aggregate remuneration for FY21 and FY22 remained below the shareholder
                        approved limit of $1,400,000 previously agreed at the AGM in November 2016.
                        An increase in the aggregate remuneration limit to $1,800,000 was proposed and approved by shareholders at the
                        AGM in November 2021. This provides for future flexibility to attract high calibre, international Directors.
                        Tim Baxter, the Group’s first non-Australian based Director joined the Board in June 2022.



                                                                                                         Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   43
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        2. Key management personnel




For personal use only
                        KMPs are the persons with authority and responsibility for planning, directing, and controlling the activities of the
                        Group and comprise the Directors of the Group and the Executives listed below.

                        Table 1: Key management personnel (KMP)

                        Name                               Position                                      Term as KMP
                        Non-Executive Directors
                        Tim Antonie                        Non-Executive Chairperson                     Full Year/Appointed Chairperson 11th
                                                                                                         November 2021
                        Lawrence Myers                     Non-Executive Deputy Chairperson (a),(d)      Full Year/Appointed Deputy Chairperson
                                                                                                         18th August 2021
                        Peter Cowan                        Non-Executive Director (e)                    Full Year
                        Sally Herman                       Non-Executive Director (f)                    Full Year
                        Dean Howell                        Non-Executive Director    (b),(d).(f)
                                                                                                         Full Year
                        Kate Wright                        Non-Executive Director    (c),(b),(f)
                                                                                                         Full Year
                        Tim Baxter                         Non-Executive Director                        Appointed 1st June 2022
                        Steven Fisher                      Non-Executive Chairperson                     Retired 11th November 2021
                        Executive Directors
                        Jim Clayton                        Managing Director & Group Chief Executive Full Year /Appointed Managing Director
                                                           Officer                                   18th August 2021
                        Executives
                        Scott Brady                        Global Product Officer                        Full Year
                        Martin Nicholas                    Group Chief Financial Officer                 Full Year
                        Mark Payne                         Chief Operating Officer                       Full Year
                        Cliff Torng                        Global Go-to-Market Officer                   Full Year
                        (a)
                              Chair of Audit and Risk Committee
                        (b)
                              Member of Audit and Risk Committee
                        (c)
                              Chairperson, People Performance Remuneration and Nominations Committee (PPRNC)
                        (d)
                              Member of PPRNC
                        e)
                              Chair of Sustainability Committee
                        (f)
                              Member of Sustainability Committee

                        3. Remuneration framework
                        The People, Performance, Remuneration and Nominations Committee (PPRNC) reviews and recommends executive
                        and employee remuneration arrangements each year within a framework designed to support the achievement of
                        strategic goals, sustainable financial performance, and sustained growth in shareholder value.
                        From time to time the committee may engage external remuneration consultants to assist with this review. None
                        were engaged in FY22. However, consultants provided a benchmarking study used when developing the FY22 CEO
                        package.
                        Key principles that guide the remuneration framework include:
                        Fair and competitive             Provide appropriate rewards to attract and retain high calibre employees for an
                                                         international and growing business. Market benchmarks are used, and include domestic
                                                         and international peers, depending on the role being evaluated.
                        Simple                           Clear, visible, and calculable reward linked to sustained company performance and
                                                         shareholder value creation. Wherever possible executives will be aware of the status of
                                                         their incentive achievement mid- period.
                        Aligned to strategy              Reward linked to achievement of strategic goals and sustainable performance of the
                                                         company.
                        Shareholder aligned              Reward explicitly linked to short and long-term shareholder value creation.
                        Sustained delivery               Reward balanced to optimise long, medium, and short term, performance.


           44           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        3. Remuneration framework continued




For personal use only
                        In implementing its remuneration framework and ensuring proper oversight, the committee:
                        •    Sets compensation to motivate and retain a high performing global team in line with shareholder interests,
                        •    Encourages an increasing level of executive shareholdings, in excess of minimum shareholding guidelines,
                        •    Aligns interest of shareholders and executives via increasing share-based payments,
                        •    Retrospectively discloses all performance hurdles and calculation of award and payments made to ensure
                             transparency,
                        •    Encourages increased variability of pay linked to short and long-term performance,
                        •    Rewards sustained long-term performance, not just single year peak performance,
                        •    Utilises measurable and shareholder relevant targets, and
                        •    Retains Board discretion over the level of any award.
                        In establishing the remuneration arrangements each year, the Board and PPRNC specifically reviews the proportion of
                        the fixed compensation and variable compensation (potential short-term and long-term incentives) that the executives
                        are achieving. The Board aims to ensure the appropriate mix of fixed to variable remuneration, and specifically share-
                        based and longer-term performance related, remuneration.
                        The actual remuneration mix for FY22 and FY21 is shown in table 2 below. The percentages achieved reflect both
                        the CEO’s new package described above and the introduction of a fixed deferred remuneration rights scheme for key
                        executives.

                        Table 2: Actual Remuneration Mix of CEO and other KMPs for FY22 compared to FY21

                                   CEO FY22                   32%                14%                  30%                      24%
                                   CEO FY21                 28%                 18%                   30%                      24%
                            Other Execs FY22                        48%                          15%            17%              20%
                            Other Execs FY21                            56%                      0%           27%                  17%
                                                0%      10%       20%     30%     40%      50%     60%        70%      80%       90%      100%

                                Fixed Cash Remuneration         Fixed Deferred Remuneration            Cash Bonus            Performance
                                (guaranteed)                    Rights (Value at risk)                 (STI at risk)         Rights (LTI at risk)


                        •    Contracts – Employment contracts are entered with executives designed to attract and retain the employees
                             whilst safeguarding the Group’s interests. None of the KMPs have fixed-term contracts.
                        •    Termination Provisions – contracts include notice periods ranging from 3 months for KMPs to 12 months
                             for the CEO. Amounts payable on termination vary from statutory entitlements to 12 months of fixed pay plus
                             accrued leave balances. Any LTI performance rights not vested at the date of termination are forfeited and will
                             lapse unless otherwise determined by the Board. Rights under the fixed deferred remuneration scheme will lapse
                             on resignation but will be pro-rated for time served in the case of termination without cause. Specific termination
                             arrangements, as part of the CEO’s package, were proposed and approved by shareholders at the November
                             2021 AGM.
                        •    Hedging prohibited – The Group has a policy that prohibits KMPs and their closely related parties from entering
                             into an arrangement that has the effect of limiting the exposure to risk relating to an element of that member’s
                             compensation. The policy complies with the requirements of s.206J of the Corporations Act 2001.
                        •    Measurement – The PPRNC is responsible for assessing performance against KPIs and recommending
                             the STI and LTI to be awarded each year to the Board. To assist in this assessment, the committee receives
                             detailed reports on performance from management which are based on independently verifiable, and in most
                             cases, audited data. An external specialist is always used to calculate and report on actual and relative TSR
                             performance for use in LTI evaluation. In the event of fraudulent or dishonest misconduct, the Board reserves the
                             right to deem any unvested rights to have lapsed.




                                                                                                            Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   45
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        4. Linking remuneration to performance




For personal use only
                        The Group’s remuneration principles and framework aims to align executive remuneration to the Group’s strategic
                        and business objectives, sustained business performance and the creation of sustainable shareholder value.
                        The key measures that are used in Executive KMP incentive plans – EBIT, revenue growth and TSR – are measurable,
                        verifiable, and well aligned to shareholder value creation.
                        •   Group Revenue - A measure of the Group’s success at growing the scale and scope of our operations. An
                            auditable IFRS measure of marketplace success.
                        •   EBIT - Earnings before interest and tax is a well-recognised measure of the Group’s performance and ability to
                            generate cash to fund growth and distribute dividends. It is well defined and measurable. EBIT is preferred to
                            EBITDA given the strategic importance of investment in new product development and associated amortisation
                            costs.
                        •   TSR - Total Shareholder Return is a measure of share price appreciation, and dividends paid, expressed as a
                            percentage of the opening share price. The Group measures both its own absolute TSR and its relative TSR
                            which compares the company against an index of approximately 60 peers within the S&P/ASX200 Consumer
                            Staples, Consumer Discretionary and Industrials indices.
                        Table 3 below shows the Group’s revenue, profit and TSR performance over the last 5 years.
                        The measures shown are consistent with the measures used in determining the variable amounts of remuneration to
                        be awarded to executives. There is a strong alignment between executive reward and shareholder return as seen in
                        the below table.

                        Table 3: Five Year Group Performance ($m)

                                                                            30 June       30 June       30 June      30 June       30 June
                        Year ended                                             2018          2019          2020         2021          2022
                        Group Revenue                                          652.3        760.0         952.2       1,187.7      1,418.4
                        Revenue Growth                                         7.7%         17.5%        25.3%         24.7%        19.4%
                        Revenue CAGR (4 Year)                                                                                       21.4%
                        Group EBIT                                              86.9          97.3         97.7         136.4        156.4
                        EBIT Growth                                           10.0%         12.0%          0.4%        39.6%         14.6%
                        EBIT Growth CAGR (4 Year)                                                                                   15.8%
                        NPAT                                                    58.5          67.4         63.9          91.0        105.7
                        Earnings per share (cents)                              45.0          51.8         48.8          65.8          75.9
                        EPS Growth                                             8.7%         15.2%        (5.8)%        34.8%        15.3%
                        Total dividends per share (cents)                       33.0          37.0         41.0          26.5          30.0
                        Share price at 30 June ($)                             11.62        16.36         22.76         29.87         17.99
                        Share Price Change                                    11.2%         40.8%        39.3%         31.2%       (39.8)%
                        4 Year share price change                                                                                   54.8%
                        One Year TSR                                          14.2%         43.8%        41.5%         32.6%       (38.8)%
                        4 Year TSR                                                                                                  65.1%
                        Average STI as % Maximum Opportunity                  78.0%         76.0%           0%1         100%         100%
                        Percentage of Executive LTI performance
                        rights that vested/will vest related to schemes
                        maturing in the year                                   100%         100%          100%          100%        91.9%

                        Performance against Targets
                        STI
                        •   The Group FY22 STI paid out at 100% based on achieving an audited EBIT of $156.4m (14.6% growth), having
                            funded 100% STI, against a target for FY22 of $156m set in June 2021. The target was based on 15% growth
                            against the then forecast for FY21 EBIT. $156m was given as guidance at the AGM, and then confirmed on 3rd
                            May 2022, despite tougher trading conditions.




           46           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        4. Linking remuneration to performance continued




For personal use only
                        •     The Group’s annual FY23 STI plan has a stretch financial EBIT target based on a targeted EBIT growth for
                              FY23. This target and actual will be retrospectively disclosed as a part of the FY23 remuneration report. No STI
                              is awarded until this target is met. Once it is met the STI pool is funded, until full, at which point reported EBIT
                              would be further increased. The EBIT target has to be delivered before a single dollar of STI is awarded.

                        LTI
                        Two tranches of LTI were tested as of 30 June 2022 and will vest in August 2022.
                        •     Tranche 3 of FY19 scheme was measured with a 4-year TSR of 70% putting the Group at 5th out of 53 peers
                              and thus at the 92nd percentile of relative TSR. Being above the 75th percentile this tranche vested at 100%.
                        •     Tranche 2 of the FY20 scheme was measured with a 3 -year TSR of 15% putting the Group at 20th out of 59
                              peers and thus at the 67th percentile of relative TSR. Being between 50th percentile and 75th this tranche vested
                              at 83.8%
                        •     Average vesting across the two tranches measured was 91.9%
                        •     TSR of the group, and peers, was calculated by an independently commissioned expert.

                        5. Executive remuneration - detailed elements
                        There are four key components in executive remuneration
                        i) Fixed Cash Remuneration
                        ii) Fixed Deferred Remuneration Rights
                        iii) Short Term Performance Incentive (STI)
                        iv) Long Term Performance rights (LTI)

                        i) Fixed Cash Remuneration
                        Executives receive their fixed cash remuneration in the form of cash, car allowance, health insurance, annual leave
                        benefits, long service leave benefits and superannuation. Fixed cash remuneration is reviewed annually by the
                        PPRNC, and in the case of the CEO the Board, or in the event of role change. The committee considers company
                        and individual performance, relevant comparative market compensation and internal relativities. Breville increasingly
                        competes in a global market for talent and employs both Australian and international executives. The Group regularly
                        benchmarks both domestically, and internationally, when reviewing suitability of remuneration.
                        Details of fixed cash remuneration by KMPs is shown in the remuneration tables 6 and 7.

                        Remuneration
                        component                  Purpose & execution                                  FY22 outcomes
                        Fixed Cash                 Aims to provide competitive salary, including        •   CEO Fixed Cash remuneration was
                        remuneration               superannuation and non-monetary benefits, to             increased to $A1.7m as detailed in the
                                                   attract and retain a high performing team.               explanatory memorandum in the November
                                                                                                            2021 AGM.
                                                   Fixed cash remuneration is reviewed annually, with
                                                   outside assistance where needed, and set with        •   There was no fixed cash salary increase for
                                                   reference to:                                            any other Executive KMP in FY22.
                                                   •    Size and complexity of role.
                                                   •    Market benchmarks (domestic & international).
                                                   •    Experience, skills and competencies.

                        Annual leave and long service leave benefits shown in table 6 and 7 reflect the movement in accrued benefit owing
                        to the individual in accordance with accounting standards. If leave balances increase, as during the COVID-19
                        pandemic when less leave was taken, or if base salary increases are implemented, then accrued benefits increase.

                        ii) Fixed Deferred Remuneration Rights
                        The scheme is a core part of fixed remuneration, rather than an incentive program, but the Board and KMPs regard it
                        as an attractive alternative to a straight cash reward for delivering base remuneration. The number of rights that vest
                        in a year is based on completion of a service period, just like base pay. The number of rights granted is calculated
                        as the deferred salary amount divided by the share price at the time that the grant is agreed. Executives, like
                        shareholders, benefit from any share price appreciation.




                                                                                                              Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   47
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        5. Executive remuneration - detailed elements continued




For personal use only
                        The scheme increases the weight of share-based remuneration within executive packages whilst maintaining the
                        same potential fixed remuneration value and supports the retention and incentivisation of high performing executives.
                        The fixed deferred remuneration scheme implemented for the CEO in FY20 was extended in FY22 to KMPs, and
                        other key executives, as flagged in the FY21 remuneration report.
                        The accounting value of fixed deferred remuneration rights grants for which compensation is included in the
                        remuneration tables 4, 6 and 7 is shown in table 11. Under AASB 2 accounting, although the rights relate to future
                        specific periods of employment, part of the cost is recognised in the current period.

                        Remuneration
                        component            Purpose & execution                                            FY22 outcomes
                        Fixed Deferred       Delivers fixed remuneration to the executive in the form of    CEO Fixed Deferred Remuneration
                        remuneration         an annual grant of deferred rights.
                                                                                                            New tranches of CEO rights were issued after
                        rights               Supports the retention of high performing international        approval by shareholders at the 11th November
                                             executives over sustained periods and may prove                2021 AGM.
                                             particularly effective as an incentive and retention tool in
                                             times of increased share price volatility.                     •   Top up rights were issued to increase Mr
                                                                                                                Clayton’s deferred remuneration element of
                                             Conditions                                                         pay to $850,000 p.a. for FY23 onward (an
                                                                                                                increase of $350,000 on pre-existing rights)
                                             •   Upon completion of a specific period of employment             in line with total new package.
                                                 service (the service condition) the rights will vest and
                                                 convert into fully paid ordinary shares in the company.    •   A new grant equivalent to $850,000 was
                                                                                                                issued vesting on completion of service
                                             •   No consideration is payable by the executive on                through to 25 August 2026.
                                                 granting or exercise of the share rights as the rights
                                                 satisfy part of the executive’s base remuneration.         •   The issue of these rights was approved by
                                                                                                                shareholders at the 2021 AGM.
                                             •   The rights automatically lapse if the executive resigns
                                                 before the vesting date, or is terminated with cause,      •   In FY22 65,561 of fixed deferred
                                                 and vest, on a pro-rata basis, if the executive is             remuneration rights were granted to the
                                                 terminated without cause.                                      CEO.
                                             •   No disposal restrictions apply to the shares received
                                                 when the rights have vested.
                                             CEO Fixed Deferred Remuneration
                                             CEO rights are granted annually to ensure that 5 years
                                             of rights are ahead of the CEO at any time. Each tranche
                                             vests once the specified period of service has been
                                             completed.
                                             The number of rights granted in each tranche is calculated
                                             as a deferred remuneration amount divided by the VWAP
                                             at the time that the grant is agreed. From FY23 forward the
                                             annual deferred remuneration value is $850,000. A tranche
                                             of rights vesting in FY27 will be proposed for shareholder
                                             approval at the November 2022 AGM.
                                             KMP Fixed Deferred Remuneration                                KMP Fixed Deferred Remuneration
                                             The total number of rights granted in FY22, covering five    •     KMPs were issued five tranches of rights
                                             years of future service, was based on one year’s total             equivalent in total to one year’s total
                                             remuneration divided by the relevant share price at the time       remuneration, but spread over 5 vesting
                                             that the grant was agreed. The five years’ worth of grants         years and back weighted, so that the
                                             were back weighted to encourage continuing tenure with             FY22 tranche value is equivalent to an 8%
                                             the Group.                                                         package increase.
                                             Rights enjoy the same conditions as the CEO scheme             •   In FY22 155,755 fixed deferred
                                             vesting occurring once the required period of service has          remuneration rights were issued to the
                                             been delivered. Weighting of rights to the service period          KMP’s.
                                             required is described below:
                                                                                                            For accounting purposes, a fair value is
                                             •   1 Year – 8%                                                determined on the rights of these shares and
                                                                                                            expensed over the full vesting period so part of
                                             •   2 Year – 11%
                                                                                                            the costs for future periods are recognised in the
                                             •   3 Year – 17%                                               current period.
                                             •   4 Year – 26%
                                             •   5 Year – 38%




           48           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        5. Executive remuneration - detailed elements continued




For personal use only
                        Table 4: Fixed Deferred Remuneration included in Remuneration tables 6 and 7

                        Fixed Deferred                                                          Fair value     Number           Number
                        Remuneration –                                                            right at outstanding       outstanding
                        share rights year                                                      Grant date      30 June          30 June
                        of issue             Conditions                                                  $        2022             2021
                                             •   Issued for nil consideration
                                             •   Exercise price is $0.
                                             •   Issue price of $16.70
                                             •   Participant (Jim Clayton) must complete the
                                                 service period between:

                        FY20                     26 August 2019 – 25 August 2020                  $16.70                -                -
                                                 26 August 2020 – 25 August 2021                  $16.70                -          29,940
                                                 26 August 2021 – 25 August 2022                  $16.70          29,940           29,940
                                                 26 August 2022 – 25 August 2023                  $16.70          29,940           29,940
                                                 26 August 2023 – 25 August 2024                  $16.70          29,940           29,940
                                             •   34% vested as at 30 June 2022
                                             •   Issued for nil consideration
                                             •   Exercise price is $0.
                                             •   Issue price of $22.41
                        FY21                 •   Participant (Jim Clayton) must complete the
                                                 service period between:
                                                 26 August 2020 – 25 August 2025                  $19.60          22,311           22,311
                                             •   0% vested at 30 June 2022
                                             •   Issued for nil consideration
                                             •   Exercise price is $0.
                                             •   Issue price of $28.98
                                             Jim Clayton must complete the service period
                                             between:
                                                 26 August 2022 – 25 August 2023                  $29.28          12,077                 -
                                                 26 August 2023 – 25 August 2024                  $28.91          12,077                 -
                                                 26 August 2024 – 25 August 2025                  $28.54          12,077                 -
                                                 26 August 2025 – 25 August 2026                  $28.17          29,330                 -
                        FY22
                                             •   0% vested as at 30 June 2022
                                             Executive KMPs must complete the service
                                             period between
                                                 26 August 2021 – 25 August 2022                  $27.21          11,810                 -
                                                 26 August 2022 – 25 August 2023                  $26.87          17,717                 -
                                                 26 August 2023 – 25 August 2024                  $26.52          26,574                 -
                                                 26 August 2024 – 25 August 2025                  $26.18          39,861                 -
                                                 26 August 2025 – 25 August 2026                  $25.85          59,793                 -
                                             •   0% vested as at 30 June 2022




                                                                                                  Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   49
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        5. Executive remuneration - detailed elements continued




For personal use only
                        iii. Short term performance incentives (STI)
                        The Group operates an annual STI program available to executives and other employees and awards a cash bonus
                        subject to the attainment of clearly defined business targets.

                        Remuneration
                        component                 Purpose & execution                                     FY22 outcomes
                        Short term                Aims to reward and incentivise executives and           •   In June 2021 a FY22 pre STI EBIT target of
                        incentives (STI)          employees for achieving in-year company targets             $156m was set.
                                                  and is paid in cash.
                                                                                                          •   $156m EBIT guidance was also given as
                                                  A pre-STI EBIT target is set by the Board in advance        guidance at the AGM in November 2021
                                                  of the financial year. Until this pre-STI EBIT is           and maintained throughout 2H22 despite a
                                                  exceeded no STI is awarded.                                 deterioration in trading conditions.
                                                  If pre-STI EBIT exceeds the pre-STI target, the STI     •   The Group achieved EBIT of $156.4m
                                                  pool is funded until the maximum pool is reached.           having funded 100% of the STI pool.
                                                  Shareholders are rewarded before any STI is
                                                  awarded.
                                                  The maximum pool is calculated as the sum of
                                                  maximum STI dollar opportunities for each eligible
                                                  participant.
                                                  The CEO has a maximum STI opportunity of 100%
                                                  of Fixed cash remuneration, other KMPs 35% and
                                                  other staff are in a range of 5-35%.
                                                  Once a pool is awarded it is distributed based on
                                                  each individual’s achievement of their individual
                                                  targets.
                                                  •    The CEO and KMPs are targeted on Group EBIT
                                                  •    Regional Presidents and teams have Group EBIT
                                                       and Regional EBIT targets
                                                  •    Product Development team teams have Group
                                                       EBIT and GM$ from new-to-market product
                                                       targets
                                                  •    Functional Teams have Group EBIT and specific
                                                       deliverables e.g., ERP on time implementation
                                                       targets, or HSE targets
                                                  Following finalisation of the annual audit, the PPRNC
                                                  recommends the amount of STI to be paid to the
                                                  Group CEO for Board approval. The PPRNC seeks
                                                  and approves recommendations on other individual
                                                  pay outs from the Group CEO.
                                                  The level of STI pay out always remains at the
                                                  discretion of the Board. The Board suspended
                                                  the STI program at the end of FY20 due to a very
                                                  uncertain economic outlook, on a discretionary basis
                                                  50% of potential was paid out during 1H21. STI was
                                                  reintroduced in FY21 when greater medium term
                                                  performance certainty was reached.

                        iv) Long term performance incentives (LTI)
                        The Group operates an annual LTI program available to executives, and other employees, that grants performance
                        rights that fully, or partially, vest into shares on the achievement of clearly defined medium term targets.
                        LTI grants to participants (excluding the CEO) are recommended by the CEO to the PPRNC. This recommendation,
                        together with a recommendation by the PPRNC of an LTI grant to the CEO, is then put to the Board for approval.
                        Performance conditions for the 3 years ahead are agreed at the same time taking into account what the Board
                        considers to be the most effective means of incentivising management to deliver sustained enhancement of
                        shareholder value in the context of the existing environment.
                        Under AASB 2 accounting, although the share rights relate to future specific periods of employment, part of the cost
                        is recognised in the current period.




           50           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        5. Executive remuneration - detailed elements continued




For personal use only
                        Remuneration
                        component          Purpose & execution                                          FY22 outcomes
                        Long term          Aims to reward and incentivise executives to deliver         In Year grants
                        incentives (LTI)   sustained shareholder value over multiple periods.
                                                                                                        •   In FY22 the CEO received an LTI
                                           Annual performance right grants are made to the CEO,             performance rights grant of 125% of Fixed
                                           KMPs and other managers based on a percentage of their           Cash Remuneration or equivalent to 73,326
                                           fixed cash remuneration ranging from 10% for employees           performance rights. The issue of these
                                           to 65% for KMPs and 125% for the CEO.                            rights was approved at the AGM 11th
                                           The number of rights issued is based on the value of             November 2021
                                           shares in the company using a 20-trading day trailing        •   Other KMP’s received a grant of 65% of
                                           volume weighted average price (VWAP) up to date of               fixed cash remuneration or equivalent to
                                           financial year end.                                              50,621 performance rights.
                                           The number of rights vesting in favour of the individual  In Year LTI Vesting
                                           depends on the delivery of set performance metrics agreed
                                           each year.                                                During FY22 100,800 rights vested in the CEO’s
                                                                                                     favour under the schemes below, and 77,900
                                           Conditions                                                rights vested in favour of the other KMPs.
                                           •   Upon satisfaction of the performance hurdles, the        FY18 Performance rights
                                               performance rights will vest into fully paid ordinary
                                               shares in the company.                                   •   31,700 shares vested to the CEO and
                                                                                                            16,500 to other KMPs as part of the third
                                           •   All unvested performance rights automatically lapse          tranche of the FY18 performance-based
                                               upon a participant ceasing employment unless                 grant. 100% of the potential rights in the
                                               otherwise determined by the Board.                           tranche vested based on 4-year positive
                                           •   Participants do not receive distributions or dividends       TSR of 194% which was above the 75th
                                               on unvested performance rights.                              percentile of the peer Group.

                                           •   The number of rights vesting is guided by the            FY19 Performance rights
                                               achievement of performance metrics, but the Board        • 34,100 shares vested to the CEO and
                                               retains absolute discretion on the number of rights that    31,800 to other KMPs as part of the second
                                               vest.                                                       tranche of the FY19 performance-based
                                           •   To make the scheme globally tax efficient (reflecting       grant. 100% of the potential rights in the
                                               different timing of taxation) there are no disposal         tranche vested based on 3-year positive
                                               restrictions after vesting, notwithstanding that any        TSR of 165% which was above the 75th
                                               trading in shares is, at all times, subject to the          percentile of the peer Group.
                                               company’s share trading policy.                          FY20 Performance rights
                                           •   In the event of a takeover bid where the bidder and      •   35,000 shares vested to the CEO and
                                               its associates become entitled to at least 50% of the        29,600 to other KMPs as part of the first
                                               voting shares of the company, any performance rights         tranche of the FY20 performance-based
                                               granted will vest where the Board, in its absolute           grant. 100% of the potential rights in the
                                               discretion, is satisfied that performance is in line         tranche vested based on 2-year positive
                                               with any performance condition applicable to those           TSR of 79% which was above the 75th
                                               performance rights. Any performance rights which             percentile of the peer Group.
                                               do not vest will immediately lapse, unless otherwise
                                               determined by the Board.                                 FY23 Vesting

                                           Performance Metrics                                          In FY23 it is expected that in August 2022:

                                           Performance metrics are agreed and set each year to          - 100% of FY19 performance rights will vest
                                           govern the potential vesting of the performance rights.      based on a 4- year positive TSR of 70%, putting
                                                                                                        the Group at the 92nd percentile on relative
                                           For tranches of grants where relative TSR is not a           TSR.
                                           performance hurdle the Board will measure and report
                                           relative TSR alongside the specific performance metric for   - 83.8% of FY20 performance rights will vest
                                           information.                                                 based on a 3- year positive TSR of 15%, putting
                                                                                                        the Group at the 67th percentile of relative TSR.




                                                                                                              Breville Group Limited annual report 2022     51
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        5. Executive remuneration - detailed elements continued




For personal use only
                        Table 5: LTI plans for which compensation is included in the remuneration tables 6 & 7

                                                                                                           Fair value per
                        LTI Plan for                                                                       performance         Number       Number
                        the year                                                                           right at Grant outstanding    outstanding
                        ended          Performance hurdles/conditions                                              date $ 30 June 2022 30 June 2021
                        FY18             Issued for nil consideration.
                        Performance      - Exercise price is $0.
                        based LTI        - Term of two to four years with vesting as follows, each
                        rights                                                                                                       -       48,200
                                             representing 33% of the total number of performance rights:
                                             (a) Total shareholder return (TSR) from 30 June 2017 to
                                                  30 June 2019 applying both an Absolute Test and a                $7.05
                                                  Relative Test.
                                             (b) Total shareholder return (TSR) from 30 June 2017 to
                                                  30 June 2020 applying both an Absolute Test and a                $6.81
                                                  Relative Test.
                                             (c) Total shareholder return (TSR) from 30 June 2017 to
                                                  30 June 2021 applying both an Absolute Test and a                $6.68
                                                  Relative Test.
                                         100% vested (144,900 shares) as at 30 June 2022 (nil lapsed).
                        FY19             Issued for nil consideration.
                        Performance      - Exercise price is $0.
                        based LTI        - Term of two to four years with vesting as follows, each
                        rights                                                                                                 65,700       131,600
                                             representing 33% of the total number of performance rights:
                                             (a) Total shareholder return (TSR) from 30 June 2018 to
                                                  30 June 2020 applying both an Absolute Test and a                $7.07
                                                  Relative Test.
                                             (b) Total shareholder return (TSR) from 30 June 2018 to
                                                  30 June 2021 applying both an Absolute Test and a                $6.81
                                                  Relative Test.
                                             (c) Total shareholder return (TSR) from 30 June 2018 to
                                                  30 June 2022 applying both an Absolute Test and a                $6.58
                                                  Relative Test.
                                         67% vested (132,000 shares) as at 30 June 2022 (nil lapsed).
                        FY20             Issued for nil consideration.
                        Performance      - Exercise price is $0.
                        based LTI        - Term of two to four years with vesting as follows, each
                        rights                                                                                                128,900       193,500
                                             representing 33% of the total number of performance rights:
                                             (a) Total shareholder return (TSR) from 30 June 2019 to
                                                  30 June 2021 applying both an Absolute Test and a                $6.51
                                                  Relative Test.
                                             (b) Total shareholder return (TSR) from 30 June 2019 to
                                                  30 June 2022 applying both an Absolute Test and a                $6.81
                                                  Relative Test.
                                             (c) Total shareholder return (TSR) from 30 June 2019 to
                                                  30 June 2023 applying both an Absolute Test and a                $7.06
                                                  Relative Test.
                                         33% vested (64,600 shares) as at 30 June 2022 (nil lapsed)
                        FY21             Issued for nil consideration.
                        Performance      - Exercise price is $0.
                        based LTI        - Term of three years with vesting applying Absolute Test of
                        rights                                                                                                147,632       147,632
                                             total shareholder return (TSR) from 30 June 2020 to 30 June
                                             2023.
                                         - minimum 0% and maximum 100% TSR targets set with                      $14.69
                                             straight line pro-rating between these two.
                                         - potential Board discretion in deciding appropriate vesting
                                             was explicitly flagged given volatile environment in which
                                             original TSR targets were set
                                         0% vested as at 30 June 2022 (nil lapsed).




           52           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        5. Executive Remuneration - detailed elements continued




For personal use only
                        Table 5: LTI plans for which compensation is included in the remuneration tables 6 & 7 continued

                                                                                                            Fair value per
                        LTI Plan for                                                                        performance         Number       Number
                        the year                                                                            right at Grant outstanding    outstanding
                        ended          Performance hurdles/conditions                                               date $ 30 June 2022 30 June 2021
                        FY22            Issued for nil consideration.
                        Performance     - Exercise price is $0.                                                                    123,947                    -
                        based LTI       - Term of three years with vesting based on meeting a                       $25.96
                        rights              minimum EBIT CAGR growth target and Sales CAGR
                                        - If threshold EBIT CAGR is met then 50% vesting is achieved.               $28.91
                                        - To achieve higher than 50% vesting a Sales 3-year CAGR
                                            must exceed a minimum target
                                        - To achieve 100% vesting a maximum target must be
                                            achieved - sliding scale set between these 2 points.
                                        - KMPs (Grant Date 6th October 2021)
                                        - Jim Clayton (Grant Date 11th November 2021 post
                                            shareholder approval)
                                        0% vested as at 30 June 2022 (nil lapsed).


                        6. Non-executive Director remuneration
                        In accordance with best practice corporate governance, the structure of non-executive Director and executive
                        remuneration is separate and distinct. The Board seeks to set non-executive Director remuneration at a suitable level
                        to attract and retain high calibre Directors whilst being commensurate with growing international companies of a
                        similar size and type.
                        The remuneration of non-executive Directors is reviewed annually. Each Director receives a fee for being a Director
                        of the company. An additional fee is also paid to each Director who also acts as Chairperson of a Board committee
                        recognising the additional time commitment required by the Director to facilitate the running of the committee.
                        The Group’s constitution and the ASX Listing Rules specify that the aggregate remuneration of non-executive
                        Directors shall be determined from time to time by general meeting. The aggregate remuneration of $1,800,000 per
                        year was approved by shareholders at the annual general meeting held in November 2021.
                        The remuneration of non-executive Directors for the year ended 30 June 2022 is detailed in Table 6 on page 54 with
                        the total fees paid of $1,272,452 representing 70% of this approved aggregate remuneration.

                        Remuneration
                        component          Purpose & execution                   FY22 outcomes
                        Non-executive      Aims to attract, reward, and retain   The aggregate remuneration pool was approved at the November 2021
                        Director fees      high calibre Directors suitable       AGM to $1,800,000 to allow the Group to attract high calibre international
                                           for a fast-growing international      Directors.
                                           business.
                                                                            •        Main Board Chairperson Fee: equivalent to $350,000 p.a. inclusive of
                                           Each Director receives a fee or           superannuation.
                                           base remuneration as a Director
                                                                            •        Lawrence Myers was appointed Deputy Chairperson during FY22
                                           of the Group with an additional
                                                                                     and receives an additional $40,000 pa inclusive of superannuation in
                                           fee for acting as Chairperson or
                                                                                     this role.
                                           Chairperson of a Board committee
                                           recognising the additional time  •        Main Board Member Fee: equivalent to $145,000 p.a. inclusive of
                                           commitment required.                      superannuation.
                                           •   Non-Executive Director            •   Board Committee Chair Fee: equivalent to $30,000 p.a. inclusive
                                               remuneration is reviewed              of superannuation. Board subcommittees included the Audit and
                                               annually within the aggregate         Risk Committee (ARC), the People Performance Remuneration and
                                               remuneration pool of                  Nominations Committee (PPRNC) and the Sustainability Committee.
                                               $1,800,000 approved by the
                                                                                 •   Lawrence Myers chairs the ARC; Kate Wright chairs the PPRNC;
                                               AGM held in November 2021.
                                                                                     Peter Cowan Chairs the Sustainability committee.
                                                                                 •   Tim Baxter was appointed as a non-executive board Director
                                                                                     effective 1st June 2022.
                                                                                 •   The total fees paid in FY22 of $1,272,452 represents 70% of the
                                                                                     shareholder approved aggregate remuneration of $1,800,000.




                                                                                                                Breville Group Limited annual report 2022         53
54                                                                     For personal use only
                                                                                                                Long     Fixed deferred                  Cash
                                                                             Salary &              Super-     service     remuneration                bonuses     Performance                          Fixed
                                                                                 fees     Other annuation       leave            rights   Subtotal       (STI)      rights (LTI)        Total   remuneration   STI   LTI
                                                                                    (b)


                                                                                     $        $          $          $                $           $           $                $            $              %     %     %

                                            Non-executive Directors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           continued
                                            T. Antonie - Chairperson          249,764          -    24,976           -                -    274,740            -                -     274,740           100%    0%    0%

                                            L. Myers - Deputy Chairperson     190,573          -    19,057           -                -    209,630            -                -     209,630           100%    0%    0%

                                            P. Cowan                          159,091          -    15,909           -                -    175,000            -                -     175,000           100%    0%    0%

                                            S. Herman                         131,818          -    13,182           -                -    145,000            -                -     145,000           100%    0%    0%

                                            D. Howell                         131,818          -    13,182           -                -    145,000            -                -     145,000           100%    0%    0%
Breville Group Limited annual report 2022



                                            K. Wright                         159,091          -    15,909           -                -    175,000            -                -     175,000           100%    0%    0%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 7. Statutory Remuneration Tables


                                            T. Baxter
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Directors’ report
                                                                                11,918         -         -           -                -     11,918            -                -       11,918          100%    0%    0%

                                            S. Fisher - Retired               123,785          -    12,379           -                -    136,164            -                -     136,164           100%    0%    0%

                                            Subtotal Directors               1,157,858         -   114,594          -                 -   1,272,452           -                -    1,272,452
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           The following tables 6 and 7 set out the statutory KMP remuneration disclosures, prepared in accordance with the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Remuneration report (audited) continued


                                            J. Clayton - Managing Director   1,672,500         -    27,500    105,117           748,836   2,553,953   1,700,000       1,343,241     5,597,194           46%    30%   24%

                                            Other key management
                                            personnel

                                            S. Brady                          542,500     30,000    27,500      8,490           197,902    806,392     210,000          257,330     1,273,722           63%    17%   20%
                                            M. Nicholas                        547,500         -    27,500       7,633          189,652    772,285     201,250          245,738     1,219,273           63%    17%   20%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Table 6: KMP remuneration for the year ended 30 June 2022 (FY22)




                                                        (a)
                                            M. Payne                          554,046     37,032         -           -          173,776    764,854      203,113         233,890     1,201,857           64%    17%   19%

                                            C. Torng                           527,500         -    27,500      5,664           183,047    743,711     194,250          236,543     1,174,504           63%    17%   20%

                                            Subtotal Executives              3,844,046    67,032   110,000    126,904         1,493,213   5,641,195   2,508,613       2,316,742 10,466,550              54%    24%   22%

                                            Totals                           5,001,904    67,032   224,594    126,904         1,493,213   6,913,647   2,508,613       2,316,742    11,739,002           59%    21%   20%

                                            (a)
                                                  M. Payne salary is denominated in USD so reported numbers in AUD are subject to exchange rate fluctuations.
                                            (b)
                                                  Not included in salary and fees but recognised through the Income Statement is annual leave expense for J. Clayton $246,997 (FY21: $164,114), S. Brady $19,131 (FY21:
                                                  $42,964), M. Nicholas $29,920 (FY21: $30,389), Mark Payne $12,602 (FY21: $9,833), Cliff Torng $18,598 (FY21: $48,291).
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Corporations Act 2001 and Australian Accounting Standards. No termination benefits were paid in FY22.
                                                                       For personal use only
                                                                                                                      Discre-                        Discretion-
                                                                                                                      tionary    Deferred             ary bonus                   Perfor-
                                                                                                  Super-      Long     Salary      remu-                      for       Cash      mance                   Fixed
                                                                            Salary &              annua-    service    repay-    neration             FY20 per-      bonuses       rights                remu-
                                                                                fees     Other       tion     leave     ment       rights   Subtotal  formance          (STI)        (LTI)       Total neration   STI   LTI
                                                                                   (c)                                     (d)                                 (a)


                                                                                    $        $         $          $         $          $           $            $           $           $           $        %     %     %

                                            Non-executive
                                            directors (c)

                                            S. Fisher – Chairperson          297,720          -    25,593         -         -           -    323,313            -            -           -    323,313    100.0%   0%    0%

                                            T. Antonie                       121,923          -    11,583         -         -           -    133,506            -            -           -    133,506    100.0%   0%    0%

                                            P. Cowan                         121,923          -    11,583         -         -           -    133,506            -            -           -    133,506    100.0%   0%    0%

                                            S. Herman                        121,923          -    11,583         -         -           -    133,506            -            -           -    133,506    100.0%   0%    0%

                                            D. Howell                        121,923          -    11,583         -         -           -    133,506            -            -           -    133,506    100.0%   0%    0%

                                            L. Myers                         149,320          -    14,186         -         -           -    163,506            -            -           -    163,506    100.0%   0%    0%

                                            K. Wright                        149,320          -    14,186         -         -           -    163,506            -            -           -    163,506    100.0%   0%    0%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          7. Statutory Remuneration Tables continued   Remuneration report (audited) continued


                                            Sub-total non-executive
                                            directors                       1,084,052         -   100,297         -         -           -   1,184,349           -            -           -   1,184,349

                                            Other key management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Table 7: KMP Remuneration for the year ended 30 June 2021



                                            personnel

                                            J. Clayton                       925,000          -    25,000    19,937    54,808     646,768   1,671,513     357,598     712,500     870,906    3,612,517     46%    30%   24%

                                            S. Brady                         545,000     30,000    25,000    12,105    33,958           -    646,063      106,348     210,000     195,467    1,157,878     55%    27%   17%
                                            M. Nicholas                      550,000          -    25,000    10,090    33,173           -    618,263      101,973     201,250     177,323    1,098,809     56%    28%   16%

                                            M. Payne (b)                     557,483     34,345         -         -    29,545           -    621,373       92,151     185,038     182,587    1,081,149     57%    26%   17%

                                            C. Torng                         530,000          -    25,000     9,430    32,019           -    596,449       98,473     194,250     178,190    1,067,362     56%    27%   17%

                                            Sub-total executive KMP         3,107,483    64,345   100,000    51,562   183,503     646,768   4,153,661     756,543    1,503,038   1,604,473   8,017,715     52%    28%   20%

                                            Totals                          4,191,535    64,345   200,297    51,562   183,503     646,768   5,338,010     756,543    1,503,038   1,604,473   9,202,064     58%    25%   17%

                                            (a)
                                                  Discretionary payment in lieu of FY20 bonus forgone includes a discretionary payment of 50 shares at a share price of $26.96, which was part of a company-wide
                                                  recognition for achieving $1bn sales and was not specifically for KMPs.
                                            (b)
                                                  M. Payne salary is denominated in USD so reported numbers in AUD are subject to exchange rate fluctuations.
                                            (c)
                                                  Non-executive directors salary increases were made effective from 1 January 2021.
                                            (d)
                                                  Repayment of salaries in lieu of salaries sacrificed in FY20.
Breville Group Limited annual report 2022




55
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        7. Statutory Remuneration Tables continued




For personal use only
                        Table 8: KMP STI cash bonuses awards in FY22 and FY21 and LTI performance rights vesting in FY22

                                                                                                         Share-based LTI performance base
                                                               STI Cash bonuses                            compensation vesting in FY22
                                                                                                    Financial Year
                        Name                 Financial Year             % Earned     % Forfeited         Granted           % Vested        % Forfeited
                        J. Clayton                       2022             100.0%             0.0%             2020              100%                 0%
                                                         2021             100.0%             0.0%             2019              100%                 0%
                                                                                                              2018              100%                 0%
                        S. Brady                         2022             100.0%             0.0%             2020              100%                 0%
                                                         2021             100.0%             0.0%             2019              100%                 0%
                                                                                                              2018              100%                 0%
                        M. Nicholas                      2022             100.0%             0.0%             2020              100%                 0%
                                                         2021             100.0%             0.0%             2019              100%                 0%


                        M. Payne                         2022             100.0%             0.0%             2020              100%                 0%
                                                         2021             100.0%             0.0%             2019              100%                 0%
                                                                                                              2018              100%                 0%
                        C. Torng                         2022             100.0%             0.0%             2020              100%                 0%
                                                         2021             100.0%             0.0%             2019              100%                 0%
                                                                                                              2018              100%                 0%

                        Table 9: KMP shareholdings
                        Ordinary shares held* in Breville Group Limited (number)

                                                                   Balance at         On exercise of                                        Balance at
                        30 June 2022                               1 July 2021                rights       Net change other (a)           30 June 2022
                        Directors
                        T. Antonie                                       43,791                      -                            -               43,791
                        L. Myers                                        100,000                      -                     33,000               133,000
                        P. Cowan                                         10,968                      -                            -               10,968
                        S. Herman                                        42,484                      -                            -               42,484
                        D. Howell                                       140,000                      -                            -             140,000
                        K. Wright                                        21,764                      -                          95                21,859
                        T. Baxter                                              -                     -                            -                        -
                        S. Fisher                                       130,000                      -                  (130,000)                          -
                        Executive Director
                        J. Clayton                                      180,443               130,740                     (79,567)              231,616
                        Other KMP
                        S. Brady                                        171,716                 66,800                   (133,516)              105,000
                        M. Nicholas                                      41,185                 15,800                    (32,835)                24,150
                        M. Payne                                         61,345                 20,500                    (20,530)                61,315
                        C. Torng                                        119,785                 19,800                    (25,500)               114,085
                        Total (b)                                      1,063,481              253,640                    (388,853)              928,268
                        * Held directly, indirectly or beneficially.
                        (a)
                              All equity transactions with key management personnel have been entered into under terms and conditions no more favourable
                              than those the Group would have adopted if dealing at arm’s length.
                        (b)
                              ~0.6%% of total share capital is owned by KMPs (~0.6% in FY21)



           56           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        7. Statutory Remuneration Tables continued




For personal use only
                        Table 9: KMP shareholdings continued
                        Ordinary shares held* in Breville Group Limited (number)

                                                                   Balance at                On exercise of                                                Balance at
                        30 June 2021                               1 July 2020                       rights           Net change other (a)               30 June 2021
                        Directors
                        S. Fisher                                             127,764                          -                           2,236                130,000
                        P. Cowan                                               10,968                          -                                 -               10,968
                        T. Antonie                                             43,791                          -                                 -               43,791
                        S. Herman                                              42,484                          -                                 -               42,484
                        D. Howell                                             139,264                          -                             736                140,000
                        L. Myers                                              100,000                          -                                 -              100,000
                        K. Wright                                              21,764                          -                                 -               21,764
                        Other KMP
                        J. Clayton                                            335,264                 173,467                           (328,288)               180,443
                        S. Brady                                              326,351                  21,900                           (176,535)               171,716
                        M. Nicholas                                            32,835                    8,300                                 50                41,185
                        M. Payne                                               50,015                  21,800                            (10,470)                61,345
                        C. Torng                                              120,800                  20,400                            (21,415)               119,785
                        Total (b)                                       1,351,300                     245,867                           (533,686)              1,063,481
                        * Held directly, indirectly or beneficially.
                        (a)
                              All equity transactions with key management personnel have been entered into under terms and conditions no more favourable
                              than those the Group would have adopted if dealing at arm’s length.

                        Table 10: KMP Performance rights granted
                        The terms and conditions of each grant of performance rights affecting remuneration of key management personnel
                        in this financial year or future reporting years are as follows:

                                                                                  Expiry Exercise       Fair value per performance          Vested and exer-   Number of
                                                           Grant Date              Date     price   right at grant date ($) (Note 18)    cised 30 June 2022       Rights

                        FY18 Performance based            13 Nov 17 (a)*        1 Oct 19     0.00                               7.05                    Yes        48,500
                                                                       (a)*
                        FY18 Performance based            13 Nov 17             1 Oct 20     0.00                               6.81                    Yes        48,200

                        FY18 Performance based            13 Nov 17 (a)*        1 Oct 21     0.00                               6.68                    Yes        48,200
                                                                       (b)*
                        FY19 Performance based            11 Sep 18             1 Oct 20     0.00                               7.07                    Yes        66,100
                                                                       (b)*
                        FY19 Performance based            11 Sep 18             1 Oct 21     0.00                               6.81                    Yes        65,900
                                                                       (b)*
                        FY19 Performance based            11 Sep 18             3 Oct 22     0.00                               6.58                       -       65,700

                        FY20 Performance based            11 Oct 19 (c)*        1 Oct 21     0.00                               6.51                    Yes        64,600
                                                                       (c)*
                        FY20 Performance based            11 Oct 19             3 Oct 22     0.00                               6.81                       -       64,450
                                                                       (c)*
                        FY20 Performance based            11 Oct 19             2 Oct 23     0.00                               7.06                       -       64,450

                        FY21 Performance based             7 Sep 20 (d)*        1 Oct 23     0.00                              14.69                       -      147,632

                        FY22 Performance based             6 Oct 21 (e)*        1 Oct 24     0.00                              25.96                       -       50,621
                                                                       (e)*
                        FY22 Performance based            11 Nov 21             1 Oct 24     0.00                              28.91                       -       73,326




                                                                                                                             Breville Group Limited annual report 2022      57
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        7. Statutory Remuneration Tables continued




For personal use only
                        Table 10: KMP Performance rights granted continued
                        * In addition to the TSR performance hurdle, the participant must be employed by the company on the vesting date.
                        (a)
                              There are three equal tranches to be tested at 30 June 2019, 30 June 2020 and 30 June 2021 all with a total shareholder return
                              hurdle (TSR) applying an absolute test and a relative test. Two tranches remain to be tested at 30 June 2020 and 30 June 2021
                              respectively.
                        (b)
                              There are three equal tranches to be tested at 30 June 2020, 30 June 2021 and 30 June 2022 all with a total shareholder return
                              hurdle (TSR) applying an absolute test and a relative test.
                        (c)
                              There are three equal tranches to be tested at 30 June 2021, 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2023 all with a total shareholder return
                              hurdle (TSR) applying an absolute test and a relative test.
                        (d)
                              One tranche with an absolute total shareholder return hurdle (TSR) applying an absolute test.
                        (e)
                              One tranche with an EBIT CAGR gate and max and min revenue CAGR target.

                        Table 11: Fixed deferred remuneration share rights holding of KMPs
                        The terms and conditions of each grant of rights issues as deferred remuneration affecting remuneration of KMPs in
                        this financial year or future reporting years are as follows:

                                                                          Expiry Exercise         Fair value per performance         Vested and exer-   Number of
                                                         Grant Date        Date     price     right at grant date ($) (Note 18)   cised 30 June 2022       Rights
                        Jim Clayton                        29 Jan 20     1 Oct 21      0.00                              16.70                   Yes       29,940
                        Jim Clayton                        29 Jan 20     3 Oct 22      0.00                              16.70                      -      29,940
                        Jim Clayton                        29 Jan 20     2 Oct 23      0.00                              16.70                      -      29,940
                        Jim Clayton                        29 Jan 20     1 Oct 24      0.00                              16.70                      -      29,940
                        Jim Clayton                         7 Sep 20     3 Oct 25      0.00                              19.60                      -      22,311
                        Other KMPs                          5 Oct 21   25 Aug 22       0.00                              27.21                      -      11,810
                        Other KMPs                          5 Oct 21   25 Aug 23       0.00                              26.87                      -      17,717
                        Other KMPs                          5 Oct 21   25 Aug 24       0.00                              26.52                      -      26,574
                        Other KMPs                          5 Oct 21   25 Aug 25       0.00                              26.18                      -      39,861
                        Other KMPs                          5 Oct 21   25 Aug 26       0.00                              25.85                      -      59,793
                        Jim Clayton                        11 Nov 21   25 Aug 23       0.00                              29.28                      -      12,077
                        Jim Clayton                        11 Nov 21   25 Aug 24       0.00                              28.91                      -      12,077
                        Jim Clayton                        11 Nov 21   25 Aug 25       0.00                              28.54                      -      12,077
                        Jim Clayton                        11 Nov 21   25 Aug 26       0.00                              28.17                      -      29,330




           58           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        7. Statutory Remuneration Tables continued




For personal use only
                        Table 12: Unvested Performance and Fixed Deferred Remuneration Rights holdings of KMPs

                                                           Balance     Granted as                  Vested and                                     Balance
                        30 June 2022                  30 June 2021 remuneration (a)                 exercised                Other (b)       30 June 2022
                        Other key
                        management
                        personnel
                        J. Clayton                           427,650              138,887             (130,740)                       -            435,797
                        S. Brady                              63,403               54,866               (21,800)                      -             96,469
                        M. Nicholas                           55,578               52,580               (15,800)                      -             92,358
                        M. Payne                              58,874               48,180               (20,500)                      -             86,554
                        C. Torng                              57,498               50,750               (19,800)                      -             88,448
                                                             663,003              345,263             (208,640)                       -            799,626
                        (a)
                              Performance rights granted during the year are subject to performance hurdles and remaining in employment until date of vesting.
                        (b)
                              Includes forfeitures and lapses.

                                                           Balance     Granted as                  Vested and                                     Balance
                        30 June 2021                  30 June 2020 remuneration (a)                 exercised                Other (b)       30 June 2021
                        Other key
                        management
                        personnel
                        J. Clayton                           466,827              103,190              (142,367)                      -            427,650
                        S. Brady                              67,900               17,403                (21,900)                     -             63,403
                        M. Nicholas                           47,200               16,678                 (8,300)                     -             55,578
                        M. Payne                              64,100               16,574                (21,800)                     -             58,874
                        C. Torng                              61,800               16,098                (20,400)                     -             57,498
                                                             707,827              169,943              (214,767)                      -            663,003
                        (a)
                              Performance rights granted during the year are subject to performance hurdles and/or remaining in employment until date of
                              vesting.
                        (b)
                              Includes forfeitures and lapses.




                                                                                                                    Breville Group Limited annual report 2022    59
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Remuneration report (audited) continued
                        8. LTI Relative TSR Peer group appendix




For personal use only
                        Table 13: Bloomberg ASX200 Consumer Staples, Consumer Discretionary and Industrials Peer Group used
                        for Relative TSR Measurement

                        Code    Company                    Sector                   Code   Company                    Sector
                        A2M     The a2 Milk Company        Consumer Staples         NWH    NRW Holdings Limited       Industrials

                        ALG     Ardent leisure grp ltd     Consumer Discretionary   NWS    News Corp Class B Voting Communication Services
                                                                                           Common Stock-Cdi
                        ALL     Aristocrat Leisure         Consumer Discretionary
                                                                                    OML    Ooh!Media Limited          Consumer Discretionary
                        ALQ     Als Limited                Industrials
                                                                                    PMV    Premier Investments        Consumer Discretionary
                        ALX     Atlas Arteria              Industrials
                                                                                    QAN    Qantas Airways             Industrials
                        ARB     ARB Corporation            Consumer Discretionary
                                                                                    QUB    QUBE Holdings Limited      Industrials
                        ASB     Austal Limited             Industrials
                                                                                    RWC    Reliance Worldwide         Industrials
                        AZJ     Aurizon Holdings Limited   Industrials
                                                                                    SEK    Seek Limited               Communication Services
                        BAP     Bapcor Limited             Consumer Discretionary
                                                                                    SGR    The Star Ent Group         Consumer Discretionary
                        BGA     Bega Cheese Limited        Consumer Staples
                                                                                    SIQ    Smartgrp Corporation       Industrials
                        BKL     Blackmores Limited         Consumer Staples
                                                                                    SKC    Skycity Ent Group          Consumer Discretionary
                        BRG     Breville Group Limited     Consumer Discretionary          Limited Foreign Exempt
                                                                                           NZX
                        BXB     Brambles Limited           Industrials
                                                                                    SSM    Service Stream             Industrials
                        CGC     Costa Group Holdings       Consumer Staples
                                                                                    SUL    Super Ret Rep Limited      Consumer Discretionary
                        COL     Coles Group                Consumer Staples
                                                                                    SVW    Seven Group Holdings       Industrials
                        CTD     Corp Travel Limited        Consumer Discretionary
                                                                                    SWM Seven West Media              Consumer Discretionary
                        CWY     Cleanaway Waste Limited    Industrials                     Limited
                        DMP     Domino PIZZA Enterpr       Consumer Discretionary   SXL    STHN Cross Media           Consumer Discretionary
                        DOW     Downer Edi Limited         Industrials              TAH    Tabcorp Holdings Limited   Consumer Discretionary
                        EHL     Emeco Holdings             Industrials              TCL    Transurban Group           Industrials
                        ELD     Elders Limited             Consumer Staples         TGR    Tassal Group Limited       Consumer Staples
                        FLT     Flight Centre Travel       Consumer Discretionary   TWE    Treasury Wine Estate       Consumer Staples
                        GEM     G8 Education Limited       Consumer Discretionary   WEB    Webjet Limited             Consumer Discretionary
                        GNC     Graincorp Limited Class A Consumer Staples          WES    Wesfarmers Limited         Consumer Discretionary
                        GUD     G.U.D. Holdings            Consumer Discretionary   WOW Woolworths Group              Consumer Staples
                                                                                           Limited
                        GWA     GWA Group Limited          Industrials

                        HVN     Harvey Norman              Consumer Discretionary

                        IEL     Idp Education Limited      Consumer Discretionary

                        ING     Inghams Group              Consumer Staples

                        IPH     IPH Limited                Industrials

                        IVC     Invocare Limited           Consumer Discretionary

                        JBH     JB Hi-Fi Limited           Consumer Discretionary

                        MMS     McMillan Shakespeare       Industrials

                        MND     Monadelphous Group         Industrials

                        MTS     Metcash Limited            Consumer Staples

                        NEA     Nearmap Limited            Industrials

                        NEC     Nine Entertainment         Communication Services




           60           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Directors’ meetings
                        The number of meetings of Directors (including




For personal use only
                        meetings of committees of Directors) held during the
                        year and the number of Board meetings attended by
                        each Director or by each committee member, in the
                        case of the audit and risk committee (A&RC) and the
                        people, performance, remuneration and nominations
                        committee (PPRNC), was as follows:

                                                                                Audit & risk    People, performance, remuneration &       Sustainability
                                                                Full board        (A&RC)                nominations (PPRNC)                Committee

                        Number of meetings                          16                5                             4                            2
                                                                       (b)
                        T. Antonie                                16                  5                             4                            0
                                                                                        (b)                           (a)
                        L. Myers                                    16              5                             4                              0
                        J Clayton (c)                               14                4                             3                            0
                        P. Cowan                                    15                5                             4                          2 (b)
                        S. Herman                                   16                5                             4                          2 (a)
                        D. Howell                                   16              5 (a)                         4 (a)                          0
                                                                                        (a)
                        K. Wright                                   16              5                             4 (b)                        2 (a)
                        T. Baxter (d)                               2                 1                             1                            0
                        S. Fisher                                   5                 2                             1                            0
                        Notes
                        (a)
                              A member of the relevant committee. All board members are invited to attend the committee meetings.
                        (b)
                              Designates the current chairperson of the Board or committee.
                        (c)
                              Jim Clayton appointed Managing Director on 18th August 2021.
                        (d)
                              Tim Baxter appointed Director on 1st June 2022 – 100% attendance after appointment.


                        Committee membership
                        As of the date of this report, the company had an audit
                        and risk committee (A&RC) and a people, performance,
                        remuneration and nominations committee (PPRNC) and
                        a Sustainability committee. The details of the functions
                        and memberships of the committees are presented in
                        the corporate governance statement.
                        •     The current members, as at the date of this report,
                              of the A&RC are L. Myers (Chairperson), D. Howell
                              and K. Wright.
                        •     The current members, as at the date of this report,
                              of the PPRNC are K. Wright (Chairperson), D.
                              Howell and L. Myers.
                        •     The current members, as at the date of this report,
                              of the Sustainability committee are P. Cowan
                              (Chairperson), K. Wright, S. Herman and D. Howell.
                        All Chairs and members of the A&RC and PPRNC are
                        independent.
                        All Board Members may attend A&RC and PPRNC
                        and Sustainability committee meetings by standing
                        invitation.




                                                                                                                 Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   61
                        Directors’ report
                        continued

                        Indemnification of directors and                               Lapse of unvested performance rights
                        officers                                                       During the year 101,606 unvested performance rights




For personal use only
                                                                                       lapsed following the cessation of employment of
                        The Directors and officers of the company are                  employees or executives and no unvested performance
                        indemnified by the company against losses or liabilities       rights lapsed as a result of performance hurdles not
                        that they may sustain or incur as an officer of the            being met. (2021: 1,954 unvested performance rights
                        company in the proper performance of their duties.             lapsed following the cessation of employment of
                        During the financial year, the company paid premiums           employees or executives and no unvested performance
                        in respect of contracts to insure the Directors and            rights lapsed as a result of performance hurdles not
                        officers of the company against a liability to the extent      being met).
                        permitted by the Corporations Act 2001. The contract
                        of insurance prohibits disclosure of the nature of liability
                        and the amount of the premiums.                                Auditor’s declaration of independence
                                                                                       Attached on page 119 is a copy of the auditor’s
                        Likely future developments and                                 declaration provided under section 307C of the
                                                                                       Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit for the
                        expected results                                               year ended 30 June 2022. This auditor’s declaration
                                                                                       forms part of this Directors’ report.
                        Disclosure of information as to likely future
                        developments in the operations of the consolidated
                        entity and expected results of those operations would          Non-audit services
                        be prejudicial to the interests of the consolidated entity.
                        Accordingly, such information has not been included in         During the financial year ended 30 June 2022 the
                        this report.                                                   company’s auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers,
                                                                                       provided non-audit services to Breville Group
                                                                                       entities. Details of the amounts paid to the auditor
                        Environmental regulations and                                  PricewaterhouseCoopers for the provision of non-audit
                        performance                                                    services during the year ended 30 June 2022 are set
                                                                                       out in note 21 on page 115. These services primarily
                        The consolidated entity is not involved in any activities      relate to tax compliance and advisory services.
                        that have a marked influence on the environment
                                                                                       For FY22, the ratio between audit and non-audit fees is
                        within its area of operation. The Group’s commitment
                                                                                       1.4 to 1.0.
                        to sustainability including environmental initiatives is
                        outlined in pages 25 - 40 of the Directors’ Report.            A portion of the non-audit fees associated with taxation
                                                                                       and accounting advisory services in FY22 are non-
                                                                                       recurring in nature relating to VAT consulting in Europe
                        Corporate governance                                           and immigration and visa support. The group moved its
                                                                                       US tax compliance work in FY22.
                        In recognising the need for the highest standards of
                        corporate behaviour and accountability, the Directors          In accordance with the recommendation from the A&RC
                        support the principles of good corporate governance.           of the company, the Directors are satisfied that the
                        The company’s corporate governance statement is on             provision of the non- audit services during the year is
                        page 64.                                                       compatible with the general standard of independence
                                                                                       imposed by the Corporations Act. Also, in accordance
                                                                                       with the recommendation from the A&RC, the Directors
                        Performance rights                                             are satisfied that the nature and scope of each type
                                                                                       of non- audit service provided means that auditor
                        Unissued shares                                                independence was not compromised. The auditors
                                                                                       have also provided the audit and risk committee with a
                        As of the date of this report there were 1,687,103             report confirming that, in their professional judgement,
                        potential unissued shares under the performance rights         they have maintained their independence in accordance
                        and fixed deferred remuneration share rights schemes           with the firm’s requirements, the provisions of APES 110
                        (2021: 1,388,145) . Refer to note 19 of the financial          Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants and the
                        report for further details of the performance rights           applicable provisions of the Corporations Act.
                        outstanding and fixed deferred remuneration share
                        rights. Neither performance rights holders, nor fixed
                        deferred remuneration share rights holders, have any
                        right, by virtue of the performance right, to participate in
                        any share issue of the company.




           62           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Significant events after year end
                        On 1st July 2022 Breville Group Limited acquired 100%




For personal use only
                        of the issued shares in LELIT, an Italian based speciality
                        coffee group, for consideration of approximately
                        $140m. As a rapidly growing disruptor in the premium
                        Italian-made espresso machine and grinder market, the
                        acquisition of LELIT strategically complements Breville’s
                        award-winning coffee portfolio and brings together
                        two iconic companies in the design and distribution
                        of preeminent home coffee equipment. The financial
                        effects of this transaction have not been recognised at
                        30 June 2022. The operating results and assets and
                        liabilities of the acquired company will be consolidated
                        from 1 July 2022.
                        At the time the financial statements were authorised for
                        issue, the group had not yet completed the accounting
                        for the acquisition of LELIT. In particular, the fair
                        values of the assets disclosed above have only been
                        determined provisionally as the independent valuations
                        have not been finalised. It is also not yet possible
                        to provide detailed information about each class of
                        acquired receivables and any contingent liabilities of the
                        acquired entity.
                        No other matters or circumstances have arisen since
                        the end of the year that significantly affected or may
                        affect the operations of the consolidated entity.
                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of Directors.




                        Timothy Antonie
                        Non-executive Chairperson
                        Sydney
                        23 August 2022




                                                                                     Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   63
                        Corporate governance statement

                        The Board of Directors is responsible for the                     The following documents are available in the corporate
                        corporate governance practices of the company and                 governance section of the company’s website
                        is committed to adhering to the Australian Securities             brevillegroup.com




For personal use only
                        Exchange (‘ASX’) Corporate Governance Council
                                                                                          •    Board charter
                        (‘council’) ‘Corporate Governance Principles and
                        Recommendations (4th Edition)’.                                   •    Audit and risk committee charter
                                                                                          •    People, performance, remuneration and nomination
                        The ASX principles that have been adopted are outlined
                                                                                               committee charter
                        below.
                                                                                          •    Sustainability committee charter
                        The company’s corporate governance practices
                        throughout the year ended 30 June 2022 were                       •    Code of conduct
                        compliant with the council’s principles and                       •    Anti-bribery and corruption
                        recommendations, except for those differences                     •    Whistleblower Protection Policy
                        disclosed and explained in this statement.
                                                                                          •    Ethical sourcing policy
                                                                                          •    Modern Slavery statement
                                                                                          •    Diversity & inclusion policy
                                                                                          •    Share trading policy
                                                                                          •    Continuous disclosure policy
                                                                                          •    Selection and appointment of Directors
                                                                                          •    Criteria for assessing independence of Directors
                                                                                          •    Shareholder communications policy
                                                                                          •    Minimum shareholding guideline policy
                                                                                          •    Workplace gender equality agency report
                                                                                          •    Sustainability Policy

                        The skills, diversity, and term in office of the current Directors as of the date of this report are as follows:

                        Director             Appointed Term in office             Qualifications Non-executive Independent Last elected
                        Timothy Antonie
                        (Chairperson)               2013             9 years               BEcon                  Yes                No             2020
                        Jim Clayton                 2021              1 year BBA, Finance, JD                      No                No              N/A
                        Peter Cowan                 2018             4 years                  Other               Yes               Yes             2021
                        Sally Herman                2013             9 years          BA, GAICD                   Yes                No             2019
                        Dean Howell                 2008            14 years           FCA, CTA                   Yes               Yes             2020
                        Lawrence Myers              2013             9 years   B.Acct, CA, CTA                    Yes               Yes             2021
                        Kate Wright                 2016             6 years                    BA                Yes               Yes             2019
                        Timothy Baxter              2022             0 years                    BS                Yes               Yes                  -

                        The Board has a wide range of skills which are                    Breville maintains a majority independent Board and
                        necessary for the effective management of the business            is steadily evolving its Board composition to benefit
                        including in the following areas:                                 from diversity in all its forms including gender, skill set,
                                                                                          experience, ethnicity, and geography.
                        •   Corporate strategy and executive leadership
                        •   Multinational businesses and global markets                   As previously announced the Group was committed to
                                                                                          adding another independent Director in FY22. Given
                        •   Marketing
                                                                                          that 80% of the Group’s revenue in FY22 was outside of
                        •   Consumer goods                                                Australia, with 52% in North America, priority was given
                        •   Product development and technology                            to adding a highly credentialed, non- Australian based
                        •   Retail                                                        Director. In June 2022 Mr Tim Baxter joined the Board
                                                                                          bringing specific experience of leading a consumer
                        •   Risk management                                               products business on a global scale and adding
                        •   Banking compliance and governance                             geographic and nationality diversity to the Board.
                        •   Accounting, tax, reporting, and financial analysis            Mr Baxter is the first non- Australian based Director
                                                                                          the group has appointed. Along with Mr Clayton, Mr
                        •   Mergers, acquisitions, and capital raisings
                                                                                          Baxter’s appointment increases the number of North
                        •   Human resources and executive remuneration                    Americans on the Board to two, or 25%.
                        •   Investor relations




           64           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Principle 1: Lay solid foundations for                        •   Representation of women trained in recruitment and
                                                                                          on selection panels: Ongoing progress was made
                        management and oversight                                          during the year with additional women being trained




For personal use only
                                                                                          in these skills;
                        Role of the Board and management
                                                                                      •   Issuing the company’s equal opportunity statement
                        The Board guides and monitors the business and                    to recruiting agencies: This continued during the
                        affairs of the company on behalf of the shareholders,             year;
                        by whom it is elected and to whom it is accountable.          •   Explicit requirement of recruiting agencies to provide
                        The Board has adopted formal guidelines for Board                 a gender balance of suitable, qualified, shortlisted
                        operation and membership. These guidelines outline the            candidates for interview: This initiative continued to
                        roles and responsibilities of the Board and its members           progress during the year;
                        and establish the relationship between the Board and
                                                                                      •   Promoting a safe workplace free from harassment
                        management.
                                                                                          or discrimination of any kind: Training and education
                        The Board is responsible for approving the strategic              programs which included topics on unconscious
                        direction of the company, establishing goals for                  bias, harassment, bullying, victimisation and
                        management including the annual budget, monitoring                discrimination were conducted during the year;
                        the achievement of those goals and establishing a             •   Enhancing the gender balance in career
                        sound system of risk oversight and management. The                development in senior and managerial roles;
                        Board will regularly review its performance and the
                        performance of its committees. The respective roles           •   Continue flexible working arrangements where
                        and responsibilities of the Board and management are              operationally appropriate; and
                        outlined further in the Board charter.                        •   A target gender balance of at least 40% of either
                                                                                          gender in managerial and executive roles and
                        Appointment of Board members                                      approximately 30% for the Board.
                        A detailed process is undertaken for the appointment          The proportion of women employees in the company at
                        of new Board members, including appropriate checks            30 June 2022 is shown in the below table.
                        as to background, experience and skill set and any
                        potential conflicts of interest.                                                                        30 June        30 June
                                                                                                                                   2022           2021
                        During FY22 Jim Clayton joined the Board as Managing
                        Director and Tim Baxter joined the Board as a Non-            Women on the Board1                           25%           29%
                        Executive Director. Both are US citizens with Tim Baxter                                           2
                                                                                      Women in senior executive roles               34%           35%
                        being based in the New York area. Mr. Baxter brings
                        deep operational expertise in Consumer Electronics,           Women in managerial roles      3
                                                                                                                                    36%           36%
                        inclusive of ecosystem development and connected
                                                                                      Women in company                              45%           45%
                        devices. This skillset and global experience will enhance
                        the Board’s capability to continue to deliver sustained       1
                                                                                          The number of women on the Board remained at 2.
                        global growth.
                                                                                          Proportion after the appointment of Tim Baxter reduced to
                        As at the date of this annual report, all Directors               25%.
                        have a written agreement outlining their roles and            2
                                                                                          The senior and executive role measure is comprised of all
                        responsibilities. New Directors receive a comprehensive           executive staff reporting to the CEO and their direct reports.
                        briefing package prior to their appointment.                  3
                                                                                          Managerial roles include all executive, senior and
                                                                                          management roles.
                        Company secretaries
                                                                                      To assist the Board in fulfilling its responsibilities in
                        The company secretaries are directly accountable to the       relation to diversity, the implementation of these
                        Board on all matters relating to the proper functioning of    objectives is overseen by the people, performance,
                        the Board.                                                    remuneration and nominations committee (PPRNC). The
                        Diversity policy                                              committee shall:
                                                                                      •   report to the Board at least annually, on the
                        The company is an equal opportunity employer and
                                                                                          company’s progress in achieving the objectives set
                        values differences such as gender, age, sexuality,
                                                                                          for achieving gender diversity;
                        culture, disability and, ethnicity. The company’s diversity
                        policy aims to ensure a corporate culture that supports       •   regularly oversee a review of the relative proportion
                        workplace diversity whilst providing access to equal              of women across the company and their relative
                        opportunities at work based on merit. This policy is              positions; and
                        available on the company’s website in the corporate           •   consider other initiatives to promote diversity in the
                        governance section and is subject to periodic review              workplace.
                        and may be changed by resolution of the Board.                The composition of the Breville Board is evolving with
                        Diversity policy objectives                                   the last three non-executive Director appointments all
                                                                                      being independent, one of whom is a woman. Future
                        The objectives set by the Board in accordance with the        appointments will seek to enhance both the skill set and
                        diversity policy, and progress towards achieving them,        diversity of the Board in all forms.
                        including gender balance, are:



                                                                                                            Breville Group Limited annual report 2022      65
                        Corporate governance statement
                        continued

                        Principle 1: Lay solid foundations for                       the Chairperson and representing the Board as the lead
                                                                                     independent Director when the Chairperson is unable to
                        management and oversight continued                           do so because of his non-independent status.




For personal use only
                        Workplace equality                                           As the Chairperson is not independent, the Board
                                                                                     appointed Mr. Myers as its lead independent Director.
                        In accordance with the requirements of the Workplace         Mr. Myers was subsequently appointed as Deputy
                        Gender Equality Act 2012 (Act), Breville Pty Limited         Chairperson in FY22.
                        lodged its annual compliance report with the Workplace
                        Gender Equality Agency. This report is available on          Director independence
                        the company’s website at the corporate governance            In considering whether a Director is independent, the
                        section.                                                     Board refers to the company’s “Criteria for assessing
                        Evaluating the performance of the Board                      independence of Directors” at the corporate governance
                                                                                     section of the company’s website, which is consistent
                        The Chairperson is responsible for evaluating the            with the council’s recommendations. Independent
                        Board’s performance by way of an annual internal             Directors of the company are those that are not involved
                        assessment. Each Director provides written feedback in       in the day-to-day management of the company and are
                        relation to the performance of the Board and Directors       free from any real or reasonably perceived business or
                        against a set of agreed criteria. This feedback is           other relationship that could materially interfere with the
                        reported by the Chairperson to the Board following the       exercise of their unfettered and independent judgement.
                        assessment.
                                                                                     In accordance with the definition of independence
                        Evaluating the performance of key executives                 above, and the materiality thresholds outlined in the
                                                                                     company’s policy ‘Criteria for assessing independence
                        The performance of key executives is reviewed against        of Directors’, it is the Board’s view that Mr. Peter
                        specific and measurable qualitative and quantitative         Cowan, Mr. Dean Howell, Mr. Lawrence Myers, Mr. Tim
                        performance criteria and includes:                           Baxter and Ms. Kate Wright are independent Directors.
                        •   financial measures of the company’s performance;         Mr. Dean Howell’s independence was explicitly reviewed
                                                                                     in light of his tenure with the Group, and this was
                        •   development and achievement of strategic                 reconfirmed given his track record of independent
                            objectives;                                              opinion and action and the fact that the executive team
                        •   development of management and staff;                     was substantially changed over the last 7 years. Thus,
                                                                                     Mr. Howell’s tenure working with this current leadership
                        •   compliance with legislative and company policy
                                                                                     team is no longer than most of the Board.
                            requirements; and
                                                                                     The following Directors are not classified independent
                        •   achievement of key performance indicators.
                                                                                     Directors:
                        Performance evaluation                                       •   Mr Timothy Antonie (non-executive Chairperson) is a
                        All key executives were subject to an annual                     non-executive Director of Premier Investments Ltd,
                        performance review with their direct manager during the          a substantial shareholder of the company; and
                        reporting period.                                            •   Ms Sally Herman (non-executive Director) is a non-
                                                                                         executive Director of Premier Investments Ltd, a
                                                                                         substantial shareholder of the company.
                        Principle 2: Structure the Board to be
                                                                                     •   Jim Clayton (Managing Director) in his dual role
                        effective and add value                                          as Chief Executive Officer is not considered
                                                                                         independent.
                        Board composition                                            Regardless of whether Directors are defined as
                        The company’s constitution states that there must be         independent, all Directors are expected to bring
                        a minimum of three Directors and contains detailed           independent views and judgement to Board
                        provisions concerning the tenure of Directors. The           deliberations. The majority of the Board members are
                        Board currently comprises seven non-executive                independent Directors.
                        Directors and one executive Director. The Directors’         Material personal interest requirement
                        report, on pages 18 - 19, outlines the relevant skills,
                        experience and expertise held by each Director in office     The Corporations Act provides that unless agreed by
                        at the date of this report. The Board annually assesses      the Board, where any Director has a material personal
                        if there is a need for its existing Directors to undertake   interest in a matter, the Director will not be permitted to
                        professional development to ensure they perform their        be present during discussions, or to vote on the matter.
                        role effectively.
                                                                                     Access to independent advice
                        In accordance with good corporate governance, where
                        the Chairperson of the Board is not an independent           There are procedures in place to enable Directors, in
                        Director, the Board considers it to be useful and            connection with their duties and responsibilities as
                        appropriate to designate an independent Director to          Directors, to seek independent professional advice at
                        serve in a lead capacity to co-ordinate the activities of    the expense of the company. Prior written approval
                        the other independent Directors, including acting as         of the Chairperson is required, which will not be
                        principal liaison between the independent Directors and      unreasonably withheld.


           66           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Principle 2: Structure the Board to be                       The policy prohibits all personnel in all jurisdictions in
                                                                                     which the company operates or conducts commercial
                        effective and add value continued                            activities from engaging in any activity that constitutes




For personal use only
                                                                                     bribery or corruption and other improper inducements
                        Induction and continuing professional                        and/or payments.
                        development
                                                                                     To ensure that these values and the policy are properly
                        Newly appointed Directors participate in an extensive        adhered to, the Group has appointed an Anti-Bribery
                        induction program. This includes the provision of            Compliance Officer who is responsible for monitoring
                        information relevant to their role as a listed company       the application of this policy. Breaches of the
                        Director, and briefings with other Directors and key         whistleblower and anti-bribery and corruption policy are
                        members of management on the Group’s strategy,               reported to the Board via the Group CFO.
                        operations, structure and material risks. Directors are
                        also encouraged to undertake ongoing professional
                        development to develop and maintain the skills and
                                                                                     Principle 4: Safeguard integrity of
                        knowledge required to perform their role effectively.        corporate reports
                        Board committees
                                                                                     Audit and risk committee
                        The Board has established the ARC, the PPRNC and
                                                                                     The Board has an ARC, which operates under a charter
                        the Sustainability committee to assist in the execution of
                                                                                     approved by the Board. It is the Board’s responsibility
                        its duties and to allow detailed consideration of complex
                                                                                     to ensure that an effective internal control framework
                        issues.
                                                                                     exists within the consolidated entity. This includes
                        The composition of these committees is shown on page         internal controls to deal with both the effectiveness
                        61. The ARC and PPRNC comprises only independent             and efficiency of significant business processes, the
                        Directors. The recently established sustainability           safeguarding of assets, the maintenance of proper
                        committee is chaired by an independent, non-executive        accounting records and the reliability of financial
                        Director and has only non-executive membership.              information. The Board has delegated the responsibility
                                                                                     for monitoring and maintaining the framework of internal
                                                                                     control and ethical standards of the company to the
                        Principle 3: Instil a culture of acting                      ARC.
                        lawfully, ethically, and responsibly                         Among its responsibilities, the ARC:

                        Values                                                       •   ensures that company accounting policies and
                                                                                         practices are in accordance with current and
                        The culture and values of the group are led by the Board         emerging accounting standards;
                        and, supported by policy and procedure, underpin             •   reviews all accounts of the Group to be publicly
                        the ethical and responsible behaviour expected by all            released;
                        members of the group.
                                                                                     •   recommends to the Board the appointment and
                        The company has been undertaking an extensive                    remuneration of the external auditors;
                        refresh of its values which will be published in FY23.
                                                                                     •   reviews the scope of external audits
                        Code of conduct                                              •   assesses the performance and independence of the
                                                                                         external auditors, including procedures governing
                        The Board has formally adopted a code of conduct
                                                                                         partner rotation;
                        (“code”) for all employees (including Directors). The
                        code aims at maintaining the highest ethical standards,      •   reviews corporate governance practices;
                        corporate behaviour and accountability across the            •   monitors and assesses the systems for internal
                        Group. These obligations are also consistent with the            compliance and control, legal compliance and risk
                        duties imposed on Directors by the Corporations Act.             management including operational and strategic
                        In addition, Directors are obliged to be independent             risks; and
                        in judgement and to ensure that all reasonable steps         •   reviews and carries out an annual assessment of the
                        are taken to be satisfied as to the soundness of Board           company’s risk management framework.
                        decisions.
                                                                                     Composition of committee
                        Whistleblower, anti-bribery and corruption
                        policies                                                     The members of the ARC as at the date of this report
                                                                                     are:
                        The Group has an anti-bribery and corruption policy
                                                                                     •   Mr Lawrence Myers (Chairperson)
                        which, in conjunction with the code of conduct and
                        whistleblowing policy, sets out the responsibilities of      •   Mr Dean Howell
                        all the Group’s employees (including contractors) and        •   Ms Kate Wright
                        Directors regarding dealing with outside parties.




                                                                                                        Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   67
                        Corporate governance statement
                        continued

                        Principle 4: Safeguard integrity of                          The company aims to facilitate effective communication
                                                                                     with shareholders in a number of ways, including
                        corporate reports continued                                  through:




For personal use only
                        The Directors’ report, on page 61, outlines the number       •   the Annual General Meeting (AGM), which
                        of ARC meetings held during the year and the member’s            shareholders are encouraged to attend and
                        attendance at those meetings. It also outlines the               participate in, including by exercising their voting
                        qualifications of ARC members on pages 18 - 19.                  rights and asking questions of the Chair and the
                                                                                         Board. The company ensures that all substantive
                        Board members, group CEO, company secretaries,                   resolutions at the AGM, or any other meeting of
                        group CFO; the external auditors and any other persons           shareholders, are decided by a poll rather than a
                        considered appropriate may attend meetings of the                show of hands;
                        ARC by invitation. The committee also meets from
                        time to time with the external auditors independent of       •   an investor relations program, which includes
                        management.                                                      scheduled and ad-hoc briefing sessions with
                                                                                         investors, analysts and other stakeholders;
                        In accordance with the council’s recommendation 4.2,
                        the ARC is structured so that it:                            •   the Breville Group website which provides up-to-
                                                                                         date information about the company, its governance
                        •   comprises only non-executive Directors;                      framework and recent ASX announcements; and
                        •   is chaired by an independent chair, who is not chair     •   notifications from the company’s share registry.
                            of the Board; and
                        •   has at least three members, in Breville’s case, all of   Electronic communication
                            whom are independent Directors                           Shareholders can elect to receive communications from
                        In accordance with the council’s recommendation 4.2          the company’s share registry electronically. Shareholders
                        the group CEO and group CFO provide the Board with           are also able to send communications to the company
                        a written declaration confirming that the declaration        and receive responses to these communications
                        provided in accordance with section 295A of the              electronically.
                        Corporations Act is founded on a sound system of risk
                        management and internal control and that the system          Briefings
                        operated effectively in all material respects.               The company keeps a record of briefings held with
                        Composition of committee                                     investors and analysts, including a record of those
                                                                                     present and the time and place of the meeting.
                        Periodic disclosures which are not subject to external
                        audit are reviewed and presented to the Board for
                        approval and are subject to rigorous internal review prior   Principle 7: Recognise and manage risk
                        to publication.
                                                                                     The company is committed to the identification,
                                                                                     monitoring and management of risks associated with
                        Principle 5: Make timely and balanced                        its business activities including financial, operational,
                        disclosure                                                   compliance, climate, ethical conduct, brand and
                                                                                     product quality risks. The company has embedded in
                        The company’s continuous disclosure policy complies          its management and reporting systems a number of risk
                        with the council’s recommendation 5.1. This policy is        management controls.
                        available on the company’s website under the corporate       These include:
                        governance section.
                                                                                     •   a bi-annual presentation of the risk register and risk
                        Materials used for investor and analyst briefing purposes        matrix to the Board and the ARC identifying key
                        are made public via ASX announcements.                           risks, mitigants and the residual risk compared to
                        The Board approves all material market announcements             Board risk appetite.
                        before release. Any new, or substantive, analyst             •   policies and procedures for the management of
                        presentations are released on the ASX Market                     financial risk and treasury operations including
                        Announcements Platform.                                          exposures to foreign currencies and movements in
                                                                                         interest rates;
                                                                                     •   annual strategic planning sessions;
                        Principle 6: Respect the rights of
                                                                                     •   annual budgeting and monthly reporting systems
                        security holders                                                 for all businesses that enable the monitoring of
                                                                                         progress against performance targets and the
                        Communication policy                                             evaluation of trends;
                        The Company is committed to providing all shareholders       •   policies and procedures that enable management of
                        with comprehensive, timely and equal access to                   the company’s material business risks; and
                        information about its activities to enable them to           •   guidelines and limits for approval of capital
                        make informed investment decisions. The company’s                expenditure;
                        shareholder communication policy and all governance
                        information are available on the corporate governance
                        section of the company’s website.

           68           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Principle 7: Recognise and manage risk                        Principle 8: Remunerate fairly and
                        continued                                                     responsibly




For personal use only
                        Audit and risk committee                                      People, performance, remuneration and
                        The company operates a twice yearly extensive self-           nominations committee
                        assessment process as well as external audits but does        The PPRNC is responsible for overseeing the
                        not have an internal audit function. The establishment        remuneration and nomination of both key executive and
                        of an internal audit function is under review for             non-executive Board roles as well as the remuneration
                        potential implementation in FY24/25. Management               strategy for the group.
                        is responsible to the Board for the internal control
                        and risk management systems and reporting to the              The PPRNC is composed of the following Directors as
                        Board on the effectiveness of the management of its           of the date of this report:
                        material business risks. The A&RC assists the Board in        •   Ms Kate Wright (Chairperson)
                        monitoring this function.                                     •   Mr Dean Howell
                        During FY22, the ARC directly undertook the duties and        •   Mr Lawrence Myers
                        responsibilities typically delegated to a separate risk
                                                                                      In accordance with the council’s recommendation 8.1,
                        committee.
                                                                                      the PPRNC comprises:
                        Sustainability committee                                      •   an independent chairperson; and
                        The Sustainability committee is responsible for assisting     •   at least three members, in Breville’s case all of
                        the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities            whom are independent
                        in relation to sustainability policies, strategies and        The PPRNC is considered to be independent as of the
                        programs of the Group. This responsibility includes           date of this report.
                        reviewing, monitoring and making recommendations to
                        the Board in relation to any material sustainability risks,   For details on the number of meetings of the PPRNC
                        including those associated with the execution of the          held during the year and the members’ attendance at
                        Group sustainability agenda, as well as the integrity of      those meetings, refer to the Directors’ report on page
                        the Group’s sustainability reporting.                         61.

                        The Sustainability committee is composed of the               The company’s policies for participants in equity-based
                        following Directors as of the date of this report:            remuneration schemes are published on its website.
                                                                                      Key management personnel (KMPs) and associates
                        •   Mr Peter Cowan (Chairperson)                              are prohibited from entering transactions with options,
                        •   Ms Sally Herman                                           hedging arrangements or other derivative products. All
                                                                                      trading activity by KMPs, and their associates, in relation
                        •   Ms Kate Wright                                            to the company’s shares, requires formal sign off by the
                        •   Mr Dean Howell (Joined July 2022)                         Company Secretary and Chairperson.
                        The Sustainability committee comprises:                       Remuneration disclosure
                        •   an independent chairperson; and                           For details of the company’s remuneration philosophy
                        •   at least three members, all of whom are non-              and framework, and the remuneration received by
                            executive Directors.                                      Directors and executives in the current period, please
                                                                                      refer to the remuneration report contained in the
                        For details on the number of meetings of the
                                                                                      Directors’ report on pages 41 - 60.
                        Sustainability committee held during the year and the
                        members’ attendance at those meetings, refer to the           Equity based remuneration schemes and share
                        Directors’ report on page 61.                                 trading
                        The Group’s exposure to economic, environmental
                                                                                      The securities trading policy details restrictions on
                        and social sustainability risks, together with how these
                                                                                      the trading of shares received via equity-based
                        risks are managed, are detailed in the Operating and
                                                                                      remuneration schemes or otherwise acquired. All
                        Financial Review section of the Directors’ report.
                                                                                      transactions by KMP’s explicitly require Chairperson
                                                                                      approval.




                                                                                                         Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   69
                        Consolidated income statement
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                              30 June 2022    30 June 2021




For personal use only
                                                                                                 Note                $’000            $’000

                        Revenue                                                                   3(a)           1,418,437         1,187,659
                        Cost of sales                                                             3(b)            (932,500)         (773,991)
                        Gross profit                                                                               485,937          413,668

                        Other income                                                                                  405               284
                        Employee benefits expenses                                                3(e)            (158,530)         (117,833)
                        Premises & utilities expenses                                                              (17,360)          (12,344)
                        Advertising and marketing expenses                                                         (68,310)          (66,428)
                        Other expenses                                                            3(d)             (55,317)          (54,049)
                        Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation & amortisation
                        (EBITDA)                                                                                   186,825          163,298

                        Depreciation & amortisation expense                                       3(c)             (30,464)          (26,868)
                        Earnings before interest & tax (EBIT)                                                      156,361          136,430

                        Finance costs                                                              3(f)             (8,844)           (9,157)
                        Finance income                                                             3(f)               317               130
                        Profit before income tax                                                                   147,834          127,403

                        Income tax expense                                                           4             (42,117)          (36,435)
                        Net profit after income tax for the year attributable to
                        members of Breville Group Limited                                                          105,717           90,968


                                                                                                                    Cents             Cents
                        Earnings per share for profit attributable to the ordinary
                        equity holders of the Company:
                        - basic earnings per share                                                 13                 75.9              65.8
                        - diluted earnings per share                                               13                 75.3              65.2

                        The accompanying notes form an integral part of this consolidated income statement.




           70           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Consolidated statement of comprehensive
                        income for the year ended 30 June 2022
                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                           30 June 2022           30 June 2021




For personal use only
                                                                                                Note                $’000                  $’000

                        Net profit after income tax for the year                                                  105,717                90,968

                        Other comprehensive income
                        Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
                        Foreign currency translation differences                                                   19,361                (14,742)
                        Net change in fair value of cash flow hedges                                               21,940                    488
                        Income tax on other comprehensive income                                    4               (7,650)                4,370
                        Other comprehensive income for the year,
                        net of income tax                                                                          33,651                 (9,884)


                        Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
                           Owners of Breville Group Limited                                                       139,368                81,084
                        Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to
                        owners of Breville Group Limited arises from:
                           Continuing operations                                                                  139,368                81,084

                        The accompanying notes form an integral part of this consolidated statement of comprehensive income.




                                                                                                         Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   71
                        Consolidated statement of financial
                        position as at 30 June 2022
                                                                                                                        Consolidated
                                                                                                                30 June 2022       30 June 2021




For personal use only
                                                                                                    Note                 $’000           $’000

                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents (excluding bank overdrafts)                           5             168,256          129,907
                        Trade and other receivables                                                     6             194,202          119,335
                        Inventories                                                                     7             445,884          216,670
                        Current tax receivables                                                         4                2,464           4,927
                        Other financial assets                                                        16                33,484           2,625
                        Total current assets                                                                          844,290          473,464

                        Non-current assets
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                   8               33,477          26,796
                        Deferred tax assets                                                             4               13,684          17,426
                        Right-of-use assets                                                           10                44,656          33,186
                        Intangible assets                                                               9             241,047          217,442
                        Other financial assets                                                        16                 1,998           2,326
                        Total non-current assets                                                                      334,862          297,176
                        Total assets                                                                                1,179,152          770,640

                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                        6             292,272          175,796
                        Lease liabilities                                                             10                12,172           7,210
                        Current tax liabilities                                                         4                8,849          11,861
                        Provisions                                                                      6               29,482          23,592
                        Other financial liabilities                                                   16                     330           626
                        Total current liabilities                                                                     343,105          219,085

                        Non-current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                                        6                9,770          12,194
                        Borrowings                                                                    15              172,349                 -
                        Lease liabilities                                                             10                37,643          31,506
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                        4                    105            61
                        Provisions                                                                      6                1,763           1,309
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                 221,630           45,070
                        Total liabilities                                                                             564,735          264,155
                        Net assets                                                                                    614,417          506,485

                        Equity
                        Equity attributable to equity holders of Breville Group Limited
                        Issued capital                                                                14              323,165          309,615
                        Reserves                                                                      14                13,845          (14,537)
                        Retained earnings                                                                              277,407         211,407
                        Total equity                                                                                  614,417          506,485

                        The accompanying notes form an integral part of this consolidated statement of financial position.




           72           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Consolidated statement of changes in
                        equity for the year ended 30 June 2022
                                                                                                        Employee
                                                                                             Foreign       equity    Cash flow
                        Consolidated                                            Issued      currency     benefits       hedge     Retained          Total




For personal use only
                                                                                capital   translation     reserve      reserve    earnings        equity
                                                                       Note       $’000        $’000        $’000        $’000       $’000         $’000
                        2022
                        At 1 July 2021                                         309,615       (11,821)      (3,916)      1,200      211,407      506,485
                        Foreign currency translation reserve                          -       19,361            -            -           -        19,361
                        Cash flow hedges                                              -             -           -      21,940            -        21,940
                        Income tax on items taken directly to equity      4           -             -      (1,070)      (6,580)          -         (7,650)
                        Total other comprehensive income
                        for the year                                                  -       19,361       (1,070)     15,360            -        33,651
                        Profit for the year ended                                     -             -           -            -     105,717       105,717
                        Total comprehensive income
                        for the year ended                                            -       19,361       (1,070)     15,360      105,717       139,368
                        Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:
                        Dividends paid                                   12           -             -           -            -     (39,717)      (39,717)
                        Ordinary shares issued for Performance
                        Rights Plan (LTI) and Fixed Deferred
                        Remuneration Plan, net of transaction costs
                        and tax                                        14(a)    13,550              -     (13,576)           -           -            (26)
                        Ordinary shares acquired by the Trustee of
                        the Breville Group Employee Share Trust
                        (LTI)                                          14(b)   (12,626)             -           -            -           -       (12,626)
                        Transferred to participants of the
                        performance rights plan                        14(b)    12,626              -           -            -           -        12,626
                        Share-based payments                                          -             -       8,307            -           -         8,307
                        At 30 June 2022                                        323,165         7,540      (10,255)     16,560      277,407       614,417

                        2021
                        At 1 July 2020                                         246,445         2,921       (1,721)        859     166,579       415,083
                        Foreign currency translation reserve                          -      (14,742)           -            -           -       (14,742)
                        Cash flow hedges                                              -             -           -         488            -           488
                        Income tax on items taken directly to equity      4           -             -       4,517         (147)          -         4,370
                        Total other comprehensive income
                        for the year                                                  -      (14,742)       4,517         341            -         (9,884)
                        Profit for the year                                           -             -           -            -      90,968        90,968
                        Total comprehensive income
                        for the year ended                                            -      (14,742)       4,517         341       90,968        81,084
                        Transactions with owners in their capacity as owners:
                        Dividends paid                                   12           -             -           -            -     (46,140)      (46,140)
                        Ordinary shares issued to underwriters,
                        net of transactions costs and tax, and
                        participants of the DRP                                 27,971              -           -            -           -        27,971
                        Ordinary shares issued for Performance
                        Rights Plan (LTI) and Fixed Deferred
                        Remuneration Plan, net of transaction costs
                        and tax                                                 11,659              -        (453)           -           -        11,206
                        Ordinary shares issued net of transaction
                        costs and tax, on acquisition of Baratza                23,540              -           -            -           -        23,540
                        Ordinary shares acquired by the Trustee of
                        the Breville Group Employee Share Trust
                        (LTI)                                                  (11,206)             -           -            -           -       (11,206)
                        Transferred to participants of the
                        performance rights plan                                 11,206              -     (11,206)           -           -                 -
                        Share-based payments                                          -             -       4,947            -           -         4,947
                        At 30 June 2021                                        309,615       (11,821)      (3,916)      1,200      211,407      506,485


                        The accompanying notes form an integral part of this consolidated statement of changes in equity.




                                                                                                               Breville Group Limited annual report 2022       73
                        Consolidated statement of cash flows
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                             30 June 2022      30 June 2021




For personal use only
                                                                                                  Note               $’000              $’000

                        Cash flows from operating activities
                        Receipts from customers                                                                  1,458,572          1,314,512
                        Payments to suppliers and employees                                                      (1,445,886)        (1,148,624)
                        Finance income received                                                                        353                130
                        Finance costs paid                                                                           (7,834)            (8,351)
                        Income tax paid                                                                             (47,358)           (33,400)
                        Net cash flows (used in) from operating activities                         5(a)             (42,153)          124,267

                        Cash flows from investing activities
                        Purchase of plant and equipment                                               8             (16,550)            (8,523)
                        Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                                             42                 57
                        Development of intangible assets                                                            (26,142)           (22,592)
                        Cash consideration paid on acquisition of business                                                -            (60,636)
                        Net cash (used in) from investing activities                                                (42,650)           (91,694)

                        Cash flows from financing activities
                        Proceeds from borrowings                                                   5(b)            284,989             56,547
                        Repayment of borrowings                                                    5(b)            (116,068)           (57,902)
                        Proceeds from ordinary shares issued to underwriters of Dividend
                        Reinvestment Plan (DRP)                                                                           -            27,607
                        Equity dividends paid                                                     12(a)             (39,717)           (45,630)
                        Principal elements of lease payments                                        10               (7,674)            (7,479)
                        Net cash from (used in) financing activities                                               121,530             (26,857)

                        Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                   36,727              5,716

                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial year                           129,907            128,457
                        Net foreign exchange difference                                                              1,622              (4,266)

                        Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                               5(a)            168,257            129,907

                        The accompanying notes form an integral part of this consolidated cash flow statement.




           74           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                             Key numbers
                         1   Summary of significant accounting policies




For personal use only
                         2   Operating segments
                         3   Revenue and expenses
                         4   Income tax
                         5   Cash and cash equivalents
                         6   Receivables, payables and provisions
                         7   Inventories
                         8   Property, plant and equipment
                         9   Non-current assets – intangible assets
                        10   Leases
                        11   Impairment testing of goodwill and intangibles with indefinite lives

                             Capital management
                        12   Dividends
                        13   Earnings per share
                        14   Issued capital and reserves
                        15   Borrowings
                        16   Financial risk management
                        17   Interests in other entities
                        18   Parent entity information

                             Further details
                        19   Share-based payments
                        20   Related party transactions
                        21   Auditor’s remuneration
                        22   Contingencies
                        23   Events occurring after the reporting period
                        24   Other accounting policies




                                                                                                    Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   75
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Key numbers                                                (c) Basis of consolidation
                                                                                   The consolidated financial statements comprise the




For personal use only
                        Note 1. Summary of significant                             financial statements of Breville Group Limited and its
                                                                                   subsidiaries as at 30 June each year.
                        accounting policies
                                                                                   Subsidiaries are all those entities over which the Group
                        Breville Group Limited is a for profit company limited     has control. The Group controls an entity when the
                        by shares incorporated in Australia. Breville Group        Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns
                        Limited shares are quoted on the Australian Securities     from its involvement with the entity and has the ability
                        Exchange.                                                  to affect those returns through its power to direct
                                                                                   the activities of the entity. The existence and effect of
                        This financial report covers the consolidated entity       potential voting rights that are currently exercisable or
                        comprising Breville Group Limited and its subsidiaries     convertible are considered when assessing whether the
                        (Company or Group).                                        Group controls another entity.
                        A description of the Group’s operations and of its         The financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared for
                        principal activities is included in the operating and      the same reporting period, using consistent accounting
                        financial review in the directors’ report on pages 19 to   policies. In preparing the consolidated financial
                        40. The directors’ report is unaudited (except for the     statements, all inter-Group balances and transactions,
                        remuneration report) and does not form part of the         income and expenses and profit and loss resulting from
                        financial report.                                          intra-Group transactions have been eliminated in full.
                                                                                   Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on
                        (a) Basis of preparation                                   which control is obtained by the Group and cease
                        The financial report is a general-purpose financial        to be consolidated from the date on which control is
                        report, which has been prepared in accordance with         transferred out of the Group.
                        the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and          The acquisition of subsidiaries is accounted for using
                        Australian Accounting Standards.                           the purchase method of accounting. The purchase
                        The financial report has also been prepared on a           method of accounting involves allocating the cost of
                        historical cost basis, except for derivative financial     the business combination to the fair value of assets
                        instruments and non-current other payables, which          acquired and the liabilities and contingent liabilities
                        have been measured at fair value.                          assumed at the date of acquisition.

                        The financial report is presented in Australian dollars
                        and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand
                        dollars ($’000) unless otherwise stated under the option
                        available to the company under ASIC Corporations
                        (Rounding in Financial/Directors Reports) Instrument
                        2016/191. The Company is an entity to which the class
                        order applies.
                        Where necessary, comparatives have been reclassified
                        and repositioned for consistency with current year
                        disclosures.

                        (b) Compliance with IFRS
                        The financial report complies with Australian Accounting
                        Standards as issued by the Australian Accounting
                        Standards Board and International Financial Reporting
                        Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International
                        Accounting Standards Board.




           76           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 1. Summary of significant                                 Warranty and faulty goods
                        accounting policies continued                                  Provision for warranty and faulty goods is recognised at




For personal use only
                                                                                       the date of sale of the relevant products, at the Group’s
                        (d) Significant accounting judgements,                         best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the
                        estimates and assumptions                                      Group’s liability. Factors that could impact the estimated
                                                                                       claim information include the success of the Group’s
                        The carrying amounts of certain assets and liabilities are     quality initiatives, as well as parts and labour costs. The
                        often determined based on estimates and assumptions            related carrying amounts are disclosed in note 6.
                        of future events. The key estimates and assumptions
                        that have a significant risk of causing a material             Allowance for uncollectible receivables
                        adjustment to the carrying amounts of certain assets
                                                                                       Estimation is required to assess the risk of probability
                        and liabilities within the next annual reporting period are:
                                                                                       weighted outcomes in determining an adequate level of
                        Impairment of goodwill & intangibles with                      provisions for uncollectible receivables. As required by
                        indefinite useful lives                                        accounting standards the Group considers past, current
                                                                                       and future economic conditions. The Group uses a
                        The Group determines whether goodwill and intangibles          matrix based approach and groups its customers into
                        with indefinite useful lives are impaired at least on          different risk portfolios when measuring its expected
                        an annual basis. This requires an estimation of the            credit losses.
                        recoverable amount of the cash generating units to
                        which the goodwill and intangibles with indefinite
                        useful lives are allocated. The assumptions used in
                                                                                       (e) Notes to the financial statements
                        this estimation of recoverable amount and the carrying         Notes relating to individual line items in the financial
                        amount of goodwill and intangibles with indefinite useful      statements include accounting policy information where
                        lives are discussed in note 11.                                it is considered relevant to an understanding of these
                                                                                       items. Details of the impact of new accounting policies
                        Share-based payment transactions                               and all other accounting policy information are disclosed
                        The Group measures the cost of equity-settled                  in note 24 of the financial report.
                        transactions with employees by reference to the fair
                        value of the equity instruments at the date at which
                        they are granted. The fair value is determined by an
                        external valuer using a risk neutral methodology for non-
                        market measures, the Monte-Carlo or Black-Scholes
                        option pricing model for market measures, using the
                        assumptions detailed in note 19.

                        Taxes
                        Uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation
                        of complex tax regulations, changes in tax laws, and
                        the amount and timing of future taxable income. Given
                        the wide range of international business relationships
                        and the long-term nature and complexity of existing
                        contractual agreements, differences arising between
                        the actual results and the assumptions made, or future
                        changes to such assumptions, could necessitate
                        future adjustments to tax income and expense already
                        recorded.
                        The Group establishes provisions, based on reasonable
                        estimates, for possible consequences of audits by the
                        tax authorities of the respective countries in which it
                        operates. The amount of such provisions is based on
                        various factors, such as experience of previous tax
                        audits and differing interpretations of tax regulations
                        by the taxable entity and the responsible tax authority.
                        Such differences of interpretation may arise on a wide
                        variety of issues depending on the conditions prevailing
                        in the respective Group Company’s domicile. As the
                        Company assesses the probability for litigation and
                        subsequent cash outflow with respect to taxes as
                        remote, no contingent liability has been recognised.




                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   77
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 2. Operating segments
                        Operating segments




For personal use only
                        The Group has identified its operating segments in line with AASB 8 Operating Segments based on the internal
                        reports that are reviewed by the chief operating decision makers (group chief executive officer and Board of directors)
                        in assessing performance and in determining the allocation of resources.
                        The Group’s external reporting segments are ‘Global Product’ and ‘Distribution’.
                        ‘Global Product’ sells premium products designed and developed by Breville, which are sold globally. Products may
                        be sold directly or through 3rd parties, and may be branded Breville®, Sage®, Baratza® or carry a 3rd party brand.
                        ‘Distribution’ sells products that are designed and developed by a 3rd party. Breville distributes these products
                        pursuant to a license or distribution agreement, or they are sourced directly from manufacturers. Products in
                        this business unit may be sold under a brand owned by the Group (e.g. Breville®, Kambrook®), or they may be
                        distributed under a 3rd party brand.

                        (a) Segment results
                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                30 June 2022                          30 June 2021
                        Consolidated 2022                             Global      Distribu-                  Global      Distribu-
                                                                     Product           tion        Total    Product           tion       Total
                                                                       $’000         $’000        $’000       $’000         $’000       $’000
                        Segment revenue                             1,178,560      239,877     1,418,437    984,159      203,500     1,187,659

                        Cost of sales                                (749,800)     (182,700)   (932,500)    (621,334)    (152,657)    (773,991)
                        Gross Profit                                 428,760         57,177     485,937     362,825       50,843      413,668

                        GM%                                            36.4%         23.8%        34.3%       36.9%          25.0%      34.8%
                        EBIT                                                                    156,361                               136,430
                        Finance income                                                              317                                     130
                        Finance costs                                                             (8,844)                               (9,157)
                        Profit before income tax                                                 147,834                              127,403

                        (b) Segment revenue
                                                                                                                    Consolidated
                                                                                                            30 June 2022         30 June 2021
                                                                                                                   $’000                $’000
                        Global Product
                        Americas                                                                                  605,012             492,951
                        EMEA                                                                                      295,160             257,029
                        APAC                                                                                      278,388             234,179
                        Total Global Product revenue                                                             1,178,560            984,159

                        Distribution
                        Revenue generated from USA, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.




           78           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 3. Revenue and expenses
                                                                                                        Consolidated




For personal use only
                                                                                               30 June 2022           30 June 2021
                                                                                                      $’000                  $’000

                        (a) Revenue
                        Sale of goods                                                               1,418,437             1,187,659
                        Total revenue                                                               1,418,437             1,187,659

                        (b) Cost of sales
                        Costs of inventories recognised as an expense                                 819,883               684,399
                        Costs of delivering goods to customers                                         64,238                47,632
                        Warranty expense                                                               48,379                41,960
                        Total cost of sales                                                           932,500               773,991

                        (c) Depreciation and amortisation expense
                        Depreciation – right-of-use assets                                               7,876                 6,086
                        Depreciation – plant and equipment                                               4,506                 4,619
                        Depreciation – production tools                                                  5,320                 5,262
                        Amortisation – computer software                                                   259                   182
                        Amortisation – development costs                                               12,323                10,541
                        Amortisation – customer relationships                                              180                   178
                        Total depreciation and amortisation expense                                    30,464                26,868

                        (d) Other expenses
                        Net foreign exchange (gain)/loss                                                   185                 2,922
                        Other product related costs                                                      7,747                 8,380
                        Information technology costs                                                   19,702                21,367
                        Professional and administration costs (including insurance and M&A
                        diligence costs)                                                               14,653                  9,041
                        Other                                                                          13,030                12,339
                        Total other expenses                                                           55,317                54,049

                        (e) Employee benefits expenses
                        Wages & salaries, leave and other employee related benefits                   127,609                94,342
                        Short term incentives                                                          15,120                11,062
                        Defined contribution plan expense                                                7,494                 6,141
                        Share-based payments expense                                                     8,307                 6,288
                        Total employee benefits expenses                                              158,530               117,833




                                                                                             Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   79
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 3. Revenue and expenses continued

                        (f) Finance costs/income




For personal use only
                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                              30 June 2022         30 June 2021
                                                                                                                     $’000                $’000
                        Finance costs paid or payable on borrowings and bank overdrafts:
                        Interest and borrowing costs                                                                   6,255                6,898
                        Interest on other payables – non current (deferred consideration)                              1,010                1,045
                        Interest on lease liabilities                                                                  1,579                1,214
                        Finance costs                                                                                  8,844                9,157
                        Finance income                                                                                  (317)                (130)
                        Total net finance costs                                                                        8,527                9,027

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Sale of goods
                        Revenue from Contracts with Customers is recognised at a point in time when the performance obligation of
                        transferring goods to the buyer has been satisfied and the transaction price can be measured. Goods are considered
                        transferred to the buyer when the buyer obtains control of those goods, which is at the earlier of delivery of the
                        goods or the transfer of legal title to the buyer. Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or
                        receivable, net of returns, allowances, trade discounts and volume rebates.

                        Employee Expenses
                        Employee benefit expenses increased by $40,697,000 to $158,530,000 from pcp $117,833,000 due to the wages
                        and salaries associated with headcount increases, mainly in the customer services, supply chain, technology services
                        and R&D teams in FY22. Some remuneration package changes to increase retention were also implemented during
                        the year.
                        Under the performance rights plan (LTI) and fixed deferred remuneration rights plan participants are issued with rights
                        over the ordinary shares of Breville Group Limited issued in accordance with the Breville Group Limited Share Plan.
                        See pages 47 - 53 for details of the two plans.

                        Premises & Utilities expenses
                        Premises & utilities expenses include variable third party warehouse costs, overflow storage locations, utiliities, repairs
                        and maintenance costs.

                        Other Expenses
                        Other expenses increased by $1,268,000 to $55,317,000 from pcp $54,049,000 largely due to professional fees
                        associated with the LELIT acquisition.

                        Finance costs/income
                        Borrowing costs are recognised as an expense when incurred. Revenue is recognised as interest accrues using the
                        effective interest method. This is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset and allocating the
                        interest income over the relevant period using the effective interest, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated
                        future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.




           80           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 4. Income tax
                                                                                                                  Consolidated




For personal use only
                                                                                                         30 June 2022           30 June 2021
                                                                                                                $’000                  $’000

                        The major components of income tax expense are:

                        Income statement
                        Current income tax
                        Current income tax charge                                                                40,532                 42,118
                        Adjustments in respect of current income tax of previous years                             3,844                (1,888)
                        Deferred income tax
                        Relating to the origination and reversal of temporary differences                          2,443                (3,795)
                        Adjustments in respect of deferred income tax of previous years                           (4,702)                     -
                        Total income tax expense reported in the income statement                                42,117                 36,435

                        Deferred income tax related to items charged or credited directly
                        to other comprehensive income
                        Employee equity benefits reserve                                                           1,070                (4,517)
                        Net (loss)/gain on revaluation of cash flow hedges                                         6,580                   147
                        Income tax (benefit)/expense reported in other comprehensive
                        income                                                                                     7,650                (4,370)

                        A reconciliation between tax expense and the product of accounting profit before income tax multiplied by the
                        parent entity’s applicable income tax rate is as follows:

                                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                                         30 June 2022           30 June 2021
                                                                                                                $’000                  $’000

                        Profit before income tax                                                                147,834               127,403
                        Tax at the Australian tax rate of 30.0% (2021 - 30.0%)                                   44,350                 38,221
                        Adjustments in respect of current income tax of previous years                              (858)               (1,888)
                        Effect of different rates of tax on overseas income                                         (612)                 (798)
                        Expenditure not allowable for income tax purposes                                          1,987                 1,138
                        Share Based Payments                                                                      (2,499)               (1,392)
                        Other                                                                                       (251)                1,154

                        Income tax expense reported in the income statement                                      42,117                 36,435




                                                                                                       Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   81
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 4. Income tax continued
                        Deferred income tax at 30 June relates to the following:




For personal use only
                                                                                   Consolidated                          Consolidated
                                                                         Statement of financial position              Income statement
                                                                           30 June 2022       30 June 2021      30 June 2022        30 June 2021
                                                                                  $’000              $’000             $’000               $’000

                        Deferred income tax
                        Deferred income tax at 30 June relates to
                        the following:

                        Deferred tax liabilities
                        Brand names                                                 1,875              1,875                  -                  -
                        Development costs and production tools                    22,068             15,829              (6,239)            (2,544)
                        Other intangibles                                           3,833              1,869             (1,964)            (1,109)
                        Cash flow hedge reserve                                     7,028                515                  -                  -
                        Accelerated depreciation for tax purposes                     320                430               (259)                75
                        Gross deferred income tax liabilities                     35,124             20,518

                        Deferred tax assets
                        Losses available for offset against future
                        taxable income                                              1,630                 55             1,575                (138)
                        Provisions and accruals                                   24,544             14,358             10,186              1,248
                        Other long term payables                                         -                  -                 -               (743)
                        Employee benefits                                           8,756              5,902             2,854              3,496
                        Revaluation of inventories                                    110              1,119            (1,009)               342
                        Employee equity benefits reserve                            5,225              7,583             (2,358)              641
                        Net leasing liability                                       1,520              1,649               (129)              323
                        Other                                                       6,918              7,217               (398)            2,204
                        Gross deferred income tax assets                          48,703             37,883
                        Net deferred income tax assets                            13,579             17,365
                        Deferred tax expense                                                                             2,259               3,795


                                                                                                                         Consolidated

                                                                                                                30 June 2022        30 June 2021
                                                                                                                       $’000               $’000

                        Current income tax
                        Current tax receivables                                                                          2,464              4,927
                        Current tax liabilities                                                                          8,849             11,861

                        At 30 June 2022, there is no recognised or unrecognised deferred income tax liability (2021: $nil) for taxes that would
                        be payable on the unremitted earnings of certain of the Group’s subsidiaries, as the Group has no current intention of
                        distributing existing retained earnings in jurisdictions where liability for additional taxation exists should such amounts
                        be remitted.




           82           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 4. Income tax continued
                        Recognition and measurement




For personal use only
                        Current tax
                        Current tax assets and liabilities for the current and prior periods are measured at the amounts expected to be
                        recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those
                        that are enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date.

                        Deferred tax
                        Deferred income tax is provided on all temporary differences between the tax bases of assets/liabilities and their
                        carrying amounts at balance sheet date for financial reporting purposes.
                        Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences except:
                        •   when the deferred income tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in
                            a transaction that is not a business combination and that, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
                            accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; or
                        •   when the taxable temporary difference is associated with investments in subsidiaries and the timing of the
                            reversal of the temporary difference can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary difference will not
                            reverse in the foreseeable future.
                        Deferred income tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry-forward of unused tax
                        assets and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the
                        deductible temporary differences and the carry-forward of unused tax assets and unused tax losses can be utilised,
                        except:
                        •   when the deferred income tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial
                            recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the
                            transaction, affects neither the accounting nor taxable profit or loss; or
                        •   when the deductible temporary difference is associated with investments in subsidiaries in which case a deferred
                            tax asset is only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary difference will reverse in the
                            foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.
                        The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at each balance sheet date and reduced to the extent
                        that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred income tax
                        asset to be utilised.
                        Unrecognised deferred income tax assets are reassessed at each balance sheet date and are recognised to the
                        extent that it has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
                        Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year
                        when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
                        substantively enacted at the balance sheet date.
                        Income taxes in relation to items recognised directly in equity are recognised in equity and not in the income
                        statement.
                        Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset only if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax
                        assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to the same taxable entity and the
                        same taxation authority.

                        Tax consolidation legislation
                        Breville Group Limited and its wholly-owned Australian resident controlled entities (excluding the Breville Group
                        Employee Share Trust) have implemented the tax consolidated legislation as of 1 July 2003.
                        Breville Group Limited is the head entity of the tax consolidated Group. For further information, refer to note 18.




                                                                                                              Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   83
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 5. Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                                                  Consolidated




For personal use only
                                                                                                          30 June 2022         30 June 2021
                                                                                                                 $’000                $’000

                        Cash at bank and on hand                                                                168,256             129,907

                        Notes:
                        - Cash at bank earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.
                        - At 30 June 2022, the Group had available $189,956,000 (2021: $269,141,000) of undrawn committed
                          borrowing and overdraft facilities in respect of which all conditions precedent had been met (see note 15).
                        - The fair value of cash and cash equivalents is $168,256,000 (2021: $129,907,000).

                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                               168,256             129,907
                        Borrowings                                                                             (172,349)                      -
                        Net cash                                                                                  (4,093)           129,907


                        (a) Reconciliation of net profit after tax for the year to net cash flows from operating
                        activities
                        Profit for the year                                                                     105,717                 90,968
                        Adjustments for:
                        Depreciation and amortisation                                                            30,401                 26,868
                        Share-based payments                                                                       8,307                 4,938
                        Foreign exchange losses/(gains)                                                              248                 3,392
                        Other                                                                                         18                    (63)
                        Changes in assets and liabilities:
                        Decrease/(increase) in:
                           Trade receivables, prepayments and other receivables                                  (44,872)               36,771
                           Inventories                                                                         (222,380)                (62,935)
                           Other current assets                                                                      468                 (2,140)
                           Loan to supplier                                                                       (8,988)                (2,692)
                           Non-current assets                                                                     (5,709)                (3,250)
                        (Decrease)/increase in:
                           Current liabilities                                                                    97,855                38,129
                           Non-current liabilities                                                                (3,218)                (5,719)
                        Net cash (used in)/from operating activities                                             (42,153)           124,267




           84           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 5. Cash and cash equivalents continued
                        (b) Net debt reconciliation




For personal use only
                        Consolidated                                                  Cash $’000 Borrowings $’000                 Total $’000

                        Net debt as at 1 July 2020                                        128,457                       -             128,457
                        Cash flows                                                          5,716                 (1,355)                4,361
                        Foreign exchange adjustments                                        (4,266)                1,355                (2,911)
                        Net debt/(cash) as at 30 June 2021                                129,907                       -             129,907

                        Cash flows                                                         36,727              (168,921)             (132,195)
                        Foreign exchange adjustments                                        1,622                 (3,428)               (1,805)
                        Net debt/(cash) as at 30 June 2022                                168,256              (172,349)                (4,093)


                        (c) Disclosure of financing facilities
                        Refer to note 15.

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Cash and cash equivalents in the balance sheet comprise cash at bank and on hand and short-term deposits with an
                        original maturity of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject
                        to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
                        For the purposes of the consolidated cash flow statement, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash
                        equivalents as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts.


                        Note 6. Receivables, payables and provisions
                        Trade and other receivables

                                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                                         30 June 2022           30 June 2021
                                                                                                                $’000                  $’000

                        Current assets
                        Trade receivables from contracts with customers                                         182,166               123,922
                        Allowance for uncollectible receivables                                                  (11,563)              (15,111)
                        Trade receivables, net                                                                  170,603               108,811

                        Prepayments                                                                               17,536                 6,396
                        Other receivables                                                                          6,063                 4,128
                        Total current trade receivables, prepayments and other receivables                      194,202               119,335

                        Notes:
                        (a) Trade receivables are non-interest bearing and are generally on 30-60 day terms. During the period $3,652,000
                            of allowance for uncollectible receivables was utilised, of which the write off mostly relates to debts from a
                            European distributor that has been in liquidation since 2020 and was settled in FY22. The remaining provision
                            was reduced by ($369,000) (2021 increased by $1,517,000) and recognised by the Group as an (income)/
                            expense in ‘other expenses’ for the current year.
                           Prepayments has increased over the period due to advance payments to suppliers for inventory.




                                                                                                       Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   85
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 6. Receivables, payables and provisions continued
                        Trade and other receivables continued




For personal use only
                                                                                                              30 June 2022
                                                                                                                     $’000
                        Carrying amount at the beginning of the year:                                                  15,111
                        Provision                                                                                        (369)
                        Write offs                                                                                     (3,652)
                        Net exchange differences                                                                          473
                        Carrying amount at the end of the year:                                                       11,563

                        At 30 June 2022 an ageing analysis of those trade receivables (net of allowance for uncollected receivables) are as
                        follows:
                                                                                                                  Consolidated
                                                                                                              30 June 2022          30 June 2021
                                                                                                                     $’000                 $’000
                        Current                                                                                      163,960             105,705
                        31 – 60 days overdue                                                                            3,001              1,804
                        61+ days overdue                                                                                3,642              1,302
                        Trade receivables, net                                                                       170,603             108,811

                        Trade receivables (net) past due, but not impaired, amount to $6,643,000 (2021: $3,106,000). In all instances each
                        operating unit has been in contact with the relevant debtor and is satisfied that payment will be received in full or has
                        been provided for. Debtor days have remained steady at 61 days (FY21: 59 days).

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Trade receivables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost. Bad debts
                        are written off when incurred. An allowance for uncollectible, or doubtful, receivables is calculated on a probability
                        weighted measure of expected credit losses using historic, present and future economic conditions. The carrying
                        value and estimated net fair values of the trade and other receivables is assumed to approximate their fair value,
                        being the amount at which the asset could be exchanged between willing parties.
                        Details regarding the effective interest rate and credit risk of current receivables are disclosed in note 16.


                        Trade and other payables
                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                              30 June 2022          30 June 2021
                                                                                                                     $’000                 $’000

                        Current
                        Trade and other payables – unsecured                                                         292,272             175,796
                        Total current trade and other payables                                                       292,272             175,796

                        Non current
                        Other payables (a)                                                                             9,770              12,194
                                                                                                                       9,770              12,194

                        Notes:
                        (a) Relates to earn-outs in relation to the acquisition of ChefSteps which is measured at fair value.




           86           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 6. Receivables, payables and provisions continued
                        Recognition and measurement




For personal use only
                        Current trade and other payables are carried at amortised cost. Trade payables represent liabilities for goods and
                        services provided to the Group prior to the end of the year, including customer rebates, that are unpaid and arise
                        when the Group becomes obliged to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and services.
                        The amounts are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are usually settled on 30 day terms. The carrying value and
                        estimated net fair values of the trade and other payables is assumed to approximate their fair value, being the amount
                        at which the liability could be settled in a current transaction between willing parties. Details regarding interest rate,
                        foreign exchange and liquidity risk exposure are disclosed in note 15.

                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                             30 June 2022           30 June 2021
                                                                                                                    $’000                  $’000

                        Provisions

                        Current
                        Warranty and faulty goods                                                                   16,116                13,645
                        Employee benefits – annual leave                                                              9,935                6,919
                        Employee benefits – long service leave                                                        3,378                2,972
                        Other provisions                                                                                 53                    56
                        Total current provisions                                                                    29,482                23,592

                        Non-current
                        Employee benefits – long service leave                                                        1,763                1,309
                        Total non-current provisions                                                                  1,763                1,309



                        (a) Movement in provisions

                                                                                      Employee        Employee
                                                                      Warranty        benefits -      benefits -
                        Consolidated                                 and faulty         annual             long          Other
                                                                        goods            leave          service      Provisions              Total
                                                                         $’000           $’000            $’000           $’000             $’000
                        Carrying amount at the beginning of the year:
                        Current                                          13,645           6,919           2,972               56          23,592
                        Non-current                                            -               -          1,309                 -           1,309
                        Total                                            13,645           6,919           4,281               56          24,901

                        Movement in provisions during the year:
                        Amounts utilised during the year                (48,128)          (3,344)           (124)               -         (51,596)
                        Additional provisions made in the year           50,065           6,248             975                 -         57,288
                        Net exchange differences                             534             112                9             (3)             652
                        Net movement                                      2,471           3,016             860               (3)           6,344

                        Carrying amount at the end of the year:
                        Current                                          16,116           9,935           3,378               53          29,482
                        Non-current                                            -               -           1,763                -           1,763
                        Total                                            16,116           9,935            5,141              53          31,245




                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   87
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 6. Receivables, payables and provisions continued
                        Provisions continued




For personal use only
                        (a) Movement in provisions continued
                        Recognition and measurement
                        Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of a past event, it
                        is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a
                        reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
                        Where the Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, for example under an insurance contract, the
                        reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain. The expense
                        relating to any provision is presented in the income statement net of any reimbursement.
                        Provisions are measured as the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle
                        the present obligation at the balance sheet date. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are
                        discounted using a current pre-tax rate that reflects the risks specific to the liability. Where discounting is used, the
                        increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.

                        Warranties and faulty goods
                        Provisions for warranty and faulty goods are recognised at the date of sale of the relevant products. A provision
                        for warranty and faulty goods represents the present value of the best estimate of the future sacrifice of economic
                        benefits expected that will be required for warranty and faulty goods claims on products sold. This estimate is based
                        on the historical trends experienced on the level of repairs and returns. Assumptions used to calculate the provision
                        for warranty and faulty goods were based on the level of warranty and faulty goods claims experienced during the
                        last year. During the COVID pandemic related lock downs in various markets, the ability of consumers to make
                        returns has been somewhat constrained. Returns have normalised as reflected in amounts utilised.

                        Employee benefits - annual leave
                        Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, annual leave and accumulating sick leave
                        expected to be settled within 12 months of the reporting date are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to
                        the reporting date. They are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. Liabilities
                        for non-accumulating sick leave are recognised when the leave is taken and are measured at the rates paid or
                        payable.
                        Contributions to the defined contribution fund are recognised as an expense as they become payable.

                        Employee benefits – long service
                        The provision for employee benefits represents the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect
                        of services provided by employees up to the reporting date. Consideration is given to the expected future wage and
                        salary levels, experience of employee departures and periods of service. Expected future payments are discounted
                        using appropriate market yields at the reporting date to estimate the future cash outflows.


                        Note 7. Inventories
                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                               30 June 2022          30 June 2021
                                                                                                                      $’000                 $’000

                        Finished goods                                                                               338,263              142,102
                        Stock in transit                                                                             107,621                74,568
                        Total inventories                                                                            445,884              216,670

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of inventories comprises all costs of
                        purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and
                        condition. This includes the transfer from equity of gains and losses on cash flow hedges of purchases of finished
                        goods. Costs are assigned to individual items of inventory on a weighted average cost basis.
                        Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs necessary
                        to make the sale.




           88           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 8. Property, plant and equipment
                                                                    Plant and     Production




For personal use only
                        Consolidated 2022                          equipment           Tools            Total
                                                                        $’000          $’000           $’000

                        At the beginning of the year
                        Cost or fair value                            35,230          44,761          79,991
                        Accumulated depreciation                      (25,923)        (27,272)       (53,195)
                        Net carrying amount                             9,307          17,489         26,796

                        Reconciliation of the carrying amount:
                        Carrying amount at the beginning of year        9,307          17,489         26,796
                        Additions                                       4,640         11,910          16,550
                        Disposals                                         (79)            (65)           (144)
                        Depreciation charge                            (4,506)         (5,320)         (9,826)
                        Net exchange difference                            78              23             101
                        Carrying amount at the end of year              9,440         24,037          33,477

                        At the end of the year
                        Cost or fair value                            40,450          56,607           97,057
                        Accumulated depreciation and impairment       (31,010)       (32,570)        (63,580)
                        Net carrying amount                             9,440         24,037          33,477


                                                                    Plant and     Production
                        Consolidated 2021                          equipment           Tools            Total
                                                                        $’000          $’000           $’000

                        At the beginning of the year
                        Cost or fair value                            33,419          38,903          72,322
                        Accumulated depreciation                      (21,918)        (22,029)        (43,947)
                        Net carrying amount                           11,501          16,874          28,375

                        Reconciliation of the carrying amount:
                        Carrying amount at the beginning of year      11,501          16,874          28,375
                        Additions                                       2,667           5,877           8,544
                        Disposals                                          (44)              -            (44)
                        Depreciation charge                            (4,619)         (5,262)         (9,881)
                        Net exchange difference                          (198)               -           (198)
                        Carrying amount at the end of year              9,307         17,489          26,796

                        At the end of the year
                        Cost or fair value                            35,230          44,761          79,991
                        Accumulated depreciation and impairment       (25,923)        (27,272)        (53,195)
                        Net carrying amount                             9,307         17,489          26,796




                                                                      Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   89
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 8. Property, plant and equipment continued
                        A summary of the policies applied to the Group’s intangible assets is as follows:




For personal use only
                        (a) Property and equipment
                        Internally generated /      Acquired
                        Acquired
                        Recognition                 Plant and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any
                                                    accumulated impairment losses. The assets’ residual values, useful lives and depreciation
                                                    methods are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each year end. An item of plant and
                                                    equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no further future economic benefits are
                                                    expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset
                                                    (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount
                                                    of the asset at the time of derecognition) is included in the income statement in the year in
                                                    which they arise.
                        Useful lives                Finite
                        Depreciation method         Depreciation on plant and equipment is calculated on a straight line basis over the
                                                    estimated useful life of between 2 and 10 years.
                        Impairment test             When an indication of impairment exists, an impairment loss is recognised to the extent
                                                    that the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount. The amortisation method
                                                    is reviewed at each year end.
                        (b) Production tools
                        Internally generated /      Acquired
                        Acquired
                        Recognition                 Production tools are manufacturing components including moulds, dies, jigs, gauges,
                                                    cutting equipment and patterns that are used in conjunction with manufacturing
                                                    equipment. The tools are specified, purchased and owned by Breville, although they are
                                                    deployed in our manufacturing partners’ plants. Production tools is stated at cost less
                                                    accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. The assets’ residual
                                                    values, useful lives and depreciation methods are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate,
                                                    at each year end. An item of production tooling is derecognised upon disposal or when
                                                    no further future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or
                                                    loss arising on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net
                                                    disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset at the time of derecognition) is
                                                    included in the income statement in the year in which they arise.
                        Useful lives                Finite
                        Depreciation method         Depreciation on production tools is calculated on a straight line basis over the estimated
                                                    useful life of 5 years.
                        Impairment test             When an indication of impairment exists, an impairment loss is recognised to the extent
                                                    that the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount. The amortisation method
                                                    is reviewed at each year end.




           90           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 9. Non-current assets - intangible assets
                                                                                                         Consolidated




For personal use only
                                                                                                30 June 2022            30 June 2021
                                                                                                       $’000                   $’000
                        Development costs                                                               54,573                40,380
                        Computer software                                                                   1,671               1,425
                        Customer relationships                                                               401                  581
                        Goodwill & Brand Names                                                         184,402               175,056
                        Total intangible assets (net carrying amount)                                  241,047               217,442



                                                                        Develop-          Customer
                                                                           ment Computer   relation-
                        Consolidated 2022                                  costs software     ships           Goodwill          Total
                                                                           $’000    $’000     $’000             $’000          $’000

                        At the beginning of the year
                        At cost (gross carrying amount)                  122,140     1,771         1,835       175,056       300,802
                        Accumulated amortisation and impairment          (81,760)     (346)       (1,254)               -    (83,360)
                        Net carrying amount                               40,380     1,425           581       175,056       217,442

                        Reconciliation of the carrying amount:
                        Carrying amount at the beginning of year          40,380     1,425           581       175,056       217,442
                        Additions                                         25,637      505               -               -     26,142
                        Amortisation                                     (12,323)     (259)         (180)               -    (12,762)
                        Net exchange difference                              879         -              -           9,346      10,225
                        Carrying amount at the end of year                54,573     1,671           401       184,402       241,047

                        At the end of the year
                        At cost (gross carrying amount)                  148,850     2,244         1,835       184,402       337,331
                        Accumulated amortisation and impairment          (94,277)     (573)       (1,434)               -    (96,284)
                        Net carrying amount                               54,573     1,671           401       184,402       241,047




                                                                                              Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   91
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 9. Non-current assets - intangible assets continued




For personal use only
                                                                                Develop-          Customer               Goodwill
                                                                                   ment Computer   relation-             & Brand
                        Consolidated 2021                                          costs software     ships               Names            Total
                                                                                   $’000    $’000     $’000                $’000          $’000

                        At the beginning of the year
                        At cost (gross carrying amount)                          100,680            981        1,835       98,193       201,689
                        Accumulated amortisation and impairment                   (71,266)         (169)       (1,076)            -      (72,511)
                        Net carrying amount                                        29,414           812          759       98,193       129,178

                        Reconciliation of the carrying amount:
                        Carrying amount at the beginning of year                   29,414           812          759       98,193       129,178
                        Additions                                                  21,797           795             -          656       23,248
                        Additions from acquisition of Baratza (i)                        -             -            -      81,557        81,557
                        Amortisation                                              (10,541)         (182)         (178)            -      (10,901)
                        Net exchange difference                                      (290)             -            -       (5,350)       (5,640)
                        Carrying amount at the end of year                         40,380         1,425          581      175,056       217,442

                        At the end of the year
                        At cost (gross carrying amount)                          122,140          1,771        1,835      175,056       300,802
                        Accumulated amortisation and impairment                   (81,760)         (346)       (1,254)            -      (83,360)
                        Net carrying amount                                        40,380         1,425          581      175,056       217,442

                        Notes:
                        (i) Acquisition of Baratza - Goodwill of $81,557,000 was recognised arising from the acquisition of Baratza,
                            LLC, a US-based business on 1 October 2020, for a total consideration of $84,176,000. $60,636,000 of the
                            consideration was paid in cash (net of cash acquired in the business) and $23,540,000 by the issue of 884,956
                            fully paid ordinary shares in Breville priced at the 20-day VWAP of Breville shares traded on the ASX prior to 1
                            October 2020 at a value of $26.60 per share. The cash portion was funded from existing cash reserves. The
                            shares are subject to a trading lock. The acquisition has been included within the Global Product segment.

                        A summary of the policies applied to the Group’s Property and Equipment assets is as follows:

                        (a) Development costs
                        Internally generated /      Internally generated and acquired products and product platforms
                        Acquired
                        Recognition                 Capitalised at cost and recognised only after the Group can demonstrate the technical
                                                    feasibility and commercial viability of the intangible asset so that it will be available for
                                                    use or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the
                                                    asset will generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete
                                                    the development and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to
                                                    the intangible asset during its development. Following the initial recognition of the
                                                    development expenditure, the cost model is applied requiring the asset to be carried at
                                                    cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Research
                                                    costs are expensed as incurred.
                        Useful lives                Finite
                        Amortisation method         Amortised straight-line over the period of expected future sales, no more than 3-5 years,
                                                    from the related launch date on a straight-line basis.
                        Impairment test             Annually and more frequently when an indication of impairment exists. An impairment loss
                                                    is recognised to the extent that the recoverable amount is lower than the carrying amount.
                                                    The amortisation method is reviewed at each year end.




           92           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 9. Non-current assets - intangible assets continued




For personal use only
                        (b) Computer software
                        Internally generated /     Internally generated and acquired software
                        Acquired
                        Recognition                Capitalised at cost
                        Useful lives               Finite
                        Amortisation method        Amortised over the useful life, not exceeding 7 years, on a straight line basis.
                        Impairment test            When an indication of impairment exists. The amortisation method is reviewed at each
                                                   year end.
                        (c) Customer relationships
                        Internally generated /     Acquired customer relationships
                        Acquired
                        Recognition                Capitalised at cost or if acquired as part of a business combination at fair value at the
                                                   date of acquisition
                        Useful lives               Finite
                        Amortisation method        Amortised over the useful life, not exceeding 10 years, on a straight line basis.
                        Impairment test            Annually and more frequently when an indication of impairment exists. The amortisation
                                                   method is reviewed at each year end.
                        (d) Goodwill and brand names
                        Internally generated /     Acquired goodwill and brand names
                        Acquired
                        Recognition                Initially capitalised at cost, being the excess of the cost of the business combination over
                                                   the Group’s interest in the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and
                                                   contingent liabilities. Capitalised at cost or if acquired as part of a business combination
                                                   at fair value at the date of acquisition. Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at
                                                   cost less any accumulated impairment losses.
                        Useful lives               Indefinite
                        Amortisation method        No amortisation
                        Impairment test            Annually and more frequently when an indication of impairment exists.

                        The amortisation expense on intangible assets with finite lives is recognised in the consolidated income statement in
                        the expense category consistent with the function of the intangible asset.
                        Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference between the net
                        disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in the consolidated income statement
                        when the asset is derecognised.




                                                                                                            Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   93
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 10. Leases
                        This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee. The Group does not act as a lessor. Breville




For personal use only
                        leases offices, vehicles and several of its warehouses. While the warehouses are operated by a third parties, in some
                        instances Breville has the right to control use and therefore accounts for these contracts as leases.

                        a) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                           30 June 2022         30 June 2021
                                                                                                 Note             $’000                $’000
                        Right-of-use assets
                        Buildings                                                                                  44,580              33,186
                        Vehicles                                                                                       76                       -
                        Total                                                                  10(a)(i)            44,656              33,186

                        Lease liabilities
                        Current                                                                                    12,172                7,210
                        Non-current                                                                                37,643              31,506
                        Total                                                                                      49,815              38,716

                        (i) Additions to the right-of-use assets during FY22 were $16,665,000 (FY21: $22,556,000).

                        b) Amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement
                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                           30 June 2022         30 June 2021
                                                                                                 Note             $’000                $’000
                        Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
                        Buildings                                                                 3(c)              7,863                6,074
                        Vehicles                                                                  3(c)                 13                    12
                        Total                                                                                       7,876                6,086

                        Other expenses
                        Interest expense on lease liabilities (included in finance costs)                           1,579                1,214

                        The total cash outflow for leases during FY22 was $9,253,000 (includes principal elements of lease payments of
                        $7,674,000 (refer consolidated statement of cash flows) plus interest expense on lease liabilities of $1,579,000).
                        (FY21: total cash outflow for leases of $8,693,000 (includes principal elements of lease payments of $7,479,000
                        (refer consolidated statement of cash flows) plus interest expense on lease liabilities of $1,214,000).
                        As at 30 June 2022, the Group’s leases do not contain any variable payment terms.

                        c) The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for
                        The Group leases various office buildings, third party warehouses and motor vehicles, with rental contracts typically
                        spanning fixed periods of 1 to 10 years, with some having options to extend.
                        Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration in the contract
                        to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices. However, for leases of real
                        estate for which the Group is a lessee, it has elected not to separate lease and non-lease components and instead
                        accounts for these as a single lease component.
                        Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The
                        lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by
                        the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




           94           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 10. Leases continued
                        Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the




For personal use only
                        net present value of the following lease payments:
                        •   fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable
                        •   variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
                            commencement date
                        •   amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees
                        •   the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and
                        •   payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising that option.
                        Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the
                        liability.
                        The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily
                        determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used,
                        being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar
                        value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.
                        To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:
                        •   where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point, adjusted to
                            reflect changes in financing conditions since third-party financing was received
                        •   uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held by Breville
                            Group Limited, which does not have recent third-party financing, and
                        •   makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.
                        Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over
                        the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each
                        period.
                        Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:
                        •   the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability
                        •   any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received
                        •   any initial direct costs, and
                        •   restoration costs.
                        Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on
                        a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is
                        depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.
                        Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases of low-value assets are
                        recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term
                        of 12 months or less without a purchase option. Low-value assets comprise IT equipment and small items of office
                        furniture.


                        Note 11. Impairment testing of goodwill and intangibles with indefinite lives
                        On a consistent basis, goodwill and brand names acquired through business combinations have been allocated to
                        these cash generating units or Groups of cash generating units for impairment testing as follows:
                        •   Global Product APAC
                        •   Global Product Americas
                        •   Global Product EMEA
                        •   Distribution
                        In all cases the recoverable amount of the individual cash generating unit has been determined based on a value in
                        use calculation using cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by the Board.
                        The pre-tax discount rates applied to cash flow projections are in the range of 9.6% to 10.9% (2021: of 9.6% to
                        11.2%), depending on the CGU. This discount rate has been determined using the weighted average cost of capital
                        which incorporates both the cost of debt and the cost of capital. Cash flows beyond the approved 30 June 2023
                        budgets are extrapolated using a 2.0% - 3.0% growth rate (2021: 2.0% - 3.0%), which is considered a reasonable
                        estimate of the long-term average growth rate for the wholesale consumer products industry.
                        Management has performed sensitivity testing by cash generating unit (CGU), based on assessing the effect of
                        changes in revenue growth rates as well as discount rates. Management consider any reasonable likely combination
                        of changes in these key assumptions would not result in the carrying value of the goodwill or brand names exceeding
                        the recoverable amount.


                                                                                                             Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   95
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 11. Impairment testing of goodwill and intangibles with indefinite lives cont.
                        Key assumptions used in value in use calculations for the cash generating units for 30 June 2022 and




For personal use only
                        30 June 2021.
                        The key assumptions on which management has based its cash flow projections when determining the value in
                        use of the cash generating units are budgeted revenue and gross margins. The basis used to determine the value
                        assigned to the budgeted revenue and gross margins are based on past performance and expectations for the future.
                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                             30 June 2022          30 June 2021
                                                                                                                    $’000                 $’000
                        Global Product APAC
                        - goodwill                                                                                   22,794               22,794
                        - brand names with indefinite useful lives                                                   13,800               13,800
                        Global Product Americas
                        - goodwill (a)                                                                              121,924              112,578
                        Distribution
                        - goodwill                                                                                    8,109                8,109
                        - brand names with indefinite useful lives                                                   17,775               17,775
                                                                                                                    184,402              175,056
                        All cash generating units
                        - goodwill                                                                                  152,827              143,481
                        - brand names with indefinite useful lives                                                   31,575               31,575
                        Total carrying amount of goodwill and brand names                                           184,402              175,056

                        (a) Goodwill in the Global Product Americas segment is subject to foreign exchange revaluation. There were no
                        acquisition or additions to Goodwill during the period and the movement represents change in foreign exchange only.

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Intangible assets – goodwill
                        The useful life of an intangible asset with an indefinite life is reviewed each reporting period to determine whether
                        indefinite life assessment continues to be supportable.
                        For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination shall, from the acquisition date,
                        be allocated to each of the Group’s cash generating units, or groups of cash generating units, that are expected
                        to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are
                        assigned to those units or groups of units. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is so allocated represents
                        the lowest level within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes.
                        Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which the goodwill
                        relates. When the recoverable amount of a cash generating unit is less than the carrying amount, an impairment
                        loss is recognised. When goodwill forms part of a cash generating unit and an operation within that unit is disposed
                        of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the operation when
                        determining the gain or loss on disposal of the operation. Goodwill disposed of in this manner is measured based on
                        the relative values of the operation disposed of and the portion of the cash generating unit retained.
                        Impairment losses recognised for goodwill are not subsequently reversed.
                        Impairment of non-financial assets other than goodwill
                        Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for
                        impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Other
                        assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
                        may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount
                        exceeds its recoverable amount.
                        Recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of
                        assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows
                        that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets (cash generating units).
                        Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered impairment are tested for possible reversal of the impairment
                        whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the impairment may have reversed.




           96           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Capital management




For personal use only
                        Note 12. Dividends
                                                                                                                Consolidated
                                                                                                       30 June 2022           30 June 2021
                                                                                                              $’000                  $’000

                        (a) Dividends on ordinary shares declared, paid or issued via
                        Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) during the year:
                        Final dividend for the year ended 30 June 2021 of 13.50 cents per
                        share, 13.50 cents (100%) franked (2021: final partially franked dividend
                        for 2020 of 20.5 cents per share, 12.3 cents (60%) franked)
                        • Paid in cash                                                                         18,814                27,567
                        • Shares issued via DRP                                                                       -                  511
                        Final dividend                                                                         18,814                28,078

                        Interim dividend for the year ending 30 June 2022 of 15.00 cents
                        per share, 15.00 cents (100%) franked (2021: interim partially franked
                        dividend for 2021 of 13.00 cents per share, 13.00 cents (100%) franked)
                        Interim fully franked dividend based on tax paid at 30.0%                              20,903                18,062
                        Interim dividend                                                                       20,903                18,062

                        Total dividends declared and paid during the year of 28.50 cents per
                        share, 28.50 cents (100%) franked (2021: Total dividends of 33.50 cents
                        per share (25.30 cents (76%) franked))                                                 39,717                46,140
                        Total dividends                                                                        39,717                46,140

                        (b) Dividends on ordinary shares proposed and not recognised as
                        a liability:
                        Final fully franked dividend for 2022 of 15.00 cents per share, 15.00
                        cents (100%) franked (2021: final partially franked dividend of 13.50
                        cents per share, 13.50 cents (100%) franked)                                           21,369                18,757

                        (c) Franking credit balance
                        The amount of franking credits in the parent available for the
                        subsequent year are:
                        Franking credits available for subsequent reporting periods based on a tax
                        rate of 30.0% (2021 - 30.0%)                                                           32,763                17,718
                        Franking (debits)/credits that will arise from the payment of income tax
                        (receivable)/payable as at the end of the year                                             586                 4,244
                        Franking debits that will be used on the payment of dividends subsequent
                        to the end of the financial year                                                        (9,158)               (8,038)
                        Total franking credit balance                                                          24,191                13,924

                        The tax rate at which dividends are franked is 30.0% (2021: 30.0%).




                                                                                                     Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   97
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 13. Earnings per share
                        The following reflects the income and share data used in the basic and diluted earnings per share computations:




For personal use only
                        Earnings used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share:

                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                             30 June 2022          30 June 2021
                                                                                                                    $’000                 $’000

                        Net profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of Breville Group Limited               105,717                90,968


                        Weighted average number of shares used as the denominator
                                                                                                             2022 Number           2021 Number

                        Weighted average number of ordinary shares for basic and diluted earnings
                        per share                                                                                  139,294              138,339

                        Weighted average number of exercised, forfeited or expired potential
                        ordinary shares included in diluted earnings per share                                     140,345              139,505

                        On the 1st July 2022 BRG completed its acquisition of LELIT the Italian-based prosumer coffee group. Consideration
                        included the issue of 3,100,205 BRG ordinary shares. The issue of shares is not included in the earnings per share
                        calculations, as they would not be expected to have a significant impact. For further details of the acquisition refer to
                        Note 23.

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Basic earnings per share is calculated as net profit attributable to members of the parent, adjusted to exclude any
                        costs of servicing equity (other than dividends), divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares.
                        Diluted earnings per share is calculated as net profit or loss attributable to members of the parent, adjusted for:
                        •   cost of servicing equity (other than dividends);
                        •   the after tax effect of dividends and interest associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares that have been
                            recognised as expenses;
                        •   other non-discretionary changes in revenue or expenses during the period that would result from the dilution of
                            potential ordinary shares; and
                        •   divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares and dilutive potential ordinary shares.


                        Note 14. Issued capital and reserves
                        Issued capital

                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                             30 June 2022          30 June 2021
                                                                                                                    $’000                 $’000
                        Ordinary shares – authorised, issued and fully paid                                        323,165              309,615
                        Ordinary shares – held by the Breville Group Employee Share Trust                                  -                      -
                        Total contributed equity                                                                   323,165              309,615

                        Ordinary shares
                        Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options
                        are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.




           98           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 14. Issued capital and reserves continued
                        Issued capital continued




For personal use only
                        Ordinary shares held by the Breville Group Employee Share Trust
                        Ordinary shares held by the Breville Group Employee Share Trust in order to fulfil its obligations under the Breville
                        Group Limited Share Plan are deducted from equity. No gain or loss is recognised in the consolidated income
                        statement on the purchase of the Group’s equity instruments by the Breville Group Employee Share Trust.
                        The ordinary shares held by the Breville Group Employee Share Trust, if any, are yet to be allocated to LTI or fixed
                        deferred remuneration participants. They will be allocated to participants once performance rights vest and they
                        are exercised. The ordinary shares held by the Breville Group Employee Share Trust, if any, have the right to receive
                        dividends as declared and, in the event of winding up the company, to participate in the proceeds from the sale of all
                        surplus assets in proportion to the number of and amounts paid up on shares held. The ordinary shares held by the
                        Breville Group Employee Share Trust, if any, entitle their holder to one vote, either in person or by proxy, at a meeting
                        of the company. Details are provided in note 17(b) and note 19.

                        (a) Movements in ordinary issued shares:
                                                                                       Consolidated                      Consolidated
                                                                                        30 June 2022                      30 June 2021
                                                                                    Number of                          Number of
                                                                                       shares            $’000            shares            $’000
                        Beginning of the year                                     138,940,804         309,615       136,544,125          246,445

                        Movements during the year
                        Ordinary shares issued during the year for
                        Performance Rights Plan (LTI) and Fixed Deferred
                        Remuneration Plan (net of transaction costs). (i)              418,740          13,550           423,167          11,659
                        Ordinary shares issued, net of transaction
                        costs and tax, as part DRP (ii)                                        -              -        1,088,556          27,971
                        Ordinary shares issued on acquisition of
                        Baratza (iii)                                                          -              -          884,956          23,540
                        End of the year                                           139,359,544         323,165       138,940,804          309,615

                        (i) During the year the group issued 418,740 fully paid ordinary shares (2021: 423,167) of Breville Group Limited
                            as a result of the vesting of performance and fixed deferred remuneration rights issued under the Breville Group
                            share plan. The average value attributable to these issued shares was $32.42 (2021: $27.55), as of the date of
                            issue.
                        (ii) In October 2020 the group issued shares at $25.79 per share as part of the fully underwritten dividend
                             reinvestment Plan (DRP).
                        (iii) In October 2020 the group issued shares at $26.60 per share as part of the consideration for the acquisition of
                              Baratza, LLC.

                        (b) Movements in ordinary shares held by the Breville Group Employee Share Trust:
                                                                                        30 June 2022                      30 June 2021
                                                                                    Number of                          Number of
                                                                                       shares            $’000            shares            $’000
                        Beginning of the year                                                  -              -                  -               -

                        Movements during the year
                        Ordinary shares transferred to participants of the
                        Breville Group Share Plan (i)                                  389,440          12,626           406,700          11,206
                        Ordinary shares subscribed to/acquired by the
                        Breville Group Employee Share Trust during the
                        year - cash (ii)                                              (389,440)        (12,626)          (406,700)        (11,206)
                        End of the year                                                        -              -                  -               -



                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   99
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 14. Issued capital and reserves continued
                        Issued capital continued




For personal use only
                        (i) During the year the Trustee of the Breville Group Employee Share Trust transferred 389,440 ordinary company
                            shares (2021: 406,700) to participants in order to fulfil its obligations under the Breville Group Limited Share Plan.
                        (ii) During the year the Trustee of the Breville Group Employee Share Trust subscribed to 389,440 ordinary shares
                             of Breville Group Limited (2021: subscribed to 406,700 shares) in order to fulfil its obligations under the Breville
                             Group Limited Share Plan. The average value placed on these subscriptions was $32.42 per share (2021:
                             average value placed on these subscriptions was $27.55 per share). Details are provided in note 17(b) and note
                             19.

                        (c) Rights over ordinary shares:
                        The Company has a share-based payment rights scheme under which rights to subscribe for the Company’s shares
                        have been granted to certain executives and other employees (refer note 18). At the end of the year there were
                        1,687,103 (2021: 1,388,145) potential unissued ordinary shares in respect of rights that were outstanding.

                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                              30 June 2022         30 June 2021
                                                                                                                     $’000                $’000

                        Reserves
                        Foreign currency translation reserve                                                           7,540              (11,821)
                        Employee equity benefits reserve                                                             (10,255)              (3,916)
                        Cash flow hedge reserve                                                                      16,560                 1,200
                        Total reserves                                                                               13,845               (14,537)

                        Nature and purpose of reserves
                        Foreign currency translation reserve - This reserve is used to record exchange differences arising from the
                        translation of the financial statements of foreign subsidiaries.
                        Employee equity benefits reserve - This reserve is used to record the value of equity benefits provided to
                        employees as part of their remuneration. Refer to note 19 for further details of these plans.
                        Cash flow hedge reserve - This reserve records the portion of the gain or loss on a hedging instrument in a cash
                        flow hedge that is determined to be an effective hedge.


                        Note 15. Borrowings
                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                              30 June 2022         30 June 2021
                                                                                                                     $’000                $’000

                        Current
                        Total current borrowings                                                                            -                       -

                        Non-current
                        Borrowings                                                                                 (172,349)                        -
                        Total non-current borrowings                                                               (172,349)                        -

                        Terms and conditions
                        The Group operates under one primary facility with Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited (ANZ) enabling
                        all jurisdictions to borrow under one global facility. The facility agreement has a number of financial covenants all of
                        which have been fully complied with as at the years ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021. Borrowings may include
                        Australian dollar, US dollar, Canadian dollar, British pounds, Euro and New Zealand dollar denominated amounts.
                        Breville Group Limited has issued corporate guarantees in favour of the local bank (HSBC) in Canada and Mexico.
                        HSBC provides the day to day US, Canadian, UK, French, Mexican and German transactional banking facilities.



          100           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 15. Borrowings continued
                        Fair value




For personal use only
                        The carrying value and estimated net fair values of the borrowings held with banks (determined under Level 2, as
                        described in note 16) approximates their fair value. Fair values of the company’s interest-bearing loans are determined
                        by using a effective interest rate method. The non-performance risk as at 30 June 2022 was assessed to be insignificant
                        (2021: insignificant). Details regarding interest rate, foreign exchange and liquidity risk are disclosed in note 16.

                                                                                                                      Consolidated
                                                                                                              30 June 2022          30 June 2021
                                                                                                                     $’000                 $’000
                        Financing facilities available
                        At reporting date, the following financial facilities have been negotiated and
                        were available to the group:
                        Facilities used at the reporting date                                                       178,933                 6,045
                        Facilities unused at the reporting date                                                     196,717               275,492
                        Total facilities                                                                            375,650               281,537
                        (a) Facilities used at the reporting date:
                        Non-current cash advance facilities – committed                                             172,349                      -
                        Non-current cash advance facilities – uncommitted                                                 -                      -
                        Overdraft facilities                                                                              -                      -
                        Business transactions facilities                                                                785                    304
                        Indemnity/guarantee facilities                                                                5,799                  5,741
                        Documentary credit facilities                                                                     -                      -
                        Facilities used as at reporting date                                                        178,933                  6,045
                        (b) Facilities unused at the reporting date:
                        Non-current cash advance facilities – committed                                             179,206               259,255
                        Overdraft facilities                                                                         10,750                 9,886
                        Business transactions facilities                                                              2,959                 3,478
                        Indemnity/guarantee facilities                                                                3,077                 2,207
                        Documentary credit facilities                                                                   725                   666
                        Facilities unused as at reporting date                                                      196,717               275,492
                        (c) Total facilities:
                        Non-current cash advance facilities – committed                                             351,555               259,255
                        Overdraft facilities                                                                         10,750                 9,886
                        Business transactions facilities                                                              3,744                 3,782
                        Indemnity/guarantee facilities                                                                8,876                 7,948
                        Documentary credit facilities                                                                   725                   666
                        Total facilities                                                                            375,650               281,537

                        Group facilities
                        At 30 June 2022, the Group had debt facilities with ANZ bank including;
                        •   $250,000,000 committed multicurrency facilities with tenures between 1.5 and 5 years
                        •   $100,000,000 one year uncommitted facility.
                        Borrowings may include Australian dollar, US dollar, Canadian dollar, British pounds, Euro and New Zealand dollar
                        denominated amounts.

                        Recognition and measurement
                        All borrowings, including cash advance facilities, are initially recognised at the fair value of the consideration received
                        less directly attributable transaction costs. After initial recognition, borrowings, including cash advance facilities, are
                        subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Gains and losses are recognised in the
                        income statement when the liabilities are derecognised.
                        Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
                        liability for at least 12 months after the balance sheet date.



                                                                                                           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   101
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 16. Financial risk management
                        The Group’s principal financial instruments, other than derivatives, comprises cash advances, bank overdrafts, cash




For personal use only
                        at bank and short-term deposits.
                        The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations. The Group has
                        various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its
                        operations. The Group also enters into derivative transactions, primarily forward exchange contracts. The purpose
                        is to manage the currency risks arising from the Group’s business operations and its sources of finance. It is the
                        Group’s policy that no speculative trading in derivatives shall be undertaken. The main risks arising from the Group’s
                        financial instruments are foreign currency risk and credit risk. The Board reviews and agrees policies for managing
                        each of these risks and they are summarised below.

                        Recognition and measurement
                        Derivative financial instruments and hedging
                        The Group may use derivative financial instruments such as forward exchange contracts to hedge its risks associated
                        with foreign currency fluctuations. Such derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date
                        on which a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured to fair value. The fair value of the
                        forward exchange contracts is estimated using market observable inputs. Derivatives are carried as assets when their
                        fair value is positive and as liabilities when their fair value is negative.
                        Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of derivatives, except for those that qualify for hedge
                        accounting, are taken directly to the income statement for the year.
                        The fair value of forward exchange contracts are calculated by reference to current forward exchange rates for
                        contracts with similar maturity profiles and where applicable, exercise prices.
                        For the purposes of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as cash flow hedges when they hedge exposure to
                        variability in cash flows that is attributable either to a particular risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or to
                        a forecast transaction.
                        At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to
                        which the Group wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking
                        the hedge. The documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction, the
                        nature of the risk being hedged and how the entity will assess the hedging instrument’s effectiveness in offsetting
                        the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. Such hedges are expected
                        to be highly effective in achieving offsetting changes in cash flows and are assessed on an ongoing basis to
                        determine that they actually have been highly effective throughout the financial reporting periods for which they were
                        designated.
                        Hedges that meet the strict criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for as follows:

                        Cash flow hedges
                        Cash flow hedges are hedges of the Group’s exposure to variability in cash flows that is attributable to a particular
                        risk associated with a recognised asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction and that could affect profit
                        or loss. The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised directly in equity, while the
                        ineffective portion is recognised in income statement.
                                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                                 30 June 2022           30 June 2021
                                                                                                                        $’000                  $’000
                        Cash flow hedges
                        Forward exchange contracts - Assets                                                               23,987                 2,340
                        Forward exchange contracts - Liabilities                                                            (330)                  (626)
                                                                                                                          23,657                 1,714
                        Amounts taken to equity are transferred to the income statement when the hedged transaction affects profit or loss,
                        such as when hedged income or expenses are recognised or when a forecast purchase occurs. When the hedged
                        item is the cost of a non-financial asset or liability, the amounts taken to equity are transferred to the initial carrying
                        amount of the non-financial asset or liability.
                        If the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, amounts previously recognised in equity are transferred to
                        the income statement. If the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised without replacement or
                        rollover, or if its designation as a hedge is revoked, amounts previously recognised in equity remain in equity until the
                        forecast transaction occurs. If the related transaction is not expected to occur, the amount is taken to the income
                        statement.
                        A hedge of the foreign currency risk of a firm commitment is accounted for as a cash flow hedge.



          102           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 16. Financial risk management continued
                        Recognition and measurement continued




For personal use only
                        Other Financial assets at amortised cost
                        These amounts generally arise outside of the usual operating activities of the Group. Interest may be charged at
                        commercial rates, the Group has obtained collateral over the balance. The non-current receivables are expected to
                        be repaid within 3 years of the reporting period.


                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                               30 June 2022          30 June 2021
                                                                                                                      $’000                 $’000
                        Loans to suppliers – Current                                                                    9,497                    285
                        Loans to suppliers – Non Current                                                                1,998                   2,326
                        Total                                                                                          11,495                   2,611


                        Interest rate risk
                        The Group is exposed to interest rate risk on its borrowings, cash balances and derivative financial instruments. The
                        Group’s policy is to manage its interest rate risk using a mix of fixed and variable rate debt where appropriate. Cash
                        advance facilities have short term fixed interest rates with maturities ranging between 1 and 3 months, therefore
                        within the financial year they are exposed to interest rate risk.
                        At 30 June 2022, the Group has the following exposure to interest rate risk:

                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                               30 June 2022          30 June 2021
                                                                                                                      $’000                 $’000
                        Cash at bank                                                                                 168,256                  129,907
                        Borrowings                                                                                   (172,349)                      -
                        Net exposure                                                                                   (4,093)                129,907

                        At 30 June 2022, 100% of the Groups borrowings are exposed to floating rates. On a principal net payable of
                        $4,093,000 (2021: Receivable $129,907,000), at an average payable rate including line fee and margin of 2.0%
                        and average receivable rate of 0.2%, an increment of 0.5% in the market rates would result in an increase in finance
                        costs of $24,000. The group’s net exposure to interest rate risk calculated as at 30 June 2022 is not representative
                        of its exposure during the financial year due to seasonality in the volume of sales such that financial performance is
                        historically weighted in favour of the half to 31 December.
                        This seasonality results in a higher level of receivable and inventory balances and in the first half of the year a
                        consequent increase in working capital requirements.

                        Foreign currency risk
                        The Group undertakes certain transactions denominated in foreign currency and is exposed to foreign exchange rate
                        fluctuations. Such exposure arises primarily from purchases of inventory by a business unit in currencies other than
                        the unit’s functional currency (purchases are predominately US dollar denominated). Other foreign exchange risk only
                        arises when future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities are denominated in a currency that
                        is not the entity’s functional currency.
                        To hedge exposure arising from the purchase of inventories or payments in currencies other than the business unit’s
                        functional currency, forward exchange contracts may be utilised. At inception these hedge contracts are designated
                        as cash flow hedges to hedge the exposure to the variability in cash flows arising as a result of movements in
                        exchange rates below contracted exchange rates for options and for movements above or below a contracted
                        exchange rate for forward exchange contracts.
                        Also, as a result of the Group’s investment in its overseas operations, the Group’s balance sheet can be affected
                        significantly by movements in the exchange rates of the jurisdictions it operates within.




                                                                                                            Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   103
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 16. Financial risk management continued
                        At 30 June 2022, the Group has the following financial assets and liabilities exposed to foreign currency risk:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                         Consolidated
                                                                                                               30 June 2022        30 June 2021
                                                                                                                      $’000               $’000
                        Cash at bank                                                                                     12,108             2,547
                        Trade and other receivables                                                                       5,689             4,519
                        Trade and other payables                                                                        (10,586)           (3,734)
                        Other financial assets – derivative assets – forward exchange contracts                          23,987             2,340
                        Other financial liabilities – derivative liabilities – forward exchange contracts                  (330)             (626)
                        Loans to suppliers                                                                               11,495             2,611
                        Net exposure                                                                                     42,363             7,657

                        Instruments used by the group
                        Derivative financial instruments are used by the Group in the normal course of business in order to hedge exposures
                        to fluctuations in interest and foreign exchange rates.
                        The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair value of financial instruments by
                        valuation technique:
                           Level 1: quoted (unadjusted) prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
                           Level 2: other techniques for which all inputs that have a significant effect on the recorded fair value are
                           observable, either directly or indirectly.
                           Level 3: techniques that use inputs that have a significant effect on the recorded fair value that are not based on
                           observable market data.
                        The fair value of all derivative assets and liabilities have been determined under Level 2. The fair value of Non-current
                        other payables of $9,770,000 has been determined under Level 3. Expected cash outflows are estimated based on
                        the terms of the sale contract and the entity’s knowledge of the business and how the current economic environment
                        is likely to impact the valuation. Changes in the fair value are not expected to differ significantly from the carrying
                        value.

                        (i) Forward exchange contracts – cash flow hedges
                        The majority of the Group’s inventory purchases from suppliers are denominated in US dollars (US$). In order
                        to manage exchange rate movements and to manage the inventory costing process, the Group has entered
                        into forward exchange contracts to purchase USD, Euro and CHF. These contracts are hedging highly probable
                        forecasted purchases and highly probable forecasted payments and they are timed to mature when settlement of
                        purchases or the payments are scheduled to be made. All forward exchange contracts have 0-12 months maturity
                        (2021: 0-12 months).
                        The cash flows are expected to occur between 0-12 months from 1 July 2022 (2021: 0-12 months) and the cost of
                        sales and where applicable the sale of goods within the income statement will be affected in the next financial year as
                        the inventory is sold or the payments are made. At balance date, the details of outstanding contracts are:

                                                                                                                         Consolidated
                                                                                                               30 June 2022        30 June 2021
                                                                                                                      $’000               $’000
                        Buy USD                                                                                         295,167           139,579
                        Buy Euro                                                                                         84,746            13,235
                        Buy CHF                                                                                          18,479            23,502




          104           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 16. Financial risk management continued
                        Instruments used by the group continued




For personal use only
                        The cash flow hedges of the forecast purchases and forecast payments are considered to be highly effective and any
                        gain or loss on the contracts is taken directly to equity. Where the contracts are hedging highly probable forecasted
                        inventory purchases, when the inventory is received or the risk is assumed, the amount recognised in equity is
                        adjusted to the inventory account in the balance sheet. During the year $7,517,591 was credited to inventory (2021:
                        $4,172,000 debited) and $29,174,191 was debited (2021: $6,446,127 debited) to equity in respect of the Group.
                        At 30 June 2022, the Group had hedged 58% (2021: 37%) of its forecast foreign currency purchases extending to
                        June 2023 (2021: June 2022). The remaining 42% (2021: 63%) is exposed to some foreign exchange risk, however
                        is also naturally hedged within the Group.
                        In respect of net derivative assets and liabilities above, being the fair value of forward exchange contracts designated
                        as cash flow hedges, a decrease of 10% in the US dollar exchange rate against local currencies, all other variables
                        held constant, would result in an increase in equity of $30,743,000 (2021: $11,671,000). Conversely, an increase
                        of 10% in the US dollar exchange rate against local currencies, all other variables held constant, would result in a
                        decrease in equity of $25,153,000 (2021: $9,349,000).

                        Capital management
                        The Board’s policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain investor, creditor and market confidence and
                        to sustain future development of the business.
                        The Board seeks to maintain a balance between the higher returns that might be possible with higher levels of
                        borrowings and the advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position. The Board monitors the Group’s
                        gearing ratio and compliance with debt covenants on a regular basis. The Group’s gearing ratio at 30 June 2022 was
                        0.7% and 30 June 2021 is nil due to the Group being in a net cash position. The gearing ratio is defined as Group net
                        borrowings divided by capital employed (net borrowings plus shareholders’ equity).

                        Credit risk
                        Credit risk represents the loss that would be recognised if counterparties failed to perform as contracted. The credit
                        risk on financial assets (including trade receivables), excluding investments, of the Group that has been recognised on
                        the balance sheet is the carrying value amount, net of any uncollectible receivables (measured on a collective basis).
                        To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit risk
                        characteristics and the days past due. The Group appropriately provides for expected credit losses on a timely
                        basis, and in calculating the expected credit loss rates, the Group considers historic loss rates for each category of
                        customers, adjusting for forward looking macroeconomic data.
                        The Group trades only with recognised, creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all customers who wish
                        to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In certain instances, where deemed appropriate,
                        receivable insurance is acquired to offset the Group’s exposure to credit risk.
                        Economic headwinds have meant a number of retailers/customers have experienced cashflow difficulties with
                        potential increase in the risk of delayed payments or bankruptcy. At the same time insurers have reduced insurable
                        limits with a number of customers heightening the Group’s exposure to credit risk.
                        In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis with the result that the Group’s exposure to bad
                        debts is appropriately provided for.
                        With respect to credit risk arising from the other financial assets of the Group, which comprise cash and cash
                        equivalents and certain derivative instruments, the Group’s exposure to credit risk arises from default of the counter
                        party with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amount of these instruments. These counter parties are large
                        multi-national banks.

                        Liquidity risk
                        The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of
                        borrowing facilities and bank overdrafts.




                                                                                                         Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   105
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 16. Financial risk management continued
                        Group financial liabilities




For personal use only
                        Management monitors rolling forecasts of the Group’s liquidity reserve on the basis of expected cash flows. See note
                        15 for details of available facilities.
                        At 30 June 2022, the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s financial liabilities are:

                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                              30 June 2022           30 June 2021
                                                                                                                     $’000                  $’000
                        Less than 1 year                                                                              304,773            183,632
                        Between 1 and 5 years                                                                         219,762             43,700
                                                                                                                      524,535            227,332


                        The table below analyses the Group’s remaining contractual maturities by the type of financial liability. The amounts
                        disclosed are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.
                                                                          Consolidated                                Consolidated
                                                                          30 June 2022                                30 June 2021
                                                          Less than Between 1                            Less than      Between 1
                                                             1 year and 5 years               Total         1 year     and 5 years          Total
                                                              $’000       $’000              $’000          $’000           $’000          $’000
                        Trade and other payables             292,271            9,770      302,041        175,796          12,194        187,990
                        Borrowings                                    -       172,349      172,349                -              -              -
                        Lease liabilities                     12,172           37,643       49,815           7,210         31,506         38,716
                        Other financial liabilities                 330             -           330            626               -           626
                                                             304,773          219,762      524,535        183,632          43,700        227,332

                        Contractual maturities disclosed in the tables above include contracted interest payments. Total borrowings disclosed
                        in note 15 exclude such contracted interest payments.




          106           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 17. Interests in other entities
                        The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Breville Group Limited and the subsidiaries




For personal use only
                        listed in the following table.

                                                                                                                         Equity interest
                                                                                       Country of               30 June 2021       30 June 2020
                                              Legal entity                           incorporation       Note             %                  %
                        Thebe International Pty Limited                                 Australia       17(a)               100               100
                        Investments not held directly by Breville Group Limited:
                        Breville Holdings Pty Limited                                   Australia       17(a)               100               100
                        Breville Pty Limited                                            Australia       17(a)               100               100
                        Breville R&D Pty Limited                                        Australia                           100               100
                        Breville Group Employee Share Trust                             Australia       17(b)                 -                 -
                        Breville New Zealand Limited                                  New Zealand                           100               100
                        HWI International Limited                                      Hong Kong                            100               100
                        Breville Services (Shenzhen) Company Limited                     China                              100               100
                        Breville Holdings USA, Inc.                                       USA                               100               100
                        Breville USA, Inc.                                                USA                               100               100
                        Baratza LLC                                                       USA                               100               100
                        Holding HWI Canada, Inc                                         Canada                              100               100
                        HWI Canada, Inc.                                                Canada                              100               100
                        Breville Canada, L.P.                                           Canada                              100               100
                        BRG Appliances Limited                                             UK                               100               100
                        Sage Appliances GmbH                                            Germany                             100               100
                        Sage Appliances France SaS                                       France                             100               100
                        Breville Mexico, S.A. de C.V.                                    Mexico                             100               100
                        Breville Korea Limited                                           Korea                              100               100

                        Breville Group Limited, a company incorporated in Australia is the ultimate parent of the group.

                        (a) Entities subject to reporting relief
                        Pursuant to ASIC Corporations (Wholly-owned Companies) Instrument 2016/785, relief has been granted to Thebe
                        International Pty Limited, Breville Pty Limited and Breville Holdings Pty Limited from the Corporations Act 2001
                        requirements for preparation, audit and lodgement of their financial reports.
                        As a condition of the instrument, Breville Group Limited and Thebe International Pty Limited entered into a Deed of
                        Cross Guarantee on 4 November 1999. This deed was subsequently assumed by Breville Pty Limited and Breville
                        Holdings Pty Limited under an assumption deed dated 19 December 2001. The effect of the deed is that Breville
                        Group Limited has guaranteed to pay any deficiency in the event of winding up of either controlled entity or if they do
                        not meet their obligations under the terms of overdrafts, loans, leases or other liabilities subject to the guarantee. The
                        controlled entities have also given a similar guarantee in the event that Breville Group Limited is wound up or if it does
                        not meet its obligation under the terms of overdrafts, loans, leases or other liabilities subject to the guarantee.
                        The entities comprising the “closed group” are Breville Group Limited, Thebe International Pty Limited, Breville Pty
                        Limited and Breville Holdings Pty Limited. The Consolidated statement of financial position and income statement of
                        the entities that are members of the “closed group” are detailed in Note 20.

                        (b) Breville Group Employee Share Trust
                        A trust fund has been established with the appointment of an independent Trustee. The trust is funded by funds
                        irretrievably contributed to it by the company and the Trustee uses these funds to either subscribe for a new issue of
                        shares in the company or purchase shares on the ASX in order to fulfil its obligations under the Breville Group Limited
                        Share Plan.
                        The trust does not form part of the Breville Group Limited Australian tax consolidation group.
                        During the year the Trustee of the Breville Group Employee Share Trust subscribed to 389,440 ordinary shares of
                        Breville Group Limited (2021: subscribed to 406,700 shares) in order to fulfil its obligations under the Breville Group
                        Employee Share Trust. The average value placed on these subscriptions was $32.42 per share (2021: average value
                        placed on these subscriptions was $27.55 per share). Details are provided in note 14.




                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   107
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 18. Parent entity information
                        (a) Summary financial information




For personal use only
                        As at and throughout the financial year ended 30 June 2022 the parent company of the Group was Breville Group
                        Limited.
                                                                                                            30 June 2022          30 June 2021
                                                                                                                   $’000                 $’000

                        Results of the parent entity
                        Profit of the parent entity                                                                 47,852               51,490
                        Total comprehensive income of the parent entity                                             47,852               51,490

                        Financial position of the parent entity
                        Current assets                                                                             118,426             104,167
                        Total assets                                                                               335,939             320,008
                        Current liabilities                                                                            586                      -
                        Total liabilities                                                                              586                      -
                        Net assets                                                                                 335,353             320,008
                        Equity attributable to the equity holders of the parent
                        Issued capital                                                                             323,165             309,615
                        Employee equity benefits reserve                                                           (10,255)               (3,916)
                        Retained earnings                                                                           22,443               14,309
                        Total shareholders’ equity                                                                 335,353             320,008

                        Contingencies
                        The parent company has guaranteed under the terms of an ASIC class order any deficiency of funds if Thebe
                        International Pty Limited, Breville Pty Limited and Breville Holdings Pty Limited are wound up. No such deficiency
                        currently exists.
                        The parent company has issued corporate guarantees in favour of HSBC local banks in Canada and Mexico.

                        Tax consolidation
                        Breville Group Limited and its 100% owned Australian resident subsidiaries (excluding the Breville Group Employee
                        Share Trust) have formed a tax consolidated Group with effect from 1 July 2003.
                        The head entity, Breville Group Limited and each subsidiary in the tax consolidated Group are required to account
                        for their own current and deferred tax amounts. These tax amounts are measured as if each entity in the tax
                        consolidated Group continues to be a standalone taxpayer in its own right.
                        In addition to its own current and deferred tax amounts, Breville Group Limited also recognises:
                        (a) the current tax liabilities (or assets) and the deferred tax assets arising from unused tax losses and unused tax
                            credits assumed from controlled entities in the tax consolidated Group; and
                        (b) assets or liabilities arising for Group under the tax funding agreement as amounts receivable from or payable to
                            other entities in the Group.
                        Members of the tax consolidated Group have entered into a tax funding agreement. The tax funding agreement
                        supports the calculation of current tax liabilities (and assets) and deferred tax assets/liabilities on a stand-alone
                        basis. Calculation is performed in accordance with AASB 112 Income Tax. The allocation of taxes under the tax
                        funding agreement is recognised as an increase/decrease in the subsidiaries’ intercompany accounts with the tax
                        consolidated Group head company, Breville Group Limited.
                        No amounts have been recognised in the financial statements in respect of the tax sharing agreement should the
                        head entity default on its tax payment obligations on the basis that the possibility of default is remote.




          108           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Further details




For personal use only
                        Note 19. Share-based payments
                        Performance rights plan (LTI) and fixed deferred remuneration rights plan
                        Under the performance rights plan (LTI) and fixed deferred remuneration rights plan participants are issued with rights
                        over the ordinary shares of Breville Group Limited issued in accordance with the Breville Group Limited Share Plan.
                        See pages 47 - 53 of the Remuneration report for details of the two plans.
                        At 30 June 2022 there were 1,687,103 (2021: 1,388,145) total rights outstanding under both plans, 1,149,704
                        (2021: 1,246,074) under the performance rights plan (LTI) and 537,399 (2021: 142,071) under the fixed deferred
                        remuneration rights plan. The expense recognised in the income statement in relation to share-based payments is
                        disclosed in note 3(e).
                        Recognition and measurement
                        Performance rights issued to employees (including key management personnel) are accounted for as share-
                        based payments, whereby employees render services in exchange for shares or rights over shares (equity-settled
                        transactions). The cost of these equity-settled transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value
                        of the equity instruments at the date at which they are granted. The fair value has been determined by an external
                        valuer using a risk neutral methodology for non market valuations and Black Scholes or Monte-Carlo model for
                        market valuations, further details of which are given below.
                        Market based performance conditions are reflected within the fair value at grant date. Service and non-market
                        performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date fair value of the awards. The
                        likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity
                        instruments that will ultimately vest.
                        The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in equity, over the
                        period in which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled (the vesting period), ending on the date on
                        which the relevant employees become fully entitled to the award (the vesting date). At each subsequent reporting
                        date until vesting, the cumulative charge to the income statement is the product of (i) the grant date fair value of the
                        award; (ii) the current best estimate of the number of awards that will vest, taking into account such factors as the
                        likelihood of employee turnover during the vesting period and the likelihood of non-market performance conditions
                        being met; and (iii) the expired portion of the vesting period. The charge to the income statement for the period
                        is the cumulative amount as calculated above less the amounts already charged in previous periods. There is a
                        corresponding entry to equity.
                        No expense is recognised for awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service
                        conditions have not been met. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the transactions are treated
                        as vested irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance
                        and/or service conditions are satisfied.

                        Rights granted and outstanding under the performance rights plan (LTI)
                        The following table illustrates the number and weighted average exercise prices (“WAEP”) of and movements in
                        performance rights issued during the year:

                                                                                   30 June 2022                         30 June 2021
                                                                            Number of                              Number of
                                                                          performance                            performance
                                                                                 rights              WAEP               rights             WAEP

                        Outstanding at the beginning of the year               1,246,074               0.00         1,183,900                0.00
                        Performance rights granted during the year               364,450               0.00           410,828                0.00
                        Performance rights exercised during the
                        year                                                    (388,800)              0.00          (346,700)               0.00
                        Performance rights lapsed during the year                (72,020)              0.00             (1,954)              0.00
                        Outstanding at the end of the year (a)                 1,149,704               0.00         1,246,074                0.00
                        Exercisable at the end of the year                              -                  -                  -                    -




                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2022    109
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 19. Share-based payments continued
                        Rights outstanding under the performance rights plan (LTI)




For personal use only
                        Notes
                        (a) The outstanding balance as at 30 June 2022 is represented by:

                           Number of                                                                                                  Fair value
                         performance                         Period                                  Vesting            WAEP           at grant
                                rights    Measure             start   Period End     Grant date        date Expiry date    $            date ($)
                                           Relative
                               114,900      TSR          30-Jun-18     30-Jun-22      11-Sep-18    29-Aug-22    3-Oct-22       0.00        6.58
                                           Relative
                                19,700      TSR          30-Jun-18     30-Jun-22      16-Nov-18    29-Aug-22    3-Oct-22       0.00        6.58
                                           Relative
                              154,950       TSR          30-Jun-19     30-Jun-22      11-Oct-19    29-Aug-22   03-Oct-22       0.00        6.81
                                           Relative
                              146,600       TSR          30-Jun-19     30-Jun-23      11-Oct-19    29-Aug-23    2-Oct-23       0.00        7.06
                                           Absolute
                              373,592        TSR         30-Jun-20     30-Jun-23       7-Sep-20    29-Aug-23    1-Oct-23       0.00       14.69
                                            EBIT
                                           CAGR &
                                           Revenue
                               265,748      CAGR         30-Jun-21     30-Jun-24       6-Oct-21    27-Aug-24   01-Oct-24       0.00       25.96
                                            EBIT
                                           CAGR &
                                           Revenue
                                74,214      CAGR         30-Jun-21     30-Jun-24      11-Nov-21    27-Aug-24   01-Oct-24       0.00       28.91
                            1,149,704                                                                                          0.00


                        Rights granted and outstanding under the fixed deferred remuneration plan
                        The following table illustrates the number and weighted average exercise prices (“WAEP”) of and movements in fixed
                        deferred remuneration plan issued during the year:

                                                                                    30 June 2022                    30 June 2021
                                                                            Number of                           Number of
                                                                           share rights             WAEP       share rights              WAEP

                        Outstanding at the beginning of the year                   142,071            0.00        196,227                  0.00
                        Rights granted during the year                             460,801            0.00         22,311                  0.00
                        Rights exercised during the year                           (29,940)           0.00         (76,467)                0.00
                        Rights lapsed during the year                              (35,533)           0.00                 -               0.00
                        Outstanding at the end of the year (b)                     537,399               -        142,071                      -
                        Exercisable at the end of the year                               -               -                 -                   -




          110           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 19. Share-based payments continued
                        Rights outstanding under the fixed deferred remuneration plan




For personal use only
                        Notes
                        (b) The outstanding balance as at 30 June 2022 is represented by:

                                       Number of                                                                                                 Fair value at
                               performance rights          Note        Grant date       Vesting date         Expiry date            WAEP $      grant date ($)
                                             29,940            (i)     29-Jan-20*          25-Aug-22            3-Oct-22                0.00                 16.70
                                             29,940           (ii)     29-Jan-20*          25-Aug-23            2-Oct-23                0.00                 16.70
                                             29,940          (iii)     29-Jan-20*          25-Aug-24            1-Oct-24                0.00                 16.70
                                              22,311         (iv)        7-Sep-20          25-Aug-25            3-Oct-25                0.00              19.60
                                              27,208          (v)        5-Oct-21          25-Aug-22          25-Aug-22                 0.00                 27.21
                                             36,442           (ii)       5-Oct-21         25-Aug-23          25-Aug-23                  0.00              26.87
                                             70,570          (iii)       5-Oct-21         25-Aug-24          25-Aug-24                  0.00              26.52
                                             81,991          (iv)        5-Oct-21         25-Aug-25          25-Aug-25                  0.00              26.18
                                            122,989           (v)        5-Oct-21         25-Aug-26          25-Aug-26                  0.00              25.85
                                             20,507                      6-Oct-21         25-Aug-23            2-Oct-23                 0.00              16.70
                                             12,077           (ii)     11-Nov-21          25-Aug-23          25-Aug-23                  0.00              29.28
                                             12,077          (iii)     11-Nov-21          25-Aug-24          25-Aug-24                  0.00              28.91
                                             12,077          (iv)      11-Nov-21          25-Aug-25          25-Aug-25                  0.00              28.54
                                             29,330           (v)      11-Nov-21          25-Aug-26          25-Aug-26                  0.00              28.17
                                            537,399                                                                                     0.00
                        *       material terms and conditions of the grant were agreed in January 2020 but administrative finalisation of grants were delayed
                                due to COVID-19 priorities. In line with AASB2, fair value was based on the price at the time when grant was agreed when
                                VWAP for H1 FY20 was $16.70.
                        (i)     Rights granted as fixed deferred remuneration with vesting condition that the participants must complete the service period
                                between 26 August 2021 - 25 August 2022.
                        (ii)    Rights granted as fixed deferred remuneration with vesting condition that the participant must complete the service period
                                between 26 August 2022 - 25 August 2023.
                        (iii) Rights granted as fixed deferred remuneration with vesting condition that the participant must complete the service period
                              between 26 August 2023 - 25 August 2024.
                        (iv) Rights granted as fixed deferred remuneration with vesting condition that the participant must complete the service period
                             between 26 August 2024 - 25 August 2025.
                        (v) Rights granted as fixed deferred remuneration with vesting condition that the participant must complete the service period
                            between 26 August 2025 - 25 August 2026.


                        Rights granted under the performance rights plan and fixed deferred remuneration plan
                        The remaining contractual life for the performance and the fixed deferred remuneration rights outstanding at 30 June
                        2022 is between 1 and 4 years (2021: 1 and 4 years).
                        The exercise price for performance rights and the fixed deferred remuneration rights outstanding at the end of the
                        year was $nil (2021: $nil).
                        The weighted average fair value of performance rights granted under the performance rights plan during the year was
                        $26.60 (2021: $14.69).
                        In the current period ending 30 June 2022 rights issued under the performance rights plan and fixed deferred
                        remuneration plan are measured using a risk neutral methodology (CAGR EBIT, CAGR Revenue and service period).
                        In the prior period, fair value of the equity-settled performance rights granted under the performance rights plan
                        is estimated as of the date of grant using a Monte-Carlo option-pricing model, taking into account the terms and
                        conditions upon which the options and performance rights were granted.




                                                                                                                      Breville Group Limited annual report 2022      111
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 19. Share-based payments continued
                        The following table lists the inputs to the model used for the grants during the year ended 30 June 2022 and




For personal use only
                        30 June 2021:

                                                                                                           30 June 2022
                                                                                                                                Performance
                                                                                                                                   rights and
                                                                                                                              Fixed Deferred
                                                                                        Performance       Fixed Deferred      Remuneration
                                                                                               rights     Remuneration          (Jim Clayton)
                        Grant date                                                           6 Oct 21           5 Oct 21            11 Nov 21
                        Vesting Date - Performance Rights                                  27 Aug 24                      -        27 Aug 24
                        Vesting Date - Fixed Deferred Remuneration Rights                                      25 Aug 22            25 Aug 22
                                                                                                               25 Aug 23            25 Aug 23
                                                                                                               25 Aug 24            25 Aug 24
                                                                                                               25 Aug 25            25 Aug 25
                                                                                                               25 Aug 26            25 Aug 26
                        Share price at the grant date                                            26.81               27.39               29.85
                        Dividend Yield                                                            1.0%               1.0%                 1.0%
                        Franking rate                                                            100%               100%                 100%
                        Imputation credits valuation factor                                       65%                65%                  65%
                        Implied pre-tax effective dividend yield (p.a)                            1.3%               1.3%                 1.3%
                        Right exercise price                                                      0.00                0.00                0.00

                                                                                                                                 30 June 2021
                                                                                                                                 (Monte- Carlo)
                        Grant date                                                                                                     7 Sep 20

                        Vesting date                                                                                                  29 Aug 23

                        Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                 2.50

                        Expected volatility (%)                                                                                           35.00

                        Historical volatility (%)                                                                                         35.00

                        Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                        0.30

                        Expected life of performance right                                                                             2.9 years

                        Performance right exercise price ($)                                                                               0.00

                        Weighted average share price ($)   1
                                                                                                                                          22.41

                        Weighted average fair value ($)1                                                                                  14.69

                        1
                            At grant date

                        The expected life of the performance rights is based on historical data and is not necessarily indicative of exercise
                        patterns that may occur. The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of
                        future trends, which may also not necessarily be the actual outcome. No other features of performance rights granted
                        were incorporated into the measurement of fair value.

                        The weighted average fair value of share rights granted under the fixed deferred remuneration plan during the year
                        was $26.18 (2021: $19.60).




          112           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 20. Related party transactions
                                                                                 30 June 2022           30 June 2021




For personal use only
                                                                                        $’000                  $’000

                        (i) Consolidated statement of financial position for
                        class order closed group
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                       111,935                60,324
                        Trade and other receivables                                      49,293                52,483
                        Inventories                                                       57,816               44,053
                        Other financial assets                                           24,260                  2,625
                        Total current assets                                            243,304               159,485

                        Non-current assets
                        Investments                                                     274,534               247,212
                        Right-of-use-assets                                                6,048                 8,318
                        Plant and equipment                                              11,256                11,531
                        Intangible assets                                               119,969               102,728
                        Deferred tax assets                                                1,054                 8,696
                        Other financial assets                                             1,998                 2,326
                        Total non-current assets                                        414,859               380,811
                        Total assets                                                    658,163               540,296

                        Current liabilities
                        Trade and other payables                                        107,215               107,869
                        Current tax liabilities                                              586                 4,244
                        Provisions                                                       15,018                10,507
                        Lease liabilities                                                  4,135                 3,690
                        Other financial liabilities                                          330                   625
                        Total current liabilities                                       127,284               126,935

                        Non-current liabilities
                        Borrowings                                                       35,000                       -
                        Lease liabilities                                                  5,605                 9,497
                        Provisions                                                         1,625                 1,180
                        Total non-current liabilities                                    42,230                10,677
                        Total liabilities                                               169,514               137,612

                        Net assets                                                      488,649               402,684

                        Equity
                        Issued capital                                                  323,165               309,615
                        Reserves                                                           6,304                (2,715)
                        Retained earnings                                               159,180                95,784
                        Total equity                                                    488,649               402,684




                                                                               Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   113
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 20. Related party transactions continued
                                                                                                               30 June 2022    30 June 2021




For personal use only
                                                                                                                      $’000           $’000

                        (ii) Consolidated income statement for class order closed
                        group
                        Profit from ordinary activities before income tax expense                                   139,516           94,540
                        Income tax expense relating to ordinary activities                                          (36,403)          (29,623)
                        Net profit                                                                                  103,113           64,917
                        Accumulated profits at the beginning of the year                                             95,784           77,007
                        Dividends paid or reinvested                                                                (39,717)          (46,140)
                        Accumulated profits at the end of the year                                                  159,180           95,784


                        (a) Ultimate controlling entity
                        The ultimate controlling entity of the Group in Australia is Breville Group Limited.

                        (b) Wholly owned Group transactions
                        During the financial period, loans were advanced and repayments received on inter-Group accounts with subsidiaries
                        in the wholly owned Group. These transactions were undertaken on commercial terms and conditions.

                        (c) Key management personnel
                                                                                                                     Consolidated
                                                                                                               30 June 2022    30 June 2021
                                                                                                   Note                   $               $

                        Compensation by category: key management personnel
                        Short-term                                                               20(c)(ii)        9,070,762         7,345,732
                        Post-employment                                                          20(c)(i)           224,594          200,297
                        Other long-term                                                                             126,904           51,562
                        LTI Share-based payment                                                                   2,316,742         1,604,473
                        Total                                                                                    11,739,002         9,202,064

                        (i)       This comprises defined contribution plans expense of $224,594 (2021: $200,297)
                        (ii)     Not included in Short-term but recognised through the Income Statement is annual leave expense for J.
                        Clayton $246,997 (FY21: $164,114), S. Brady $19,131 (FY21: $42,964), M. Nicholas $29,920 (FY21: $30,389), Mark
                        Payne $12,602 (FY21: $9,833), Cliff Torng $18,598 (FY21: $48,291).




          114           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 21. Auditor’s remuneration
                                                                                                                     Consolidated




For personal use only
                                                                                                            30 June 2022           30 June 2021
                                                                                                                       $                      $

                        Amounts received or due and receivable from the entity
                        and any other entity in the consolidated entity:

                        PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia – primary auditors
                        Parent entity
                        Audit or review services - Parent                                                          670,362               658,261
                        Taxation and accounting advisory services - Parent                                         256,079               130,036

                        Network Firms of PricewaterhouseCoopers Australia
                        Controlled entities
                        Taxation and accounting advisory services - Controlled entities                            333,895               594,790
                        Audit or review services - Controlled entities                                             158,638               153,739
                        Total services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers                                        1,418,974             1,536,826


                        Note 22. Contingencies
                        Indemnity agreements have been entered into with certain officers of the Group in respect of expenses and liabilities
                        they incur in their official capacities. No monetary limit applies to these agreements and no known obligations have
                        emerged as a result of these agreements.
                        Cross guarantees given by Breville Group Limited, Thebe International Pty Limited, Breville Holdings Pty Limited and
                        Breville Pty Limited are described in note 17(a).
                        Breville Group Limited has issued corporate guarantees in favour of the local bank (HSBC) which provides the day to
                        day US, Canadian, UK, French, Mexican and German transactional banking facilities.


                        Note 23. Events occurring after the reporting period
                        On 1st July 2022 Breville Group Limited acquired 100% of the issued shares in LELIT, an Italian based speciality
                        coffee group, for consideration of approximately $140m. As a rapidly growing disruptor in the premium Italian-made
                        espresso machine and grinder market, the acquisition of LELIT strategically complements Breville’s award-winning
                        coffee portfolio and brings together two iconic companies in the design and distribution of preeminent home coffee
                        equipment. The financial effects of this transaction have not been recognised at 30 June 2022. The operating results
                        and assets and liabilities of the acquired company will be consolidated from 1 July 2022.
                        At the time the financial statements were authorised for issue, the group had not yet completed the accounting
                        for the acquisition of LELIT. In particular, the fair values of the assets disclosed above have only been determined
                        provisionally as the independent valuations have not been finalised. It is also not yet possible to provide detailed
                        information about each class of acquired receivables and any contingent liabilities of the acquired entity.
                        No other matters or circumstances have arisen since the end of the year which significantly affected or may affect the
                        operations of the consolidated entity.
                        The financial report of Breville Group Limited for the year ended 30 June 2022 was authorised for issue in accordance
                        with a resolution of the directors on 23 August 2022.




                                                                                                          Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   115
                        Notes to the financial statements
                        for the year ended 30 June 2022

                        Note 24. Other accounting policies
                        a) Foreign currency translation




For personal use only
                        (i) Functional and presentation currency
                        Both the functional and presentation currency of Breville Group Limited and its Australian subsidiaries are Australian
                        dollars (AUD or A$). Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the
                        financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency.

                        (ii) Transactions and balances
                        Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the functional currency at the exchange rates ruling at the
                        date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rate
                        of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date.
                        Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
                        exchange rate as at the date of the initial transaction. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign
                        currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined.
                        The functional currency of the foreign subsidiaries is either:
                        •   USD - United States dollar (Breville Holdings USA, Inc. and Breville USA, Inc.);
                        •   HKD - Hong Kong dollar (HWI International Limited);
                        •   CAD - Canadian dollar (HWI Canada, Inc., Holding HWI Canada, Inc. and Breville Canada, L.P.);
                        •   NZD - New Zealand dollar (Breville New Zealand Limited);
                        •   GBP - British pound (BRG Appliances Limited);
                        •   RMB - Chinese Renminbi (Breville Services (Shenzhen) Company Limited);
                        •   EUR - Euro (Sage Appliances GmbH and Sage Appliances France SaS);
                        •   MXN - Mexican Peso (Breville Mexico, S.A. de C.V.); and
                        •   KRW - South Korean Won (Breville Korea Limited)
                        As of the reporting date the assets and liabilities of these foreign subsidiaries are translated into the presentation
                        currency of Breville Group Limited. They are translated at the rate of exchange ruling at the balance sheet date and
                        the income statements are translated at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.
                        The exchange differences arising on the retranslation of the financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are taken
                        directly to a separate component of equity. On disposal of a foreign entity, the deferred cumulative amount
                        recognised in equity relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the income statement.

                        (iii) Disposal of foreign operations
                        In some instances companies in the Breville Group provide intra-Group funding to other Group entities by way of
                        permanent equity loans. In these instances any foreign exchange movements are recognised in equity (foreign
                        currency translation reserve) as these equity loans are considered to form part of the net investment in the subsidiary.

                        b) Investments and other financial assets
                        Financial assets in the scope of AASB 139 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement are classified as
                        either financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, loans and receivables or held-to-maturity investments,
                        as appropriate. When financial assets are recognised initially, they are measured at fair value, plus, in the case of
                        investments not at fair value through the income statement, directly attributable transactions costs. The Group
                        determines the classification of its financial assets after initial recognition and, when allowed and appropriate, re-
                        evaluates this designation at each year end.
                        All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, i.e., the date that the Group
                        commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets
                        under contracts that require delivery of the assets within the period established generally by regulation or convention
                        in the marketplace.




          116           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Note 24. Other accounting policies continued
                        (i) Held to maturity investments




For personal use only
                        Non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments and fixed maturity are classified as held-to-
                        maturity when the Group has the positive intention and ability to hold to maturity. Investments intended to be held for
                        an undefined period are not included in this classification. Investments that are intended to be held-to-maturity, such
                        as bonds, are subsequently measured at amortised cost. This cost is computed as the amount initially recognised
                        minus principal repayments, plus or minus the cumulative amortisation using the effective interest method of any
                        difference between the initially recognised amount and the maturity amount. This calculation includes all fees
                        and points paid or received between parties to the contract that are an integral part of the effective interest rate,
                        transaction costs and all other premiums and discounts.
                        For investments carried at amortised cost, gains and losses are recognised in the income statement when the
                        investments are derecognised or impaired, as well as through the amortisation process.

                        (ii) Loans and receivables
                        Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in
                        an active market. Such assets are carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Gains and losses are
                        recognised in the income statement when the loans and receivables are derecognised or impaired, as well as through
                        the amortisation process.
                        For investments carried at amortised cost, gains and losses are recognised in the income statement when the
                        investments are derecognised or impaired, as well as through the amortisation process.

                        c) Other Taxes
                        Revenue, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of goods and services tax (GST) or value added tax
                        (VAT) except:
                        •   where the GST/VAT incurred on the purchase of goods and services is not recoverable from the taxation
                            authority, in which case the GST/VAT is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the
                            expense item as applicable; and
                        •   receivables and payables, which are stated with the applicable amount of GST/VAT included.
                        The net amount of GST/VAT recoverable/payable is included in receivables/payables in the statement of financial
                        position.
                        Cash flows are included in the cash flow statement on a gross basis and the GST/VAT component of cash flows
                        arising from investing and financing activities are classified as operating cash flows.
                        Commitments and contingencies are disclosed net of recoverable/payable GST/VAT.

                        d) New accounting standards and interpretations
                        (i) Changes to accounting policy and disclosures
                        The accounting policies of the Group are consistent with those of the previous financial year.
                        The Group adopted all other new and amended Australian Accounting Standards and Interpretations that became
                        applicable during the current financial year.
                        The adoption of other Standards and Interpretations did not have a significant impact on the Group’s financial results
                        or statement of financial position.




                                                                                                         Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   117
                        Directors’ declaration

                        In accordance with a resolution of the directors of Breville Group Limited, I state that:
                        1. In the opinion of the directors:




For personal use only
                            (a) the financial statements and notes set out on pages to 70 - 117 of the consolidated entity are in accordance
                                with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                                (i) giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of its
                                    performance for the financial year ended on that date, and
                                (ii) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001;
                            (b) the financial statements and notes also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by
                                the International Accounting Standards Board as disclosed in note 1;
                            (c) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they
                                become due and payable; and
                            (d) at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the extended
                                Closed Group will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are or may become subject, by
                                virtue of the Deed of Cross Guarantee.
                        2. This declaration is made after receiving the declarations by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
                           required to be made to the Directors in accordance with section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 for the
                           financial year ended 30 June 2022.
                        On behalf of the Board




                        Timothy Antonie
                        Non-executive chairperson
                        Sydney
                        23 August 2022




          118           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Auditor’s independence declaration




For personal use only
                        Auditor’s Independence Declaration
                        As lead auditor for the audit of Breville Group Limited for the year ended 30 June 2022, I declare that to
                        the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:
                        (a)    no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                               relation to the audit; and
                        (b)     no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.
                        This declaration is in respect of Breville Group Limited and the entities it controlled during the period.




                        Aishwarya Chandran                                                                                              Sydney
                        Partner                                                                                                  23 August 2022
                        PricewaterhouseCoopers




                         PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                         One International Towers Sydney, Watermans Quay, Barangaroo, GPO BOX 2650, SYDNEY NSW 2001
                         T: +61 2 8266 0000, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
                         Level 11, 1PSQ, 169 Macquarie Street, Parramatta NSW 2150, PO Box 1155 Parramatta NSW 2124
                         T: +61 2 9659 2476, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
                         Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.


                                                                                                            Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   119
                        Independent auditor’s report




For personal use only
                        Independent auditor’s report
                        To the members of Breville Group Limited

                        Report on the audit of the financial report

                        Our opinion
                        In our opinion:
                        The accompanying financial report of Breville Group Limited (the Company) and its controlled entities
                        (together the Group) is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                        (a) giving a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of its financial
                            performance for the year then ended
                        (b) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                        What we have audited
                        The Group financial report comprises:
                        •     the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2022
                        •     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended
                        •     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended
                        •     the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended
                        •     the consolidated income statement for the year then ended
                        •     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and
                              other explanatory information
                        •     the directors’ declaration.


                        Basis for opinion
                        We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those
                        standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report section
                        of our report.
                        We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                        opinion.

                        Independence
                        We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the
                        Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional & Ethical Standards
                        Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards)
                        (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other
                        ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




                            PricewaterhouseCoopers, ABN 52 780 433 757
                            One International Towers Sydney, Watermans Quay, Barangaroo, GPO BOX 2650, SYDNEY NSW 2001
                            T: +61 2 8266 0000, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
                            Level 11, 1PSQ, 169 Macquarie Street, Parramatta NSW 2150, PO Box 1155 Parramatta NSW 2124
                            T: +61 2 9659 2476, F: +61 2 8266 9999, www.pwc.com.au
                            Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.


          120           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
For personal use only
                        Our audit approach
                        An audit is designed to provide reasonable assurance about whether the financial report is free from
                        material misstatement. Misstatements may arise due to fraud or error. They are considered material if
                        individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
                        taken on the basis of the financial report.

                        We tailored the scope of our audit to ensure that we performed enough work to be able to give an opinion
                        on the financial report as a whole, taking into account the geographic and management structure of the
                        Group, its accounting processes and controls and the industry in which it operates.




                         Materiality                                           Audit scope
                        ● For the purpose of our audit we used overall         ● Our audit focused on where the Group made
                          Group materiality of $7.3 million, which               subjective judgements; for example, significant
                          represents approximately 5% of the Group’s             accounting estimates involving assumptions and
                          profit before tax.                                     inherently uncertain future events.
                        ● We applied this threshold, together with             ● The Group comprises entities located globally,
                          qualitative considerations, to determine the           with the most financially significant operations
                          scope of our audit and the nature, timing and          being located in Australia and the United States
                          extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate         of America.
                          the effect of misstatements on the financial
                                                                               ● PwC Australia undertook all audit procedures
                          report as a whole.
                                                                                 to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence
                        ● We chose Group profit before tax because, in           to express an opinion on the Group’s financial
                          our view, it is the benchmark against which the        report as a whole.
                          performance of the Group is most commonly
                          measured.
                        ● We utilised a 5% threshold based on our
                          professional judgement, noting it is within the
                          range of commonly acceptable thresholds.




                                                                                                 Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   121
                        Independent auditor’s report continued




For personal use only
                        Key audit matters
                        Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
                        audit of the financial report for the current period. The key audit matters were addressed in the context
                        of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide
                        a separate opinion on these matters. Further, any commentary on the outcomes of a particular audit
                        procedure is made in that context.

                         Key audit matter                                            How our audit addressed the key audit
                                                                                     matter
                         Estimated recoverable amount of goodwill and Assisted by PwC valuation experts in aspects of
                         intangibles with indefinite lives            our work, our audit procedures included, amongst
                         (Refer to note 11)                           others:
                         Under Australian Accounting Standards, the Group is         ● assessing the identification of CGUs and the
                         required to test goodwill and intangibles with indefinite     allocation of carrying value of assets and
                         lives annually for impairment, irrespective of whether        liabilities and cash flows to those CGUs for
                         there are indicators of impairment.                           consistency with our knowledge of the Group;
                         The Group assesses goodwill and intangibles with            ● assessing whether the models applied by the
                         indefinite lives for impairment at the cash generating        Group for impairment testing were prepared in
                         unit (‘CGU’) level. This assessment is inherently             accordance with the requirements of Australian
                         complex and judgemental. It requires judgement by the         Accounting Standards;
                         Group in forecasting the operational cash flows of the      ● comparing the cash flow forecasts in the models
                         CGUs, and determining discount rates and terminal             to the Board approved budget;
                         value growth rates used in the discounted cash flow         ● testing the mathematical accuracy and integrity
                         models used to assess impairment (the ‘models’).              of the models;
                         The recoverable amount of goodwill and intangibles          ● assessing the terminal value growth rates and
                         with indefinite lives was a key audit matter given the:       discount rates applied in the models;
                         ● financial significance of intangible assets to the        ● assessing cash flow forecasts, which contain
                           consolidated statement of financial position; and           key growth assumptions included in the models
                         ● judgement applied by the Group in completing the            against historical performance and budget
                           impairment assessments.                                     accuracy, future strategic plans, and other market
                                                                                       information;
                                                                                     ● performing sensitivity analyses over the key
                                                                                       assumptions used in the models to understand
                                                                                       the impact of reasonably possible changes to key
                                                                                       assumptions; and
                                                                                     ● evaluating the related financial statement
                                                                                       disclosures for consistency with Australian
                                                                                       Accounting Standards requirements.




          122           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
For personal use only
                         Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit
                                                                                   matter
                         Revenue from contracts with customers                     Our procedures over the recognition of revenue
                         (Refer to note 3)                                         included, amongst others:
                         The Group’s accounting policy is to recognise revenue     ● considering the Group’s accounting policy
                         when the performance obligation of transferring goods       in line with Australian Accounting Standard
                         to the customer has been satisfied and the transaction      requirements;
                         price can be measured.                                    ● obtaining a sample of revenue transactions and
                         Revenue was a key audit matter given the financial          testing back to source documentation, including
                         significance of revenue to the financial report and the     identifying performance obligations, assessing
                         significant audit effort required to gather sufficient      whether the transactions occurred and were
                         appropriate audit evidence for revenue recognition.         recognised in the correct period; and
                                                                                   ● evaluating the related financial statement
                                                                                     disclosures for consistency with Australian
                                                                                     Accounting Standards requirements.




                        Other information
                        The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
                        included in the annual report for the year ended 30 June 2022, but does not include the financial report and
                        our auditor’s report thereon. Prior to the date of this auditor’s report, the other information we obtained
                        included the Company information, Directors’ report and Corporate governance statement. We expect the
                        remaining other information to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s report.
                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not express
                        any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
                        in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or
                        our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
                        If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of
                        this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
                        required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
                        When we read the other information not yet received, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement
                        therein, we are required to communicate the matter to the directors and use our professional judgement to
                        determine the appropriate action to take.




                                                                                                    Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   123
                        Independent auditor’s report continued




For personal use only
                        Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true
                        and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and
                        for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial
                        report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
                        In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the ability of the Group to
                        continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
                        concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations,
                        or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from
                        material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
                        opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
                        in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it
                        exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the
                        aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis
                        of the financial report.
                        A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial report is located at the Auditing
                        and Assurance Standards Board website at https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/
                        ar1_2020.pdf. This description forms part of our auditor’s report.

                        Report on the remuneration report

                        Our opinion on the remuneration report
                        We have audited the remuneration report included in pages 41 - 60 of the directors’ report for the year
                        ended 30 June 2022.
                        In our opinion, the remuneration report of Breville Group Limited for the year ended 30 June 2022
                        complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.




          124           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
For personal use only
                        Responsibilities
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the remuneration
                        report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an
                        opinion on the remuneration report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing
                        Standards.




                        PricewaterhouseCoopers




                        Aishwarya Chandran                                                                                 Sydney
                        Partner                                                                                     23 August 2022




                                                                                               Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   125
                        Shareholder information

                        Substantial shareholders notices as at 7 September 2022
                        Source: ASX Notices lodged




For personal use only
                                                                                                               % of issued                    Number of
                        Name                                                                               ordinary shares               ordinary shares
                        S. Lew Custodians (a)                                                                        31.96%                    43,638,384
                        Bennelong Australian Equity Partners                                                         11.30%                    15,751,615
                                                        (b)
                        Greencape Capital Pty Ltd                                                                      7.33%                   10,440,077
                        First Sentier Investors (Mitsubishi UFJ)                                                       5.92%                    8,438,588
                        Matthews International                                                                         5.14%                    7,168,480

                        (a)
                              The interests of S. Lew Custodians Pty Limited include a deemed relevant interest in the 36,499,538 shares held by Premier
                              Investments and shares held by other related parties of the group.

                        (b)
                              Greencape Capital Pty Ltd and Challenger Limited both issues substantial shareholder notices relating to the same amount and
                              holding, reflected as Greencape Capital Pty Ltd, an associated entity of Fidante Partners, which is a division of Challenger’s
                              Funds Management operation segment.



                        Distribution of shareholdings as at 7 September 2022

                                                                                                                                                 Ordinary
                        Size of holding                                                                                                      shareholders
                        1 to 1,000                                                                                                                    5,347
                        1,001 to 5,000                                                                                                                1,821
                        5,001 to 10,000                                                                                                                    267
                        10,001 to 100,000                                                                                                                  245
                        100,001 and over                                                                                                                    40
                        Total shareholders                                                                                                             7,720



                        Voting rights
                        All ordinary shares issued by Breville Group Limited carry one vote per share without restriction.




          126           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
                        Twenty largest shareholders by registered holder as at 7 September 2022




For personal use only
                        Name                                                                                                   Shares            % IC
                        Premier Investments Limited                                                                       35,761,415         25.046%
                        Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                                     28,870,745         20.220%
                        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                         27,249,160         19.085%
                        J P Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited                                                         10,972,420          7.685%
                        National Nominees Limited                                                                           3,681,164         2.578%
                        BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd <Drp>                                                                      3,295,106         2.308%
                        Gemme Italian Producers SRL                                                                         3,100,205         2.171%
                        SL Superannuation No1 Pty Ltd <SL Superannuation Fund No 1 A/C>                                     3,000,000         2.101%
                        Lew Family Investments Pty Ltd                                                                      1,891,461         1.325%
                        Lew Family Investments Ltd                                                                          1,535,718         1.076%
                        HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited <Nt-Comnwlth Super Corp A/C>                              1,285,104         0.900%
                        Premier Investments Ltd                                                                               738,123         0.517%
                        S L Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                                  711,667         0.498%
                        Mirrabooka Investments Limited                                                                        600,000         0.420%
                        Netwealth Investments Limited <Wrap Services A/C>                                                     540,448         0.379%
                        Australian Foundation Investment Company Limited                                                      455,000         0.319%
                        Carole Todd Anderson                                                                                  442,478         0.310%
                        Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited <Colonial First State Inv A/C>                                          438,426         0.307%
                        BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd Hub24 Custodial Serv Ltd <Drp A/C>                                       432,516         0.303%
                        Certane CT Pty Ltd <Breville GP ESP Alloca A/C>                                                       394,178         0.276%
                        Total                                                                                            125,395,334         87.823%




                        Unquoted equity securities as at 7 September 2022

                                                                                                                             Number           Number
                                                                                                                             on issue       of holders
                        Rights issued under the Breville Group Performance Rights Plan and Fixed
                        Deferred Remuneration Plan to take up ordinary shares                                              1,687,103*               68

                        *Number of unissued ordinary shares under the performance rights plan (LTI) and fixed deferred remuneration plan.




                                                                                                                Breville Group Limited annual report 2022   127
                        Company information

                        Directors                                        Auditors
                        Timothy Antonie                                  PricewaterhouseCoopers




For personal use only
                        (appointed Chairperson 11 November 2021)         One International Towers Sydney
                                                                         Watermans Quay
                        Non-executive Chairperson
                                                                         Barangaroo NSW 2000
                        Lawrence Myers
                        (appointed Deputy Chairperson 18 August 2021)    Bankers
                        Non-executive Deputy Chairperson
                                                                         Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited
                        Jim Clayton                                      242 Pitt Street
                        (appointed 18 August 2021)                       Sydney NSW 2000
                        Managing Director and CEO
                                                                         Company websites
                        Peter Cowan
                        Non-executive Director                           brevillegroup.com
                                                                         breville.com
                        Sally Herman                                     kambrook.com.au
                        Non-executive Director                           sageappliances.com
                                                                         chefsteps.com
                        Dean Howell
                                                                         baratza.com
                        Non-executive Director
                                                                         beanz.com
                        Kate Wright                                      lelit.com
                        Non-executive Director

                        Tim Baxter
                        (appointed 1 June 2022)
                        Non-executive Director

                        Steven Fisher
                        (resigned 11 November 2021)
                        Non-executive Chairperson

                        Company secretaries
                        Craig Robinson
                        Sasha Kitto

                        ABN
                        Breville Group Limited ABN 90 086 933 431

                        Registered office and principal place of
                        business
                        170-180 Bourke Road
                        Alexandria NSW 2015
                        (+61 2) 9384 8100

                        Share register
                        Boardroom Pty Limited
                        Level 12, 225 George St
                        Sydney NSW 2000
                        Enquiries within Australia: 1300 737 760
                        Enquiries outside Australia: (+61 2) 9290 9600
                        Website: www.boardroomlimited.com.au




          128           Breville Group Limited annual report 2022
For personal use only
                        This report is printed on ecoStar+ which is an environmentally responsible paper made carbon neutral, and
                         the fibre source is FSC Recycled certified. ecoStar+ is manufactured from 100% post consumer recycled
                          paper in a process chlorine free environment under the ISO 14001 environmental management system.

                                               Design: Design United and Buzzsaw. Print: Hogan Print
For personal use only
