2019          2019




       2019
     CONTENTS

 2   Corporate Information

 3   Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders

35   Financial Highlights

36   Review of Operations

51   Other Information

58   Independent Auditor’s Review Report

60   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

61   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other

       Comprehensive Income

62   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

64   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

66   Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

67   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

91   Glossary

92   Information for Investors
CORPORATE INFORMATION

DIRECTORS                                    AUTHORIZED
                                             REPRESENTATIVES
Ronnie C. Chan GBM (Chairman)
Weber W.P. Lo (Chief Executive Officer)      Weber W.P. Lo
Ronald J. Arculli GBM, CVO, GBS, OBE, JP *   Margaret K.M. Yan
Nelson W.L. Yuen *
Dominic C.F. Ho *                            COMPANY SECRETARY
Philip N.L. Chen #
Andrew K.C. Chan BBS, JP *                   Margaret K.M. Yan
H.K. Chang GBS, JP *
Anita Y.M. Fung BBS, JP *                    REGISTERED OFFICE
H.C. Ho (Chief Financial Officer)
Adriel W. Chan                               28th Floor
                                             Standard Chartered Bank Building
#
    Non-Executive Director
                                             4 Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong
*   Independent Non-Executive Director
                                             Tel: 2879 0111
                                             Fax: 2868 6086
AUDIT COMMITTEE

                                             INTERNET ADDRESS
Dominic C.F. Ho (Chairman)
Andrew K.C. Chan BBS, JP
                                             Website: http://www.hanglung.com
H.K. Chang GBS, JP
                                             Email: HLProperties@hanglung.com
Anita Y.M. Fung BBS, JP

                                             AUDITOR
NOMINATION AND
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                             KPMG
Ronald J. Arculli GBM, CVO, GBS, OBE, JP     Certified Public Accountants
    (Chairman)

Dominic C.F. Ho
H.K. Chang GBS, JP




2    Hang Lung Properties Limited
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

RESULTS AND DIVIDEND

Compared to the last corresponding period, revenue decreased 18% to HK$4,204 million,
which was due primarily to the lack of property sales. Net profit attributable to shareholders
fell 25% to HK$3,516 million. Earnings per share retreated similarly to HK78 cents.


Underlying net profit attributable to shareholders fell 4% to HK$2,229 million when excluding
property revaluation gain and all related effects. The corresponding earnings per share
moderated similarly to HK50 cents.


The Board has declared an interim dividend of HK17 cents per share payable on September
26, 2019 to shareholders of record on September 13, 2019.


BUSINESS REVIEW

Six months ago I wrote about the dichotomy that exists between the troubled world around us
and our Company’s bright future. The irony continues: our core business is performing rather
well and, in some cases, very well, yet the external environment has gone from bad to worse.
Six months ago, we had one problem – the China-U.S. trade war. Now we have two – the
added social turmoil in Hong Kong. This means that in both of our markets – mainland China
and Hong Kong – there are causes for concern. Yet we seem to have defied gravity. Our
Hong Kong business is steady; our Mainland operation has traded strongly, and is projected
to continue to do so for at least a further two to three years.


To be sure, the social unrest of recent weeks on Hong Kong streets will impact many
businesses sooner rather than later. Tourist arrivals are already negatively affected, which
will translate into slower retail activities. For luxury products, sales may even retreat. Unlike
our Mainland business, our retail tenants in Hong Kong mainly deal with local people’s daily
necessities. As such, we are expected to be less affected.


Like six months ago, I will begin with a review of our business before addressing the external
environment in the next section on “Prospects.”




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   3
After the initial success in the early 2000’s in Shanghai with our two malls at Plaza 66
and Grand Gateway 66, in 2005 we embarked on the second phase of our Mainland
strategy. Believing that luxury sales will sooner or later overflow from Shanghai
and Beijing into many wealthy tier-two cities, we began to buy land in the latter in
a deliberate and highly selective manner. We picked only what we believed to be
economically vibrant cities, and in them, we focused only on large tracts of land that
were centrally located for retail purposes. We were disciplined, even religious, about
this approach. We designed and constructed buildings to the highest standards, and
will hold these properties for a long period.

So far we have not seen any other company having the same strategy. We will pass
up the best located piece of land if we do not deem the city to be attractive enough.
A few years back, we worked on such a piece of land that was ultimately offered to us
at a reasonable price. The local government ardently courted us, but we eventually
turned it down because we decided at the time that there was a fair chance to buy in
more prosperous cities. We did not want to be financially or psychologically burdened
by an inferior plot in case a superior one comes along. The result was the Hangzhou
Westlake 66 piece acquired last year. Unless a city is among the top one-third or
even top quartile of all tier-two cities, we shy away. And in those cities that pass our
stringent requirements, we still do not purchase unless we believe that the land being
considered is among the best in the city – not merely the best that we can find in the
city.

For this strategy to work, strict discipline and much patience are required. We will
wait and are willing to pay more for the best piece in town. If not, we may be stuck
with a substandard piece of land. Earlier I cited the land in Hangzhou. We first visited
the city in the early 1990’s but decided to go to Shanghai instead. In 2004, we began
to look outside Shanghai in earnest and the city again appeared on our radar. From
that time onward, we had plenty of opportunities to acquire, but waited until 2018
before we acted. We believe we now have a plot that has the potential to be the
number one in the city for luxury retail and Grade A offices. In fact, we have a decent
chance to create a commercial hub in the very center of this highly prosperous city.
A downtown, if you will.

Those who have followed these writings in the past would know what I call the “real
estate genetics” for luxury malls and high-rise offices. (I first wrote about it in the
Chairman’s Letter of 2013 Annual Report. Readers can find this piece and other
previous letters on our website.) There are five “genes”, and location is the first of
them.


4   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Second, the land must be big enough.


Third, it must have a government-stipulated development brief that is conducive to building
a world-class complex. A person who does not know what a true luxury mall looks like, let
alone built one, will unlikely be able to recognize or negotiate the requisite development terms
for a particular lot. I cannot emphasize enough its importance, for this can make or break a
project. The last two “genes” are that a commercial complex must be designed right, and
constructed well.


These five genes in high-end commercial real estate – location, size, development brief,
design, and construction – are the key determinants for success. I call them “genetics”
because once a project is “born” with them, rightly or wrongly they cannot be changed. Just
as a short man can never play top-league basketball, a commercial complex with defective
genetics cannot compete. In this business, hardware is more critical than software. When
there is no competition, a development with defective genes may do fine, but once a project
with the right genes appears, the inferior one will suffer, if not die.


For three reasons I deem it necessary to repeat this concept of high-end commercial real
estate genetics. First, we have many new and potential shareholders who have never read
what was written many years ago. Second, our experience in the past few years makes me
even more convinced than ever that our approach is correct. Third, it is always safe to remind
my colleagues, old and new, about this. Although not perfect, all of our Mainland projects
nevertheless possess strong real estate genes. This was why our total rental income hardly
suffered a down year in local currency terms during the bear market of 2012–2017, and when
good days return, like now, we can outperform. Our prospects in the coming few years are
quite encouraging.


Once I took a potential American investor to visit Plaza 66 in Shanghai. At that time the
property was almost 15 years old, yet he thought that we had just opened it two or three
years ago. Now that the complex has been in business for close to 20 years, we have spent
over HK$700 million for its upgrade. Anyone visiting it today may well think that it is brand
new. This is possible because we designed the mall and office towers correctly in the 1990’s,
and constructed them well. It remains the city’s most prestigious address.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   5
Consider Center 66 in Wuxi, which opened in 2013. Recognizing in late 2011 that
the bear market was approaching, we did our best to woo as many luxury brands as
we could. We succeeded, but before some of them moved in, everyone realized how
serious the downturn was. A few of the top brands who had committed to us later
withdrew unilaterally. The mall became half-baked as the bear market lingered for
four more years. When sentiments reversed in 2018, all those who had turned their
backs on us have returned. Of course, we welcomed them with open arms.


The question is: why did they come back? Because no other mall in the city has the
proper hardware, i.e., good genetics. We knew it all along and so did the brands.
Today, there is no doubt in anyone’s mind that Center 66 is the only five-star mall in
Wuxi.


The same will be true for Parc 66 in Jinan and Olympia 66 in Dalian. Both properties
were “born” in difficult times – 2011 and 2015, respectively – especially the latter.
Consequently, the top brands already in other malls would not move over to us,
for their headquarters froze all store movements. Now that the market has turned,
it is just a matter of time for these two facilities to become their respective city’s
prominent luxury retail hub. We are convinced about this, because our properties
were designed and built correctly. They have the right genes, while no one else in
those cities has.


Compared to the last three malls mentioned above, Spring City 66 in Kunming is
much more fortunate – it is being completed amid a strong recovering market. It will
open its doors to shoppers next month, and the official inauguration will take place in
mid-2020 when all the luxury brands have moved in. So far there is little competition
in that city and so, like Plaza 66 in Shanghai, it will be born a “Home to Luxury”.




6   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Unlike tier-one metropolises, which can each support multiple stores for a fashion name,
most tier-two cities at present can only support one. Our real estate genetics ensure that we
are the home to that one store. If a brand is already present elsewhere in the city, as long
as our competitor lacks at least two of the five real estate genes, we have a good chance of
luring the brand to our place.


What if there is a competitor that also has good genes? Then we had better be the first in
the market. The experience of Forum 66 in Shenyang is a good reminder of what to avoid.
Playing second fiddle to another strong player is not pleasant. We do not want to be in that
position; that is where we want our competitors to be.


Good genetics have other benefits. For the first 15 some years, Grand Gateway 66 in
Shanghai was a four-star mall. But because it was well-located, and was designed and built
right, i.e., we had the correct hardware, eventually the top brands began to move in. Once
the mall fully reopens later this year after undergoing its Asset Enhancement Initiative (AEI), it
will be transformed into a five-star facility commanding commensurately higher rents. If faulty
genetics were hardwired in the mall back in the 1990’s when we first built it, such an upgrade
could not have been successful.


So far, Riverside 66 in Tianjin and Palace 66 in Shenyang are solid sub-luxury shopping
centers. However, both were designed and built to a specification that will allow them to
migrate upward. For the time being, we are pleased with having four-star content (i.e., the
tenants and products sold) in a five-star building. This may change one day.


In the case of Tianjin, the great majority of luxury brands were already in a huge facility
that predated us. It is a mall with a department store attached. Our performance has been
lackluster since inauguration, mainly due to the city’s weak economic performance in recent
years. The other place fared worse: the department store has long since closed down and,
together with the mall, was sold recently. Given the differential in genetics, can we one day
lure top names to Riverside 66? I think so, although it will take some time.




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   7
As for Palace 66, the district in which it is situated has been a two- to three-star
location. With our arrival and that of three or four other sizable facilities, now the area
is more like three- to four-star standard. It may take a decade or two to move up,
if it moves up at all. This is fine since we already have a luxury mall – Forum 66 – in
the same city. When we bought the land for Palace 66, we targeted the sub-luxury
market, or four-star, if you will. We have achieved that, and the retail sales figures as
well as rental revenue have increased strongly of late. In the past six months, they
grew 29% and 23%, respectively, compared to the same period a year ago. The mall
is doing what it was designed to do.


Another conviction we had in the mid-2000’s has also worked out nicely in recent
years. We believed then that, although the Grade A office market in tier-two cities
will never be as vibrant or as profitable as that in Shanghai or Beijing, nevertheless
some demand will exist. Before we built ours, there were no such quality skyscrapers
in those metropolises. Once we are there, we can easily become the market leader.
Top Mainland banks, insurance companies, and professional firms, as well as many
foreign enterprises, will always choose to rent from us. This was a reasonable
prospect then, and it is today a reality for us.


Investments in such office towers should yield a reasonable return, although they can
never match that of luxury retail space. For us, the former is always part of a bigger
complex that centers around the mall below. The two product types complement
each other. White collar footfall will fuel retail sales, and the convenience of shopping
will help attract better office tenants. The ecosystem thus created should make us
competitive overall. This is not to mention that offices are a lot easier to manage, and
their rent much steadier.


Our experiences at Forum 66 in Shenyang and Center 66 in Wuxi have proven
that our idea of almost 15 years ago was sound. Seven of our 11 locations on the
Mainland have this product type, and we are happy to do more.




8   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Beyond retail and office space, five of the 11 complexes also have a residential element.
Besides Grand Gateway 66 in Shanghai which was long completed, two are under
development (Heartland 66 in Wuhan and Center 66 in Wuxi), and plans are being drawn up
for a further two (Forum 66 in Shenyang and Spring City 66 in Kunming). We should begin to
pre-sell those in Heartland 66 in 2021. It is likely that for a few years thereafter, we will have
something to sell each year. How much profit therefrom is hard to predict at this point, but I
do expect at least some from each of the projects. An added benefit for this product class is
that cash inflow is much faster than that from investment properties. We welcome that.


As we open Conrad Shenyang at Forum 66 late next month, it is likely that at least three other
complexes – Center 66 in Wuxi, Spring City 66 in Kunming, and Westlake 66 in Hangzhou –
will also have a hotel element. They are not expected to be big money makers, but will mainly
support the offices and the shopping centers.


All in all, we are pleased that the strategy we put in place in 2003–2004 is finally bearing
tangible fruits. Believing that it will remain relevant in the coming decades, we will keep
refining it as well as expanding it. Our properties outside Shanghai will increasingly contribute
a higher percentage of total profit. I am convinced that what we have seen is merely the first
fruit; the full harvest has yet to come, and when it does, it will continue for some time. Both
rent and profit therefrom will grow.


Moreover, our Mainland strategy is quite resilient. During the very tough years of 2012–2017,
our top and bottom lines from retail space, both inside and outside Shanghai, hardly had a
down year. What brought about this resilience and what gives us the confidence now for a
bright future, as long as the Chinese society remains calm? Why are we relatively sanguine
in the face of a trade war between China and the U.S.? In the past, I presented on and off
the many positive features of our strategy in a somewhat unique industry. Here I would like
to present them in a more systematic fashion. It is not easy to find another business like
investing in high-end commercial real estate for the long term.




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   9
This should not surprise long-term readers of this letter, but let me once again state
in one sentence what our strategy is: TO DEVELOP IN ECONOMICALLY VIBRANT
CHINESE CITIES, AND TO OWN AND MANAGE FOR LONG-TERM RENTAL
WORLD-CLASS COMMERCIAL COMPLEXES, ANCHORED AROUND A LUXURY
OR SUB-LUXURY MALL THAT IS THE NUMBER ONE IN ITS MARKET SEGMENT.
The phrase “world-class” implies possessing all five real estate genes mentioned
above. Namely, the location must be among the best in the city, the complex must
be sizable, the development brief for the piece must be acceptable, and the design
and construction are both good and reasonable.


With this in mind, we can consider the strategy that we have adopted from two
perspectives: the external markets that we have chosen, and the business model that
we have devised. I will move from the macro to the micro, that is, from the market to
the company. They are first presented in an outline form, and then I will comment on
each point. This is critical to the understanding of our Company.


A. Market Factors


      1.    The Chinese retail market is huge, and its future is relatively certain


      2.    The overall Chinese consumer spending is advancing much faster than her
            GDP


      3.    Our chosen market segment is rising particularly fast


      4.    Competition is light


      5.    Growth in our market niche should last for at least another 30 to 40 years




10   Hang Lung Properties Limited
B. Business Model Factors


    1.   Our business model is unlikely replaceable by technology or other business models


    2.   We have long-dated hard assets with little obsolescence and flexible usage


    3.   We are only capital intensive, not labor, technology or regulation intensive, nor single
         commodity dependent


    4.   We enjoy quality recurrent income which is dependable and growing steadily


    5.   Our profitability is quite predictable


    6.   We can have relatively high investment returns


    7.   Considerable capital appreciation is possible but usually goes unnoticed


    8.   Our market position is defendable


    9.   Management is not dependent on any individual, but on a team within an ecosystem
         buttressed by corporate culture


    10. Our business model is conceptually simple but extremely difficult to execute


Each of these 15 points needs some explanation. In the past, I have expounded on many,
some at considerable length, but not on all of them. I refer readers to my previous Letters
to Shareholders of this Company and those of our majority shareholder Hang Lung Group
Limited. They can be found on our websites. As such, I will be somewhat succinct here.




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   11
It is superfluous to repeat how big the consumer market in China is. With a middle-
class population estimated to be about 300 million and growing fast, it is, or soon will
be, the world’s single largest group of shoppers. Even in absolute dollar terms, the
amount available for spending is among the highest on earth.


Today it seems that nothing is certain in the world anymore, and this includes the
economy. Hardly any business anywhere can be spared from uncertainty. If anything
is relatively sure, it is the continuous rise in China’s consumer spending. Even the
present trade war between the U.S. and China cannot stop it. In fact, it will help.
As the country’s exports slow down, Beijing must put in more effort to stimulate its
domestic market. This is exactly what we have witnessed since Donald Trump moved
into the White House.


This is why I have said in the past that our Company can be considered a retail-
related company as much as a real estate concern. Providing physical space for retail
transactions to take place is a critical step in the entire merchandising chain.


Since we are in the most hard assets intensive part of that chain, the number of
malls we can own is of necessity limited. This is why we can hardly afford to have a
failed mall, or even a weak one. We also must stay at the higher value-added end
of the market spectrum. To put it in colloquial terms, we want our malls to be selling
expensive goods with rich profit margins, so that our retailers are able to pay us
higher rents. We certainly do not like to be at the other end: building big boxes that
house the likes of hypermarkets where the profit margins are extremely thin. They
can hardly pay a reasonable rent, let alone a high one.


Moreover, there are many people who know how to construct such unimaginative
matchboxes. Their game is basically a financial one. But to build sophisticated malls
that sell luxury products to discerning shoppers is another story. It is a complicated
endeavor which requires a tremendous amount of knowledge and experience.




12   Hang Lung Properties Limited
For the past 20 some years, several Mainland companies have tried but very few succeeded.
The reasons are simple: they are unaware of the real estate genetics needed for such
properties, not recognizing their significance, or incapable of abiding by them. Anyone who
respects and adheres to the five genes in real estate genetics cannot help but win, as long
as he or she is the first in the market. Frankly, most cities are eagerly waiting for the arrival of
such quality malls.


The luxury and sub-luxury segments in the mall business in which we play are not a
particularly big part in the overall Chinese consumer real estate market, but are particularly
fast-growing. If the past 30 years saw a tremendous increase in the sheer quantity of goods
consumed, the next 30 will see the improvement in the quality of products. The question
today for most Chinese city dwellers is no longer whether or not you own, but what you own.
Many will migrate from how much you own to how superior the things you own. The latter is
related to our business.


Now we come to a point that is surprising to many: Competition is light (A4 in the Outline
above). Careless analysts complain that China is overbuilt with shopping centers. Not exactly.
Admittedly there is a glut of low-end or nondescript malls in many cities, but that is not what
we build. As Mr. Deng Xiaoping, the architect of China’s economic reform, once said: it is
glorious for some to become wealthy first. We tailor our malls only to those who become
wealthy first; we specialize in four- or five-star retail centers. How many cities in all of China
have at least one luxury mall that is akin to those that we develop? I doubt if the number is
larger than 20, and we are in nine of them.


Yet, there are 121 metropolises in China that have a population of over a million (the
equivalent number in the U.S. is nine), 92 with over 3 million, 78 with over 5 million, and
13 with more than 10 million. The purchasing power in tier-one cities – Beijing, Shanghai,
Guangzhou, and Shenzhen – is very strong indeed, and the best tier-two cities, like Hangzhou
and Wuhan, are growing fast. We have been doing business in the Mainland for 28 years and
are only in nine today. I estimate that given our present strategy, there are at least 20 more
metropolises where we will consider developing.




                                                                          Hang Lung Properties Limited   13
On the supply side, from what I can tell, so far only a few companies have a track
record of being capable of developing luxury malls like ours. Most of them, including
ourselves, are from Hong Kong. Many of the other firms who build cheaper products
are not a direct concern to us, for we play in different market segments.


The reality in the marketplace is, whereas there is an overbuilding of two- or three-
star malls in certain tier-two cities, there is a dearth of high-end ones in most of them.
This is not unlike the difference between a 50-square-meter apartment (which is
larger than the median size dwelling in Hong Kong) and a 500-square-meter house.
Both are residential, but the oversupply in one category can never meet or replace
the demand for the other. The rationale is simple and obvious, yet one may be
surprised by how many analysts have told me that they worry about the abundance
of retail space in China somehow affecting our business. This is simply foolishness.


One final point on market factors: some researchers believe that, due to China’s
extraordinary population size and her relationship, geographic or otherwise, between
various regions therein, the country’s continuous growth and development should
last three times that of smaller economies. But for the sake of conservatism, let us
just treat China like everyone else.


In almost all Asian countries, after achieving certain wealth, their citizens begin to
seek luxury fashion items like those sold in our malls. Japan was the first, and the
Tokyo Olympic Games in 1964 was usually taken as a symbol of the country joining
the ranks of developed nations. From around that time, the Japanese began to
consume high-end goods. The market has remained strong for over 50 years, and
so far there are no signs of waning. Many top brands today still single out Japan as a
separate region, while the rest of Asia is combined as the other Asian region.


Hong Kong became affluent in the mid-1970’s, so its luxury goods market has
been growing for 40 some years. Similarly, such products have been selling well in
Singapore, South Korea, and Thailand for over 30 years. The markets in all these
places are still growing strongly.




14   Hang Lung Properties Limited
The question at hand is: what about mainland China? Plaza 66 in Shanghai was one of the
earliest luxury malls that sell expensive items in the entire country. It has been in business just
shy of 20 years. It is thus reasonable to expect that under normal circumstances, the market
still has at least 30 to 40 years to go, if not much longer. This should mean that our malls will
be kept busy for many decades to come.


Now let me turn from market factors to those relating to our chosen business model, i.e.,
the 10 points under B in the Outline. First, good physical retail space will not be replaced by
technology such as e-commerce. In previous years, I wrote at length about this so will only
summarize here.


Everyone knows what a souk is – it is a marketplace common in the Middle East and North
Africa. Some of them have existed for over a millennium, and are still with us today. They
may have been modernized somewhat, but the concept is exactly the same today as they
once were. Recently I revisited one in Istanbul which has been there for hundreds of years.
Generations of new technology and related business models have not displaced the souks –
mail order, catalog sales, telephone ordering, and now, the Internet. Instead, most of those
once new sales channels have all but disappeared, but the souks are still with us. After all,
human beings are social animals who need to and want to physically interact with each
other. The souk of the old days was not just a place to buy and sell but also a place for social
interactions. Today, the modern souk is called a mall.


In the past few years, the market has discovered that e-commerce and physical stores
actually complement each other. For each product class in a particular market, sooner or
later a dynamic equilibrium will be reached between the two channels of sales. Although
e-commerce started in the West, it has grown a lot faster in China. The annual sales volume
of Alibaba or even JD.com far exceeds that of their Western counterparts. The phenomenon
is particularly acute in tier-three and tier-four Chinese cities where traditional distribution and
sales channels are not as well-developed.


On the other hand, there has been an overbuilding of retail space in the U.S. with a per capita
square meter of over 2.2, whereas in Asia, the number is around 1.0, and in Europe, between
0.2 and 0.5. So in the past few years when e-commerce finally hit the American market big
time, many shopping centers had to close down. Some analysts still believe that everything
in the West is more advanced, and therefore think that this is the end of physical stores
everywhere in the world. One even suggested that one should sell all the stocks of companies
that own physical retail assets anywhere. What hubris and what ignorance!



                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited   15
The reality is that Chinese mall operators like us have had to live in the past two
decades with powerful e-commerce companies like Alibaba and JD.com. In most
product categories, an equilibrium has been reached for some years. In fact, many
retailers who started their businesses selling on the Internet learned that they need to
have a physical presence. Because of the lingering mistrust by the general public on
many products sold electronically, having a physical store can help boost the brand’s
credibility. The result is that the unit price of its goods can be as much as 20% higher
if it has prominent shops in well-located and widely respected malls.


Needless to say, such brands will not open too many physical stores. They only want
to be where their brand value can be enhanced by the prestige of the address, and
the association with respectable neighboring retailers within a mall. More often than
not, Hang Lung’s properties become their first choice. This is another reason, albeit a
minor one, to always position our facilities as the number one in a particular market.


That said, obviously we are very respectful of e-commerce. It is a serious
phenomenon that will change the way we live, if not just the way we shop. Some
products are more vulnerable than others to the threats from this new sales channel.
Fortunately, another decision we made as early as the 1990’s has protected us well
even in this regard. We decided long ago that we do not want to be in the low-end of
the retail business. Luxury retail properties are far less affected by e-commerce.


To be fair, there was no e-commerce in the 1990’s, so we could not have known
about this added benefit. All we knew then was that the sellers of goods that
command richer profit margins have a better ability to pay higher rent. Now everyone
understands that in general, the higher the price point of an item, the less likely it
is for people to buy it through the Internet. High-end fashion, exquisite jewelry, and
expensive watches, for example, would hardly be sold on the Internet. Potential
buyers may first study them electronically, but transactions are physically carried out
after careful product inspection in tastefully crafted stores in luxury malls like ours.




16   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Having established that our business model can hardly be upended by technological
advances, a corollary is that there is little obsolescence in our malls as long as they are
designed wisely and built adequately. They are also long-dated assets: once constructed,
they will continue to produce income for decades to come (Point B2 on the Outline). Only
regular maintenance and periodic freshen up are required.


The latter was exactly what we have done with our two Shanghai complexes. Approximately
17 to 18 years after inauguration, we spent a total of over HK$1.5 billion to upgrade them.
This included the employment of the latest technologies to both enhance revenue and reduce
operating cost. In the case of the mall at Plaza 66, we saw two successful years of double-
digit growth in rental revenue after its AEI. The “new” property should go on strongly for
another two decades before it needs another new lease on life. The cost of such an AEI is
minor compared to the building’s original cost.


One characteristic of our developments that is not of immediate value, but should
nevertheless be mentioned, is that they are flexible. They are invariably built to the highest
standards. If for whatever reason the high-end retail market for which these developments
were originally built somehow diminishes, we can always adapt them for less prestigious
purposes. A five-star mall can be converted into a two- or three-star one but not vice versa.
Similarly, a mall design can be easily adjusted to fit a department store, but a structure built
for a department store can never be used as a mall. Many in China have tried the latter
and failed. All our properties have this versatility, although I do not foresee a time when this
flexibility would be called upon.


Another beauty of our business model is that it is only capital intensive, a point to which I will
return (Point B3 in the Outline). Other than this, it is not labor intensive, technology intensive
or regulation intensive. Moreover, it is not beholden to any single commodity whose price
may fluctuate greatly, like oil or gas. In this respect, if the airline business is one of the worst
in the world (which I believe it is), ours must be among the best. I always believe in parsimony
– all else being equal, the simpler the better and the fewer moving parts the better. There is
less chance of things going wrong. I am happy to work in a business that is intensive in only
one dimension, i.e., capital. Hang Lung can handle this and has handled it well.




                                                                          Hang Lung Properties Limited   17
There are many other virtues of our business model that are, one way or another,
finance-related. They affect profitability (see B4 to B7 in the Outline). Apart from
the periodic sales of expensive serviced apartments in certain projects of ours, we
basically rely on quality recurrent income. Since we are invariably the best or among
the best commercial complexes in a city, our tenants, both for the mall and for the
offices (if the project has the latter), are among the most prestigious that can be had.
For example, our office tenants read like the Who’s Who of Chinese and international
businesses. Their ability to pay rent even in tough economic environment is far
better than the less solid renters. Such companies are also less likely to disappear
overnight.


Since our revenue is rather dependable once the buildings are leased up, and since
expenses are not difficult to estimate, profitability becomes quite predictable. Putting
aside new projects where land acquisition done in our way can be sporadic, the
steady-state condition of our Company should be transparent to anyone who cares
to study us. With this as a base, one can make reasonable assumptions about the
addition of new developments, and the future of our Company’s profitability can be
approximated.


Having completed eight complexes on the Mainland, and with three more on the
way, we have a pretty good idea of the life cycle of large new projects in terms of
profit growth from inception to steady-state, adjusting for the stage of the economic
cycle as well as the local competitive landscape. Such “predictability” cannot be said
for most other industries or businesses.


To add to all these favorable elements is perhaps the ultimate attraction: our business
model is capable of producing reasonably high investment returns to those who
respect the five real estate genes. We accomplished this in Shanghai, and are now
emulating it elsewhere.


Ten years after completing the two Shanghai projects, we have achieved a blended
unleveraged gross rental return on the original cost at slightly over 30%. The number
is much higher for the retail space, but that for the offices is also very rewarding. By
the time we did the AEI, it has reached over 45%. The cost of the AEI has brought
it down by a few points, but approximately three years after the onset of AEI, the
gross return has recovered its high watermark. Its 19 years in business included the
six-year severe downturn of 2012–2017. It was certainly not a straight upward line;
neither can we expect it in the coming decades.


18   Hang Lung Properties Limited
When will the rental return stop growing and what is the limit? Due to the characteristics of
the market, office yield can be capped. But for the mall, one can say the sky is the limit. Since
our rental margin is at or close to 90%, net return is also very high. Moreover, this does not
take into consideration the tremendous capital appreciation we already enjoy and will enjoy.


Obviously the same cannot be expected elsewhere. In Shanghai, we caught the opening
of the entire country to quality goods in the early 2000’s; outside Shanghai, we are only
benefitting from the economic rise of the metropolitan area plus the surrounding region, which
can include the entire province. In other words, the catchment area of Shanghai in the past
was much bigger than that enjoyed by tier-two cities today.


There is another reason why our properties outside Shanghai will grow more slowly. Our six
existing facilities all opened immediately before or during the six-year bear market of 2012–
2017, where negative growth was the industry norm. For practical purposes, we might as
well reset the clock to begin in 2018. Our next two complexes – Spring City 66 in Kunming
and Heartland 66 in Wuhan – do not have this problem. They will open in the next 12 months
in a bull market.


Here, several related points are worth mentioning. They all affect the return calculations.


First, the rental margin of Plaza 66 in Shanghai today stands at 90%. This figure converts the
gross rental return to a net rental yield, which is still amazingly high. Although we probably
can further improve the margin somewhat, it may not be wise to do so. Maintaining the facility
in tip-top condition for our tenants and shoppers is much more important than shaving a
point or two in rental margin. Grand Gateway 66 can achieve a similar figure, but is for now in
a temporarily lull due to its AEI.


Outside Shanghai, various market and regulatory dynamics will render it unlikely for us to
achieve such high margins. But can we reach 70%-75%? I think so. Compared to most other
businesses, this number is already very attractive. Needless to say, the earlier we get there,
the more profitable a project will be.




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   19
A second point is that the rental return figures above are on an unleveraged basis.
I can hardly believe that any commercial real estate concern, no matter how small,
would use no debt, let alone one of our size. Indeed, for over a decade beginning in
the mid-2000’s, Hang Lung was basically debt-free. It was a unique situation which
is not easily replicable. Before the Asian Financial Crisis of 1997–2002, we prepared
ourselves well for it, and afterwards wisely bought land in Hong Kong in the absence
of competition. We also timed our sales well to maximize profit. Consequently, we
were cash-rich. We began to buy land outside Shanghai in 2005, which coincided
with the beginning of a period of zero debt for more than a decade. About three
years ago we started to have some debt, although our gearing today is still rather low
by the industry standard. Even with moderate leverage, our investment return can
rise further.


A third point is that the rental return figures are calculated based on the original
cost. The land price however is not all paid on day one, and the total cost including
construction is usually expended over six to seven years, starting with the first land
payment until soon after the opening of the building.


By now, my readers may agree with me that our business can generate attractive
returns. At steady-state, each development is like an annuity where income usually
grows over time. The rate of increase should more or less reflect the rise of consumer
spending in the country. After two to three decades of double-digit growth, today the
Chinese still spend 8%-9% more each year. Unlike in developed economies where
private consumption accounts for over 60% of GDP, this number in China is only in
the low to mid-40’s. There is much room to grow, and so our “annuity” will become
even more valuable over time.


Finally, there are two financial gains that are not captured by the rental return
numbers. First, although not the mainstay of our strategy, for those developments
that have serviced apartments, the sales of these units will bring extra profit and
faster cash flow. In the order of their time to market, the four complexes in this category
are Heartland 66 in Wuhan, Center 66 in Wuxi, Forum 66 in Shenyang, and Spring
City 66 in Kunming. All these units are for sale and are projected to be profitable. The
only exception is Grand Gateway 66 in Shanghai with two residential towers and one
block of serviced apartments. There is no present plan to sell them.




20   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Another somewhat hidden financial gain is capital appreciation, which is also my next point
in the Outline (B7). Seldom has any analyst focused on this. The fact is that, compared
to our competitors, our land cost is cheap and our developments command the highest
unit rent in their respective markets. Our properties are considered the most prestigious
in their respective city with a bright future. Yet the cap rates used to revaluate our assets
semi-annually are among the highest in the industry. The fact of the matter is: give me a
2% cap rate and I will not sell our commercial properties, yet some inferior buildings in our
neighborhood are transacting at not much more than that level.


Many investors probably do not pay much attention to revaluation gain, or deem it
unimportant. What should be pointed out is that such asset appreciation is as much the fruits
of our labor as it is windfalls from a rising market. When evaluating the worth of this Company,
such factors should be taken into consideration.


Point B8 says that once a luxury mall achieves market leadership, that position is quite
defendable. There are at least two reasons why a high-end retail facility must be the number
one in its market. First, as I have written in years past, the investment return for the market
leader usually far exceeds that of the runner-up. Tier-one metropolises can afford multiple
stores, as can some tier-two ones such as Wuhan, Hangzhou, and possibly Shenyang. In
other places, prestigious brands will congregate in one best mall. They do not want to be the
odd one out – stuck somewhere alone in an inferior property.


There is, however, another reason to be number one. Once a top luxury mall has achieved
the top spot in the market, it is very difficult for others to dislodge it. In other words, its
preeminence is relatively easy to defend. Of course, this assumes that such a facility has
good genes. If it does not but has gained market prominence merely because it was the first
in the market, or because all competitors are also weak genetically, then its position is still
vulnerable. When someone like us with strong genes comes along, the former leader can be
displaced. We have seen this in Palace 66 in Shenyang, Center 66 in Wuxi, and Spring City
66 in Kunming. We are also beginning to witness it in several of our other developments.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   21
The penultimate point (B9 in the Outline) relates to management. What makes our
business model work is not because of any single leader, nor is it dependent on any
individual. It is teamwork within a particular ecosystem that entails a certain corporate
culture. Before the mid-2010’s, our Chief Executive Officer was Mr. Nelson Yuen,
now an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company. He and I together
conceived this model in the 2000’s and gradually developed it. His successor Mr.
Philip Chen, now a Non-Executive Director, quickly recognized its virtues and fully
embraced it. We refined the model and built the organizational infrastructure that
brought us to where we are today. A year ago, Mr. Weber Lo, our present Chief
Executive Officer, took over. Just like Philip before him, he understood the model’s
value and is now executing it. Like Nelson, Philip or Weber, any intelligent person with
good general management experience and a controlled ego can do the job. Before
joining Hang Lung, Nelson was an accountant, Philip was the head of two airlines,
and Weber came from a consumer products background followed by banking. All of
them are good leaders of this Company, past or present.


The second half of the 2000’s and the first few years of the 2010’s was the time
when this business model began to take shape. A number of our then senior
colleagues could not adapt to the new organizational changes. For example, some
could not get used to the teamwork that was required of them and left. Because our
Company was then a darling among local real estate counters on the stock exchange
– we outperformed almost everyone between 2002 and 2012 – our former senior
staff became desirable commodities in the job market. Companies in Hong Kong
and the Mainland quickly snapped them up. They thought that our former colleagues
could replicate for them our business model. On the one hand, we were gratified
that they were apparently being held in high regard by our competitors. On the other
hand, we gradually observed that none of them was able to replicate our success.


This brings me to the last point in the Outline (B10) – conceptually, this business
model is very simple, but in practice, it is extraordinarily difficult to execute. I like its
simplicity – what is so challenging to develop, own, and manage large and high-end
commercial complexes? It seems a lot easier than many manufacturing operations. If
so, simple economic principles would dictate that there must be many competitors,
especially in light of the relatively high investment returns and other attractive
characteristics. Why then are there only so very few that are successful in this fast-
growing niche market?




22   Hang Lung Properties Limited
As mentioned above, this model works only under a particular mindset or mental ecosystem
that is supported by a certain culture. One must be able to consistently focus on the long
term. While recognizing the need to report semi-annual profits as a public company and pay
dividends, management must avoid making critical decisions that may produce immediate
results at the expense of our long-term prospects. We respect every shareholder, but we
are not here to please every one of them. We particularly like those who share our long-term
horizon in doing business.


The more senior a person becomes in this Company, the more patience is required of him or
her. At the operational level, of course our staff must meet short-term deadlines. For example,
we cannot let construction drag on for it costs money – higher interest payments and delayed
rental inflow. A project staff of managerial grade must also be able to deliver timely results.
But this is different at the senior level. For example, a senior person must not make design
decisions that will quickly render our buildings obsolete, or choose construction materials that
are not durable or not easily maintained in the long run.


Then at the top level, our executives must be prepared to wait, not just for months, but at
times for years. For example, I first visited Hangzhou for business in the early 1990’s. After
choosing Shanghai instead, we stopped looking at Hangzhou until 2004. For the ensuing
14 years, we studied most of the better land pieces and rejected all until last year. We finally
found a plot that possesses the five real estate genes. During almost the entire 14-year wait,
we were cash-rich. With money on hand, it became even more difficult not to buy, but we
resisted the temptation.


What if our waiting was in vain, namely no suitable land surfaces? My answer is: at least we
would not be stuck with substandard land. China is big and there will always be opportunities,
if not in one city, then in another.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   23
Having a long-term outlook also implies the necessity of persistence. For example, it
does take us longer to finalize a design scheme. No one is smart enough to quickly
come up with an optimal solution that takes nearly all things, including those that
may happen many years down the road, into account. It is an iterative process where
each edition improves upon the last one. There are always issues that have not been
considered before, so persistence is required to find them and keep improving on
them. When to stop? When the marginal utility becomes smaller than the marginal
input.


We do not build to sell, for once sold, the building with all its present and future
defects will be someone else’s worry. We build to hold for the long term. This means
we have to live with the problems we have created for ourselves for not being careful
and thorough in the design phase. For our strategy to work well, everyone on the
team must be long-term minded and quality conscious.


Teamwork, as mentioned earlier, is also required. When architects and engineers
design something, the user must also be brought in from the beginning. The leasing
team, who will have to live with the building for decades to come, must have valuable
input. The perspectives of the user can often be diametrically opposite to those of the
planner.


Because of the long cycle in real estate which usually lasts six to eight years, waiting
becomes inevitable. Only then can one always do the right thing at the right point
in the cycle. The history of our industry, in both the East and the West, teaches us
the same thing: investors must learn to wait to be successful. Those who do not will
sooner or later get caught by the bear market. Cash flow problems will follow and
bankruptcy is highly probable.


In order to wait, discipline is also required. These two are severe tests for a developer
(or investor). Without them, one can never adhere to the five real estate genes.
Waiting can be frustrating, but one must learn to sit on his or her itchy hands. It
is easy to pay lip service to these cardinal principles of the industry but lip service
means little. A friendly competitor once announced publicly that he would adopt the
Hang Lung model. I could have told you the outcome that day.




24   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Obviously we do not have the only winning model. We have one – and a very good one at
that – which no one has been able to replicate successfully, and we know why. The past
27 years (counting from the time we bought land in Shanghai for Grand Gateway 66 in
December 1992) have shown us that this model works and should continue to do so. We are
far from perfect; we are still learning every day.


That said, no business model is free of problems. Neither is ours. It has a serious flaw which
also serves as a huge barrier to entry. It requires a massive amount of capital, most of which
upfront. Anyone who does not already possess a solid financial base should not even begin.
And of those with a strategy similar to ours – building large commercial complexes for long-
term hold – and which have been successful, all have strong financial wherewithal before
venturing into this business.


In our case, our Hong Kong development projects brought in a lot of cash in the 2000’s,
which launched us onto this path. Our initial rental success in Shanghai in the early part of
that decade provided confidence as well as cash flow for dividend payments. This enabled us
to use the Hong Kong development profit to venture outside Shanghai. The rest is history.


An interesting and meaningful point here is that such a strategy is particularly suited to
business groups controlled by a family, even when the company is publicly traded on a
stock exchange. This is indeed the case with all our successful competitors. In each case,
the company is in the hands of a family, and the Mainland entity is an SOE (State-Owned
Enterprise) where the government plays that role. Although all of us are publicly listed, the
security of having a controlling shareholder enables management to look at the long term.


Not only is this business heavy upfront in capital deployment, payback also comes slowly.
Each development usually takes slightly over a decade from land acquisition to maturity.
Adding new projects will continue to consume capital and push back the date of achieving
full harvest. It takes time for an income stream to build up, but once steady-state is achieved
(assuming that there are no more new projects, which is unrealistic in China), it is very
consistent.




                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited   25
After having observed the Asian stock markets for decades, and having been a
participant therein, I think I know the pitfalls of family-controlled entities. The Hong
Kong Stock Exchange has many such companies. In spite of the rather stringent
regulations, including stock exchange rules, a few of them may have mistreated
minority shareholders. These activities should be minimized. However, let us not
throw out the baby with the bath water. This genre of publicly listed entities has
definite advantages and unique strengths. Whether run by family members directly,
or by professional managers with the oversight of the controlling shareholder,
management is basically free from the possibility of being replaced. This enables the
top executives to take a real long-term view and create something meaningful for
society. Hang Lung is one in this category.


What if Hang Lung were not controlled by a family, and what if I were just a hired
gun? I took over the chairmanship in 1991 after the Company had underperformed
for two decades. It was not until 2001 or 2002 that we began to outperform, and the
winning streak ended in 2012. Would the investment public have given me 10 years
to turn the Company around if I did not represent the controlling shareholder? I doubt
it.


Of the major local real estate firms, we were among the earlier ones to invest in the
Mainland beginning in 1992. Our strategy was unique then: we acquired land much
larger than that of our fellow Hong Kong developers at that point. It was a big bet,
and we bought two huge pieces in the same city, Shanghai. Signs of success did
not begin to surface until approximately 2001 or 2002, a full decade since we began.
Would shareholders have waited that long, or would they have kicked me out?
Perhaps the latter, but I will never know.


Then, before the Asian Financial Crisis which began in 1997, Hang Lung did in Hong
Kong the exact opposite of the prevailing beliefs of that time. Everyone was rushing
to expand their land banks. Instead, we sold investment properties and hoarded
cash. We raised it in every way we knew how. That took place before our Shanghai
venture had any signs of success. Again, what did the investors think?




26   Hang Lung Properties Limited
As noted earlier, our shares performed superbly between 2002 and 2012 relative to our
competitors. But when Beijing’s anti-corruption campaign began, the market turned south
and so did our stocks. We had a cold winter for six years. Our scrip only recovered when
2019 approached. During those few years, we had to fix many internal issues caused
mainly by rapid expansion. Without a controlling family, shareholders might have pushed
management to take short-term measures purely for the sake of the share price, but would
have diminished the long-term prospects of the Company. We might not have the opportunity
to reap the benefits as we are now beginning to do. I might even have been fired!


Now let me turn to the performance of the immediate past. We turned in a set of satisfactory
results for the first six months of this year. The most encouraging aspect is that the prospects
of the Company are rather favorable. Signs that are pointing in that direction are now clearly
seen.


Plaza 66 in Shanghai continued to trade well after its AEI. In RMB terms, retail sales increased
15%, and mall rental income 11%. These were accomplished following two years of strong
growth, which established a high base. Since Grand Gateway 66 is undergoing an extensive
upgrade, I will exclude it from the following discussion. Suffice it to say here that once its AEI is
completed, I expect the same pleasing results as that experienced in Plaza 66.


Compared to the same period a year ago, all Mainland retail properties outside Shanghai
advanced in retail sales and rental revenue. For tenant sales, the following malls saw their
numbers jumped: Palace 66 in Shenyang, Olympia 66 in Dalian, and Center 66 in Wuxi
rose 29%, 27%, and 25%, respectively. Rental increases for the three properties were
23%, 30%, and 26%, respectively. Parc 66 in Jinan, which has always performed steadily,
advanced 11% and 12% on these two measures. Even the two weaker complexes, Forum
66 in Shenyang and Riverside 66 in Tianjin, recorded positive growth of 2%-3% each. Rental
margin and occupancy everywhere improved, except at Riverside 66 which is undergoing a
major tenant remixing.


All our offices on the Mainland performed satisfactorily. The two latest towers, one each at
Forum 66 in Shenyang and Center 66 in Wuxi, achieved about 90% occupancy. Unit rents
remain steady.




                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited   27
All the numbers above are in local RMB terms. Its value however fell 6% against our
reporting currency, the Hong Kong Dollar, in the six-month period under review. So
whereas our Mainland total rental rose 7% – 4% in Shanghai and 14% outside – in
Hong Kong Dollar terms, it only advanced by 1%.


It is worthy to note the fact that rental growth outside Shanghai is now faster than
that in Shanghai. When Grand Gateway 66 reopens fully next year, the situation may
change. If Plaza 66 after its AEI is any indication, then a double-digit growth may
last for at least two to three years. Whatever the case, I will not be surprised if in the
next, say, five years, organic percentage growth outside Shanghai will be stronger
than that in Shanghai. Coupled with new space opening – the second office tower of
Center 66 in Wuxi next month, the mall and office of Spring City 66 in Kunming in the
next month or two, and of Heartland 66 in Wuhan early next year – the rents arising
from outside Shanghai will become more significant.


There were no surprises in Hong Kong: rents increased 3%. Together with the rise in
Mainland leasing revenue (which was greatly affected by the devaluation of the RMB),
overall rental growth was 2%.


We only sold one house at Blue Pool Road, but completion will not occur until the
second half of the year. We also parted with 100 car parking spaces in Hong Kong.
The transaction will not close until later, so no profit is recognized in this reporting
period. The sale is in line with our policy to recycle our assets – selling older mature
properties and deploying the cash in higher potential ones, be they in Hong Kong or
on the Mainland.


Interest expenses would have been not much less than the year before. However,
due to a change in accounting rules, it has all but disappeared. Gross revaluation
gain was about a billion dollars less than the prior year.


The combined effect of the above is that net profit attributable to shareholders was
25% lower than last year at HK$3,516 million. The lack of development profit and
the modest revaluation gain were the primary reasons. When the latter is taken out,
the underlying number is down 4% to HK$2,229 million. The underlying net profit
attributable to shareholders from property leasing alone was up 25%.




28   Hang Lung Properties Limited
PROSPECTS

The China-U.S. trade dispute continues with no end in sight. As I have said from the
beginning, the day there will be a deal is the day when U.S. President Trump needs one.
Apparently he has not gotten to that point.


To a careful observer of the process, one cannot help but come to the conclusion that it is
somewhat of a farce. With the press hanging on to every tweet of President Trump, he is
pulling strings at whim, while blaming the Chinese every step of the way. One day he would
announce that the two sides are close to a deal, only to say a few days later that the Chinese
have pulled away. A month or two later, he would repeat the game while dragging the global
stock markets with his antics. Frankly, he is fooling everyone – the Chinese, the U.S. public,
the world, the media, and the stock market.


On May 8, the famed columnist Martin Wolf wrote in the Financial Times that the American
offer on the table then was nothing less than an unequal treaty à la those of the 19th century
imposed on China by the Western powers. There was no way that Beijing could have
accepted it, and Washington, D.C. knew it. Another renowned European journalist friend told
me recently that Steve Bannon, although out of office, admitted that fact to him. This meant
Washington, D.C. had no intention at this stage to conclude a deal. Trump was merely using
the process to gain political points at home for his upcoming re-election, while his cronies like
Bannon got what they wanted – to give Beijing hell in order to contain China.


Is China that desperate for a deal, such that she does not mind being played in the
international arena? Will history not show this to be a kind of humiliation, not unlike the
unequal treaties of years past? Given that, it is possible that Beijing will wake up one day and
harden her position. If the U.S. continues to overplay her hand, China may even walk away.
Trump, I assume, understands that. Since he too sooner or later needs a deal for his re-
election, the earlier Beijing is willing to walk away, the sooner we may see a deal.




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   29
Will the ultimate treaty be substantially better than what the U.S. is getting before?
I have my doubts. Perhaps marginally better, just like the fact that the latest trade
agreements with Canada and Mexico were not much better for the U.S. than the
original NAFTA. Trump gained political kudos, and a few other trading partners
elsewhere in the world lost some, while the three parties involved (the U.S., Canada,
and Mexico) reshuffled slightly their relative positions to each other. What the U.S.
really gained was a strengthened image as a bully; what she lost was the reputation as
a credible partner.


For China, I have long stated that Beijing is quite willing to trade something away. This
way Trump can claim victory in front of the media. Will China be able to withstand the
pain? No problem, but let us not forget that there are real costs to the Americans as
well. Their consumers may be the first to be hit, but the pain will not stop there. U.S.
companies, and therefore the economy, will also suffer. There are usually no winners
in trade wars, but there may be one this time – Trump, apparently.


I wrote six months ago that the Chinese are much more prepared for the worst. The
U.S. was not so at that time, and neither is she today. The huge increase in subsidies
to American farmers is just the beginning. Other short-term measures to ease the
pain may well create much more serious long-term problems.


The bottom line is that China will speed up the diversification of her markets as
well as her technology sources away from the U.S. She will also upgrade her
industries faster. These moves are actually advantageous to the country’s long-term
competitiveness, and exactly what America does not like to see. The U.S., on the
other hand, will isolate herself more from the global market. Her credibility and moral
leadership in the world will be greatly eroded further. This is the price of Trump’s
personal victory. To me, this is sad!


How will this affect our business? On balance, not bad. What I wrote before will soon
come to pass. Beijing has redoubled her efforts to stimulate domestic spending. In
April, private consumption dipped a little, but by June, it has rebounded strongly. We
will see what the coming months will hold.




30   Hang Lung Properties Limited
But one thing is certain: luxury products are at present selling well. Our own experience
is substantiated by pronouncements as well as sales figures of the world’s top fashion
companies. China now accounts for some 30% to 40% of their global sales. Whereas I am
sure that this market, like those of most other products, is cyclical, the impetus is for now
on the rise. I will not be surprised if in the next five to 10 years or longer, the overall trend
continues to go up. This will be good news for us.


Here, we will all do well to remember one thing. There is a fundamental difference between
a small- or medium-sized country and a very big one. Whereas smaller ones need to sell
to or service others overseas in order to survive, large economies can be far more self-
sufficient because of their huge domestic markets. Just like the U.S., China is one such.
Internal economic dynamics can keep the country going for some time even in the absence
of external involvement. The only commodity that China absolutely needs from the rest of the
world is energy.


In fact, the U.S. and China are the world’s only two continental economies. They are so big
that they can accommodate almost all industries – upstream and downstream, heavy and
light manufacturing, primary, secondary, and tertiary industries, and high-tech, mid-tech and
low-tech. (Because of high salaries, low-tech manufacturing has disappeared in the U.S., but
it may return one day given robotics.) This notwithstanding, I am quite sure that China will for
decades become even more engaged in the global economy as a major player. My worry is
that the U.S. will increasingly move in the opposite direction. More so than any other country,
including China, the U.S. has the ability to isolate itself and still survive. For example, it now
pumps more oil and gas everyday than Saudi Arabia! America’s withdrawal cannot be good
for the world – nor herself.


Now to a sad development that was not present when I last wrote to you six months ago. At
that time, Hong Kong was relatively calm. In the past month and a half, the city has erupted
into a tumultuous place. It was the result of unwise policies made locally and not initiated by
Beijing, which has since basically kept quiet. But the trouble on the streets today are not just
directed at the local government but also at the central government in Beijing.




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   31
Such social disturbances cannot but negatively affect business. Visitor arrivals will
definitely slow down as we have observed during the Occupy Central movement of
2014. Retail will be hurt. If trouble persists, then confidence among the international
business community will be affected. Whether or not there will be any long-term
effect will depend on how the situation resolves itself. But for now, no one can predict
how this will pan out.


The local residential market will no doubt slow down. We will see if prices will fall
alongside with volume. More likely than not, they will. Nevertheless, as long as Hong
Kong gets back on its feet after the trouble is over – and over it will be, most probably
with the help of Beijing – our residential market should be fine in the long run. There is
real demand locally and from the Mainland.


The present disturbances will force Beijing to change its tack regarding Hong Kong.
From “no governance is good governance” of 1997 to whatever it is tomorrow, one
thing is certain. Beijing has been too lax about enforcing the Basic Law in the past 22
years. If the present turmoil forces all parties to embrace the Basic Law, this may not
be a bad outcome. In this eventuality, Hong Kong’s residential market and indeed the
entire economy may well gain a second wind.


But for now, turbulence will be with us. We are fortunate to have sold out all our
development projects, except for the 11 semi-detached houses on Blue Pool Road,
one duplex in The Long Beach, and some car parks. We still hold out hope to sell
these luxury units at good prices, but if we have to wait a bit, it is not the end of the
world. The timing is beyond us anyway.


As for our Hong Kong investment properties, we will do our best to maintain the
growth rate of the past two years at about 3% per annum. If social unrest persists,
it may prove to be difficult. Nevertheless, we should still be able to produce some
growth in the second half of this year. After all, in the very tough years of 2013–2016
when local retail properties all over Hong Kong suffered severely, we never had a
down year.




32   Hang Lung Properties Limited
How bad can this get? During the Asian Financial Crisis of 1997–2002, we had four
consecutive years of negative growth followed by two more that went sideways. Then it took
another almost five years to return to the total rent levels of 1998. It was a terrible journey of
10 to 11 lost years. The bear market was doubtless exacerbated by the dot-com bubble of
2000 and the SARS epidemic of 2003, but those effects were short-lived. For us, fortunately,
our Shanghai properties began to contribute in 2000, which blunted the fall.


What will be the effects of the present trouble? I do not yet know. The nature of the problem
this time is different; it is political rather than economic. My guess is that it will take more time
to recover.


On the Mainland, I believe that the coming few years should be auspicious for us. In
Shanghai, organic growth in Plaza 66 should continue, although a post-AEI jump in rent has
already created a much higher base. To slow down a little is inevitable one day. Fortunately,
Grand Gateway 66 will see its AEI completed in the coming year. The North Building
reopened recently and is enjoying a double-digit growth. This may last for a while. The same
should happen when the South Building, which is the main part of the mall, is ready. Tenant
upgrading is impressive, which should translate to considerably higher rents. It is now a five-
star mall.


Outside Shanghai, organic growth is proving exciting. Three of our six malls have seen an
increase in retail sales and rental revenue of 23%-30%. I believe that there is still much more
room for further advancement. Four of the six properties are at the threshold of a growth
phase which should last many years. When things begin to slow, say, in the second half of
the 2020’s, AEI will be needed as we have done in Shanghai. The rejuvenation will hopefully
launch these facilities onto a new upward trajectory, like what is happening now with our two
Shanghai properties.


Impetus for growth outside Shanghai will also come from the new space that we will
complete between 2019 and 2025. By way of comparison, in the seven years between 2010
and 2016, both years inclusive, we built over 1,900,000 square meters in total, or on average
more than 271,000 square meters per year. (Stripping out the car park, we still completed
about 1,100,000 square meters in all, or some 156,000 square meters annually.)


However, between 2019 and 2025, also a seven-year span, we expect to deliver 2,660,000
square meters in total, or almost 380,000 square meters per year. This is some 40% more
than the earlier seven-year period! No wonder many investors agree with me that Hang Lung
is truly a growth stock! It is doubtful if many – or any – real estate concern anywhere in the
world has this magnitude of a pipeline.
                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited   33
Equally significant is the fact that the experience of the next seven years should
be far better than the previous period. First, our management team today is much
stronger than before. Back then, staffing needs was a real problem, but it is no longer
the case today. Second, last time we were heading into a prolonged and severe
downturn from 2012 to 2017. Today, the luxury goods market is thriving. It started
last year and will hopefully continue for a few more to come.

Beyond rental income-producing properties, we also have over 400,000 square
meters of high-end residential units in four of our Mainland cities. They will be ready
for sale in the coming few years. How much profit can be derived therefrom cannot
be determined with any certainty at present, since Chinese home prices can fluctuate
greatly, depending partly on the government policies at the time. One thing however is
sure: the successful sales of these serviced apartments will be beneficial to our mall
business next door.

By now, I trust that my readers are as excited as I am about Hang Lung for the
coming few years. Barring unseen circumstances, our future should be bright.

There is one more question that needs to be answered: will we buy more land in the
next few years? Yes, we are looking, our not insubstantial land bank notwithstanding.
The industry is healthy and growing, so of course we should expand. The fact of the
matter is, we have never stopped searching in the past 15 years. As always, we will
only act when we find something that has the five real estate genes. This cardinal
principle must not be compromised.

Nevertheless, recognizing the turbulent geopolitical and geo-economic situations
around us, and the impact that they may have on China, we should not overextend
ourselves financially. As always, we will adhere to fiscal conservatism as stringently as
we will to real estate genetics. These two are the cornerstones of our business.

With this in mind, we will nevertheless not hesitate to strike when the stars are
aligned. Given how strict we are in land acquisition, we cannot afford to let too many
good opportunities go to waste, for they do not come along too often. Once missed,
they may likely never return, and those cities may be forever lost to us. As such,
prudence is required to know when to act and when not to. Our track record of the
past almost three decades on mainland China stands us in good stead for the future.




Ronnie C. Chan
Chairman
Hong Kong, July 30, 2019

34   Hang Lung Properties Limited
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
In HK$ Million (unless otherwise stated)


RESULTS
                                                     For the Six Months Ended June 30
                                                                 2019            2018               Change

Revenue                                                       4,204             5,150                 –18%
  Property Leasing                                            4,204             4,118                   2%
  Property Sales                                                  –             1,032                –100%

Operating Profit                                              3,217             3,682                 –13%
  Property Leasing                                            3,217             3,117                   3%
  Property Sales                                                  –               565                –100%

Net Profit Attributable to Shareholders                       3,516             4,689                 –25%
Earnings Per Share (HK$)                                      $0.78             $1.04                 –25%

Interim Dividend Per Share (HK$)                              $0.17             $0.17                        –


UNDERLYING RESULTS
                                                     For the Six Months Ended June 30
                                                                 2019            2018               Change

Underlying Net Profit Attributable to Shareholders            2,229             2,319                  –4%
  Property Leasing                                            2,229             1,777                  25%
  Property Sales                                                  –               542                –100%


Underlying Earnings Per Share (HK$)                           $0.50             $0.52                  –4%


FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                         At June 30    At December 31
                                                               2019             2018                Change

Shareholders’ Equity                                        138,191          137,561                     –
Net Assets                                                  144,243          143,594                     –
Net Debt                                                     25,407           14,890                   71%

Financial Ratio
   Net Debt to Equity Ratio                                  17.6%             10.4%                 7.2 pts
   Debt to Equity Ratio                                      21.9%             19.0%                 2.9 pts

Shareholders’ Equity Per Share (HK$)                          $30.7             $30.6                     –
Net Assets Per Share (HK$)                                    $32.1             $31.9                    1%



                                                                              Hang Lung Properties Limited       35
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS

The core property leasing business sustained its growth with a 2% period-on-period
increase in leasing revenue in spite of a 6% Renminbi depreciation against the Hong
Kong Dollar. As no property sales were recognized during the period, total revenue
of Hang Lung Properties (the Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively known as
“Hang Lung Properties”) for the six months ended June 30, 2019 decreased 18% to
HK$4,204 million, and operating profit fell 13% to HK$3,217 million. With a smaller
valuation gain when compared with the same period last year, net profit attributable
to shareholders dropped 25% to HK$3,516 million. Earnings per share decreased
correspondingly to HK$0.78.


When excluding the property revaluation gain and all related effects, underlying net
profit attributable to shareholders retreated by 4% to HK$2,229 million.


Revenue and Operating Profit for the Six Months Ended June 30

                                        Revenue                              Operating Profit
                               2019          2018     Change        2019            2018        Change
                          HK$ Million   HK$ Million            HK$ Million     HK$ Million

Property Leasing                4,204        4,118       2%         3,217            3,117         3%
  Mainland China                2,190        2,171       1%         1,487            1,447         3%
  Hong Kong                     2,014        1,947       3%         1,730            1,670         4%
Property Sales                      –        1,032    –100%             –             565       –100%
Total                           4,204        5,150     –18%         3,217            3,682       –13%




36   Hang Lung Properties Limited
DIVIDEND

The Board of Directors has declared an interim dividend of HK17 cents per share for 2019
(2018: HK17 cents) to be paid by cash on September 26, 2019, to shareholders whose
names appeared on the register of members on September 13, 2019.


PROPERTY LEASING

In the first half of 2019, our property leasing performance sustained the solid growth
momentum built up since the second half of last year. Both the tenant retail sales and
our rental turnover were resilient and on a sustainable trend. Total revenue of our leasing
properties grew to HK$4,204 million. Revenue from our Mainland portfolio increased 7% in
RMB terms and that of our Hong Kong portfolio rose 3% period-on-period. The performance
was promising amid the US-China trade dispute and other global uncertainties.

Mainland China


Growth momentum of our mainland China leasing portfolio continued. All our mainland
properties, except Shanghai Grand Gateway 66 mall which is under a major upgrading
program and Wuxi Center 66 office tower, recorded revenue growth during the period.
Revenue of the entire portfolio advanced 7% to RMB1,894 million. Operating profit increased
9% to RMB1,286 million. Average margin improved to 68%.


Revenue of our Shanghai properties advanced 4% period-on-period despite the short-term
rental interruption caused by the major renovation at Grand Gateway 66. Properties outside
Shanghai achieved a remarkable 14% revenue growth period-on-period and continued the
growth momentum with a 7% increment comparing to the second half of last year.




                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited   37
Mainland China Property Leasing Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                                      Revenue
                                                    (RMB Million)             Occupancy Rate*
City and Name of
the Property                                2019           2018      Change      Mall     Office

Shanghai Plaza 66                            827            763         8%      98%        93%
Shanghai Grand Gateway 66                    394            410        –4%      86%         N/A
Shenyang Palace 66                            95             77        23%      91%         N/A
Shenyang Forum 66                            113            105         8%      94%        89%
Jinan Parc 66                                158            141        12%      95%         N/A
Wuxi Center 66                               140            121        16%      93%        90%
Tianjin Riverside 66                           93             90        3%      83%         N/A
Dalian Olympia 66                              74             57       30%      79%         N/A
Total                                      1,894          1,764         7%
Total in HK$ Million equivalent            2,190          2,171         1%

*     All occupancy rates stated therein were as of June 30, 2019.



•     Malls


Total revenue of our eight malls in mainland China increased 8% to RMB1,479
million. In Shanghai, our investments in asset enhancement are paying off. Plaza 66
continued to report strong growth in both sales and rental revenue, two years after its
renovation. Grand Gateway 66 is expected to follow the successful footsteps of Plaza
66 to achieve strong revenue growth and enhanced tenant mix after completion of
the upgrading program. Outside Shanghai, all malls achieved growth in both revenue
and sales, most in double-digit.




38   Hang Lung Properties Limited
The Shanghai Plaza 66 mall reported double-digit increases in revenue and retail sales at
11% and 15%, respectively. The mall has firmly established its positioning as the Home to
Luxury, and continues to add new and renowned luxury labels and high-end restaurants to its
tenant portfolio. In addition, after the debut launch of HOUSE 66, our nationwide Customer
Relationship Management (CRM) program, in September 2018, we have seen more quality
tenant collaborations and direct engagements with our customers. Our investment and focus
on deploying the CRM program will further cultivate customer loyalty and drive both tenant
sales and boost leasing performance over time.


Revenue of the Shanghai Grand Gateway 66 mall retreated 4% to RMB394 million due
to the short-term interruption caused by a major upgrading program commenced in 2017.
The first phase of the upgrade works was completed with the North Building re-opened in
September 2018. The renovated area was fully let, with higher rental income, comprising a
good mix of young and trend-setting brands, food & beverage tenants, and the refurbished
cinema. The second phase, covering the bulk of the South Building and its basement, is in full
swing and the progress made is on track. The basement has partially re-opened and a variety
of new cosmetics brands will be introduced. The works of the second phase are expected to
be completed in stages from late 2019.


The Shenyang Palace 66 mall collected 23% more in rents to RMB95 million resulting
from increases in both turnover rent and occupancy. Retail sales jumped 29%. Our efforts
to introduce more sporting and popular lifestyle fashion brands are bearing fruit. It further
strengthens our leading trendy lifestyle mall positioning in Zhongjie and Shenyang city.
Occupancy also rose four points to 91%. To inject more family and children’s content into the
mall, the kids’ zone on the third floor was revamped.


Revenue of the Shenyang Forum 66 mall rose 3%, with our efforts to reshuffle tenants and
diversify trade mix continuing. Occupancy rate further jumped seven points to 94%. Retail
sales also advanced 3%. More quality food & beverage tenants were introduced, drawing a
good reception from shoppers. Some luxury brands making their first landing in Shenyang
were also enrolled to set up kiosks on the first floor.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   39
Income of the Jinan Parc 66 mall increased 12% to RMB158 million mainly driven by
the increase in occupancy rate and positive rental reversions. Occupancy rate edged
up one point to 95%. Retail sales rose 11%. The mall achieved a higher unit rent
through upgrading its tenant portfolio, including the introduction of some international
brands to Jinan for the first time. These brands delivered a good sales performance
by successfully satisfying the younger generation’s spending appetite. Following
its successful debut in Shanghai Plaza 66, HOUSE 66 was launched in Parc 66 in
December 2018, and the responses from both customers and tenants have been
enthusiastic.


The Wuxi Center 66 mall achieved a remarkable 26% growth in revenue mainly
attributable to increased turnover rent and favorable rental reversions. Retail
sales surged 25%. Occupancy rate improved six points to 93%. Part of the area
temporarily closed for construction of the second office tower re-opened in May
2019, housing a brand new premium cinema complex which will help to enrich the
tenant mix and attract footfall. Hang Lung’s CRM program HOUSE 66 was also
launched at Center 66 in May 2019. We are experiencing a promising trend of brand
migration from other venues in Wuxi to Center 66 and expect to see the opening of
more luxury brands in our mall in the near future.


Revenue of the Tianjin Riverside 66 mall rose 3%. Occupancy rate dropped three
points to 83% as the efforts on tenant reshuffling and trade mix enhancement
continued. Part of the fourth floor is being converted into a theme zone to attract the
younger generation and will open this year. Retail sales increased by 2%.


The Dalian Olympia 66 mall delivered a strong performance in the first half of 2019.
Revenue and retail sales jumped 30% and 27%, respectively, riding on the business
growth of trendy lifestyle and food & beverage tenants. Occupancy rate increased
four points to 79%. The Phase 2 area of the mall is planned to open by phases from
the second quarter of 2020.


•     Offices


During the period, our four office towers at Shanghai Plaza 66, Shenyang Forum 66
and Wuxi Center 66 recorded a revenue growth of 5% to RMB415 million. Revenue
from all the office towers accounted for 22% of our mainland China leasing revenue.
It proved to be a solid and stable income stream.



40   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Income of Plaza 66 offices grew 4% to RMB312 million because of higher occupancy.
Average occupancy rate advanced three points to 94% as a result of the effort made on new
lettings and the expansion by long-term quality tenants.


The office tower at Forum 66 collected 11% more revenue to RMB63 million. Occupancy rate
advanced four points to 89% as the six floors in the high zone of the tower were completed in
July 2018. Conrad Shenyang, residing on the top 19 floors of the office tower, is expected to
open later this year.


Revenue of the office tower at Center 66 decreased 3% to RMB40 million. Occupancy rate
slipped one point to 90%. The second tower will be ready for handing over to tenants in the
second half of 2019. Pre-leasing activities are underway.

Hong Kong


The performance of our Hong Kong leasing properties was stable. Total revenue and
operating profit recorded growth of 3% and 4% to HK$2,014 million and HK$1,730 million,
respectively. Overall rental margin was 86%.


Hong Kong Property Leasing Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                                                     Revenue                      Occupancy
                                                                   (HK$ Million)                      Rate*
                                                          2019            2018       Change

Commercial                                                1,198          1,155            4%               96%
Office and Industrial/Offices                               655            638            3%               93%
Residential & Serviced Apartments                           161            154            5%               78%
Total                                                     2,014          1,947            3%

*   All occupancy rates stated therein were as of June 30, 2019.




                                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited   41
•     Commercial


Revenue of our Hong Kong commercial portfolio increased 4% to HK$1,198 million,
mainly driven by positive rental reversions of our major tenants. Total retail sales
advanced 7% period-on-period. Occupancy fell one point to 96%.


Revenue of the Causeway Bay portfolio increased 3%. Retail sales grew 4%. We
are further refining the tenant mix to strengthen Fashion Walk’s positioning as a
vibrant integrated hub for fashion and lifestyle shopping and experiences. The pop-
up store of a luxury beauty brand introduced during the period was well received. We
will introduce more beauty and make-up shops, building an appealing beauty cluster
at Fashion Walk.


Kornhill Plaza in Hong Kong East collected 4% more in rents mainly contributed by
the anchor tenants. Retail sales decreased 2%. The property was fully let.


Revenues of Grand Plaza and Gala Place in Mongkok rose 6% supported by the
good sales performance of the tenants. Both properties were fully let. The Mongkok
portfolio continues its efforts to add new healthcare, beauty and lifestyle tenants and
enrich its gourmet options to attract style-seekers and the younger generation among
locals and tourists. Total retail sales increased 36%.


Amoy Plaza in Kowloon East achieved revenue growth of 5%, benefitting from
favorable rental reversions and the opening of the UA Amoy cinema in August 2018.
Retail sales rose 2%.


The major renovation at Peak Galleria continued. The mall has been closed since
October 2018 except two restaurants commenced business in the first half of 2019.
This iconic property as well as a destination for tourists and local people at The Peak is
expected to fully re-open by phases from the summer of 2019.




42   Hang Lung Properties Limited
•   Offices


Revenue from our Hong Kong office portfolio grew 3% to HK$655 million mainly driven by
positive rental reversions. Overall occupancy rate declined one point to 93%. Our offices in
Central and Mongkok recorded income growth of 5% and 6%, respectively, while revenue
from those in Causeway Bay dropped 5%. The Hong Kong office rental amount accounted
for 33% of our total leasing income in Hong Kong.


•   Residential and Serviced Apartments


Income from our residential and serviced apartments increased 5% to HK$161 million due to
higher occupancy at The Summit and Burnside Villa.


PROPERTY SALES

During the first six months, one semi-detached house at 23-39 Blue Pool Road (2018: three
houses) was sold. As the sale will be recognized upon completion of legal assignment later
this year, no revenue or profit in respect of property sales was recorded in the first half of
2019.


During the period, 111 car parking spaces held as investment properties at Laichikok Bay
Garden were disposed of. The transaction will be completed in the second half of 2019.
These properties were reclassified as assets held for sale as of June 30, 2019, at valuation
with reference to the selling price. A gain of HK$69 million was included as part of the
fair value gain of properties. Meanwhile, the sale made in 2018 regarding the remaining
apartment and car parking spaces at Garden Terrace was completed in April 2019.


PROPERTY REVALUATION

The total value of our investment properties amounted to HK$136,970 million as of June
30, 2019, comprising the value of the Hong Kong portfolio and the mainland China portfolio
of HK$66,382 million and HK$70,588 million, respectively. Our investment properties were
revalued by Savills, an independent valuer, as of June 30, 2019.


An overall revaluation gain of HK$1,438 million, representing a 1% growth in valuation as
compared to the value as of December 31, 2018, was recorded in the first half of 2019 (2018:
HK$2,456 million), mostly attributable to the gains of our Hong Kong portfolio.



                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   43
PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT AND CAPITAL COMMITMENT

The aggregated value of investment properties under development was HK$40,335
million. They comprised mainland China projects in Kunming, Wuhan, Hangzhou
and the remaining phases of the developments in Shenyang and Wuxi. The portfolio
consists of malls, office towers, hotels and serviced apartments.


The construction work at Kunming Spring City 66 is progressing as planned. Testing
and commissioning works are in progress. This mixed-use development, covering
a total gross floor area of 432,000 square meters, comprises a world-class mall, a
Grade A office tower, serviced apartments, a hotel and car parking spaces. Both the
mall and the office tower are expected to open in the second half of this year. About
85% of the mall’s area has been leased, and the pre-leasing of the office tower has
also made good progress.


The construction of Wuhan Heartland 66, a mixed-use commercial project with
a total gross floor area of 460,000 square meters, is progressing as planned. This
project will house a premier mall, a Grade A office tower, serviced apartments and
car parking spaces, and is expected to be completed in stages starting from 2020.
Leasing activities for both the mall and office tower have commenced.


The conversion of the top 19 floors of the office tower at Shenyang Forum 66 into
Conrad Shenyang is close to completion. The hotel is planned to commence
operation in the second half of this year. This five-star hotel will have 315 guest rooms
and a grand ballroom which can accommodate more than 500 guests. The addition
of this hotel will complement the positioning of Forum 66 as the destination of
choice for those seeking high-end shopping, entertainment, business and hospitality
experiences.


The construction work for the second office tower at Wuxi Center 66 is almost
completed. This Grade A office tower, built above the southeastern section of the
Center 66 mall, will add 52,000 square meters in gross floor area available for leasing.
Leasing activity has commenced and the tower will be ready for handing over to
tenants in the second half of 2019.




44   Hang Lung Properties Limited
The master layout plan for the Wuxi Phase Two development was approved by the
government in March 2019. The project includes luxury serviced apartments and a boutique
hotel.


The development of Hangzhou Westlake 66, a high-end commercial mixed-use complex
with a total above-ground gross floor area of 194,100 square meters comprising a world-
class mall, office towers and a hotel, has started. The land was fully paid for and handed over
to us during the period. The project is planned for completion in phases from 2024.


The projects mentioned above represented the majority of our capital commitments at the
reporting date, amounting to HK$32 billion. They will be completed in phases over a number
of years.


In Hong Kong, we have consolidated the entire interests in the Amoycan Industrial Centre in
Ngau Tau Kok through the Compulsory Sale for Redevelopment Order. With its proximity to
Mass Transit Railway the site is also well located near the future East Kowloon Cultural Centre
and is planned to be re-developed into residential properties for sale. In addition, jointly with
our parent company, Hang Lung Group Limited, we are embarking on a re-development
project at Electric Road in North Point. The project will encompass the clearance of the site
for construction of a commercial and office tower with a gross floor area of 105,000 square
feet.


LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

Our major financial management objective is to maintain an appropriate capital structure with
a high degree of agility. This is to ensure access to sufficient financial resources for meeting
operational needs and capital commitments, and to seize investment opportunities when they
arise for sustaining long-term growth. We also strive to establish multiple channels of debt
financing for risk mitigation. All financial risk management, including debt re-financing, foreign
exchange exposure and interest rate volatility, etc., are centrally managed and controlled at
the corporate level.


•   Liquidity and Financing Management


The cash flow position and funding needs are closely reviewed and monitored to ensure that
Hang Lung Properties has a good degree of financial flexibility and liquidity while optimizing
net financial costs.



                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   45
As of June 30, 2019, Hang Lung Properties had total cash and bank balances of
HK$6,208 million (December 31, 2018: HK$12,363 million). All the deposits are
placed with banks with strong credit ratings and the counterparty risk is monitored
on a regular basis.


For debt portfolio management, Hang Lung Properties focuses on mitigating the re-
financing, interest rate and foreign exchange risks. An appropriate mix of RMB/HKD/
USD borrowings, fixed/floating rate debts, a staggered debt repayment profile and a
diversified source of funding are maintained.


As of June 30, 2019, total borrowings of Hang Lung Properties amounted to
HK$31,615 million (December 31, 2018: HK$27,253 million), of which about 43%
was denominated in RMB. The higher debt balance against last year-end was due to
payments for the various projects under development in mainland China and Hong
Kong, including the final payment for the remaining 50% land cost of Hangzhou
Westlake 66. The following table shows the composition of our debt portfolio:


                                        At June 30, 2019       At December 31, 2018
                                    HK$ Million   % of Total   HK$ Million   % of Total

Floating rate HKD bank loans             5,735        18.1%           255        0.9%
Floating rate RMB bank loans            12,379        39.2%        13,490       49.5%
Fixed rate bonds                        13,501        42.7%        13,508       49.6%
  Denominated in USD                     7,815        24.7%         7,832       28.7%
  Denominated in HKD                     4,552        14.4%         4,540       16.7%
  Denominated in RMB                     1,134         3.6%         1,136        4.2%

Total borrowings                        31,615        100%         27,253        100%




46   Hang Lung Properties Limited
At the reporting date, the average tenor of the entire loan portfolio was 3.3 years (December
31, 2018: 3.3 years). The maturity profile was well staggered and spread over a period of 7
years. Around 69% of the loans was repayable after 2 years.


                                           At June 30, 2019        At December 31, 2018
                                      HK$ Million     % of Total   HK$ Million        % of Total

Repayable:
 Within 1 year                              3,079          9.7%         2,414               8.8%
 After 1 but within 2 years                 6,806         21.6%         3,514              12.9%
 After 2 but within 5 years                19,790         62.6%        17,900              65.7%
 Over 5 years                               1,940          6.1%         3,425              12.6%
Total borrowings                           31,615         100%         27,253              100%


As of June 30, 2019, Hang Lung Properties’ undrawn committed banking facilities amounted
to HK$11,283 million (December 31, 2018: HK$16,224 million). The available balances of the
USD3 billion Medium Term Note Program and the RMB10 billion Green Panda Bond Program
amounted to USD1,410 million and RMB9,000 million, respectively, equivalent to HK$21,247
million in total (December 31, 2018: HK$21,297 million).


•   Gearing Ratios & Interest Cover


As of June 30, 2019, the net debt balance of Hang Lung Properties amounted to HK$25,407
million (December 31, 2018: HK$14,890 million). Net debt to equity ratio was 17.6%
(December 31, 2018: 10.4%) and debt to equity ratio was 21.9% (December 31, 2018:
19.0%).


For the six months ended June 30, 2019, the total amount of borrowing costs incurred
increased by HK$113 million to HK$755 million. The net amount charged to the statement of
profit or loss for the first half of 2019 decreased by HK$534 million to HK$8 million because
more borrowing costs were capitalized to the projects under development with additions
of construction costs for projects under development, full payment of land premium of
Hangzhou Westlake 66 and the adoption of an amendment to the accounting standard on
the capitalization of borrowing costs effective on January 1, 2019.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   47
Interest income for the period dropped to HK$96 million (2018: HK$256 million). The
decrease was mainly due to the reduction of average deposit balance after settling
payments on capital expenditures and the Hangzhou land premium.


The amount of net interest income for the first half of 2019, i.e. the excess of interest
income over finance costs, was HK$88 million (2018: net interest expense of HK$286
million). The average effective cost of borrowings during the period was 4.8% (2018:
4.9%) given a portfolio of debts comprising 39% in RMB bank loan, 18% in HKD
bank loan, 39% in HKD and USD bonds and 4% in RMB bond.


Interest cover for the first six months of 2019 was 4 times (2018: 9 times).


•     Foreign Exchange Management


The activities of Hang Lung Properties are exposed to foreign currency risks mainly
arising from its operations in mainland China and certain bank deposits denominated
in RMB held in and relating to mainland China entities. There is also exposure in USD
arising from the two USD500 million bonds issued. Appropriate measures have been
taken to mitigate the foreign exchange risk exposure.


The currencies of cash and bank balances at the reporting date were as follows:


                                        At June 30, 2019         At December 31, 2018
                                    HK$ Million    % of Total   HK$ Million    % of Total

Denominated in:
  HKD                                    3,484        56.1%          4,673        37.8%
  RMB                                    2,715        43.7%          7,681        62.1%
  USD                                        9         0.2%              9         0.1%
Total cash and bank balances             6,208         100%         12,363         100%


(a) RMB Exposure


The RMB exposure of Hang Lung Properties is mainly derived from two aspects
of the operations: firstly, currency translation risk arising from the net assets of our
Mainland subsidiaries; secondly, the RMB deposits held in and relating to mainland
China entities which are primarily for the purpose of settling future construction
payments in RMB.


48   Hang Lung Properties Limited
As of June 30, 2019, net assets denominated in RMB accounted for about 60% of Hang
Lung Properties’ total net assets. The re-translation of these net assets denominated in
RMB into HKD using the exchange rate as of the reporting date resulted in a re-translation
loss of HK$402 million (2018: HK$759 million), as RMB depreciated by about 0.4% against
HKD compared to December 31, 2018. The re-translation loss was recognized in other
comprehensive income/exchange reserve.


Hang Lung Properties’ business operations and projects under development in mainland
China are funded by cash inflows from Mainland operations and RMB borrowings, in addition
to capital injections from Hong Kong. We have adopted an enterprise risk management
approach to mitigate the currency risks and practiced good discipline of not taking any
speculative position on the movement of RMB against HKD. Regular business reviews were
made to assess the level of funding needs for our Mainland projects after taking account
of various factors such as regulatory constraints, project development timelines and the
business environment. Appropriate modifications to our funding plan will be conducted in light
of the outcome of the periodic reviews.


(b) USD Exposure


The USD foreign exchange exposure is related to the two USD500 million fixed rate bonds
issued, equivalent to HK$7,815 million at the reporting date. The related currency exchange
risk was covered back-to-back by two USD/HKD cross currency swap contracts. The swap
contracts were entered into in order to effectively fix the exchange rate between USD and
HKD for future interest payments and principal repayments.


The changes in the fair value of both swap contracts did not impact on the cash flows and
the profit or loss materially as they qualified for cash flow hedge accounting.


•   Charge of Assets


Assets of Hang Lung Properties were not charged to any third parties as of June 30, 2019.


•   Contingent Liabilities


Hang Lung Properties did not have any material contingent liabilities as of June 30, 2019.




                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited   49
OUTLOOK

While the US-China trade dispute shows no sign of abating, we are cautiously
optimistic that our business would continue to deliver sustainable growth in both
Hong Kong and the Mainland. The growth will be fueled by a number of key drivers.


Our established properties are expected to continue delivering solid organic growth
and will sustain the momentum. With the implementation of various customer-centric
initiatives, including the roll-out of the HOUSE 66 CRM program and adoption of
new technologies, we will build stronger engagement with both our tenants and
customers and offer a unique Hang Lung Brand experience, boosting sales and
leasing revenue.


In addition, our investment in asset upgrading programs will also pay off. The
progressive completion of the major renovation at Shanghai Grand Gateway 66 mall
later this year is expected to deliver a similar increase in revenue as experienced in
Plaza 66.


In the second half of 2019, a number of new properties will commence business,
including the mall and office tower of Kunming Spring City 66, the second office
tower of Wuxi Center 66, and Conrad Shenyang at Forum 66. They will provide
another impetus for business growth.


Depending on market conditions, we will continue to sell down residential units on
hand in Hong Kong. At the same time, we will extract more value from our property
portfolio through disposal of non-core properties.


On the property development side, in Hong Kong, we have started two re-
development projects, and will continue to look for opportunities. On the Mainland,
four mixed-use projects have serviced apartment element and are intended for sale.
We have started the construction work of luxurious serviced apartments at Wuhan
Heartland 66. Similar development at projects in Wuxi, Kunming and Shenyang
would also start by phases.




50   Hang Lung Properties Limited
OTHER INFORMATION

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

We are committed to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance. During
the six months ended June 30, 2019, we adopted corporate governance principles that
emphasize a qualified Board of Directors (the “Board”), sound internal controls, and effective
risk management to enhance transparency and accountability towards our stakeholders.
The general framework of our corporate governance practices is set out in our corporate
governance report in the 2018 annual report, which is available on our website under
Financial Report of Financial Information of the Investor Relations section.


The Board


The Board currently consists of eleven members: comprising four Executive Directors; one
Non-Executive Director; and six Independent Non-Executive Directors. There is a clear
division of responsibilities between the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer to ensure a
balance of power and authority. The Board continues to review its practices from time to time,
constantly seeking to improve the Group’s corporate governance procedures in accordance
with international best practices. An updated list of Board members identifying their roles
and functions and whether they are Independent Non-Executive Directors is maintained on
our website and the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (“HKEx”). The
biographical details of Board members are also maintained on our website under Board of
Directors of Corporate Governance of the Investor Relations section.


Nomination and Remuneration Committee


Our Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which is chaired by an Independent Non-
Executive Director, currently consists of three Independent Non-Executive Directors. The
Committee members meet at least once a year. Its duties include reviewing significant
changes to the salary structure of the Group and the terms and conditions affecting Executive
Directors of the Board and senior management. The Committee members also conduct
regular reviews of the Board’s structure, size and diversity, and make recommendations to
the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and succession planning of Directors of the
Board. The terms of reference of the Committee can be accessed on both our website and
the website of HKEx.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   51
Audit Committee


Our Audit Committee, which is chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director,
currently consists of four Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Committee
members meet at least four times a year. Meetings are normally attended by external
and internal auditors, the Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary for the
purposes of, inter alia, discussing the nature and scope of internal audit work and
assessing the Company’s internal controls. The terms of reference of the Committee,
which include duties pertaining to corporate governance functions and the oversight
of risk management, are available on both our website and the website of HKEx. The
Audit Committee has reviewed this interim report, including the unaudited interim
financial report for the six months ended June 30, 2019, and has recommended their
adoption by the Board.


This interim financial report is unaudited but has been reviewed by KPMG, our
auditor, in accordance with the Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410
“Review of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of
the entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The
Independent Auditor’s Review Report is set out on pages 58 and 59 of this interim
report.


Compliance with Corporate Governance Code


During the six months ended June 30, 2019, we complied with the code provisions
set out in the Corporate Governance Code as stated in Appendix 14 of the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).


Compliance with Model Code contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules


We have adopted a code of conduct with regard to securities transactions by
Directors of the Board (the “Code of Conduct”) on terms that are no less exacting
than the required standard set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
Directors of Listed Issuers contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the “Model
Code”). The Company has made specific enquiries with all Directors of the Board and
confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model
Code and the Code of Conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors of the
Board throughout the six months ended June 30, 2019.


52   Hang Lung Properties Limited
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at June 30, 2019, the interests or short positions of each of the Directors of the Board
in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated
corporations (within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which
were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Part XV of
the SFO or pursuant to the Model Code or which were recorded in the register required to be
kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO are as follows:


                                                    The Company                    Hang Lung Group Limited
                                                   (Long Position)                     (Long Position)
                                                            % of     Number                                % of
                                                        Number      of Shares                          Number
                                            Number     of Issued under Option           Number        of Issued
Name                Capacity               of Shares     Shares       (Note 2)         of Shares        Shares


Ronnie C. Chan      Personal             16,330,000         0.36     24,025,000       11,790,000            0.87
Weber W.P. Lo       Personal                      –            –     12,750,000                –               –
Ronald J. Arculli   Personal &              724,346         0.02              –        1,089,975            0.08
                      Corporate
Nelson W.L. Yuen    Personal               8,000,000        0.18      6,500,000               –               –
Dominic C.F. Ho     –                              –           –              –               –               –
Philip N.L. Chen    Personal                       –           –     24,000,000               –               –
Andrew K.C. Chan    –                              –           –              –               –               –
H.K. Chang          –                              –           –              –               –               –
Anita Y.M. Fung     –                              –           –              –               –               –
H.C. Ho             Personal                       –           –     13,600,000               –               –
Adriel W. Chan      Personal & Other   2,619,719,340       58.25      4,400,000     501,340,580           36.82
                      (Note 1)

Notes


1.    Other interests included 2,619,719,340 shares of the Company and 501,340,580 shares
      of Hang Lung Group Limited (“HLG”) held/deemed to be held by a trust of which Mr.
      Adriel W. Chan was a discretionary beneficiary. Accordingly, Mr. Adriel W. Chan was
      deemed to be interested in such shares under the SFO.



                                                                                  Hang Lung Properties Limited     53
2.    Movement of Options under the Share Option Schemes of the Company


      (i)    Share Option Scheme adopted on November 22, 2002

                                              Number of Shares under Option
                                                         Exercised                   Exercise Price
      Date Granted                             As at        during           As at       per Share      Vested Dates     Expiry Date
      (mm/dd/yyyy)   Name               Jan 1, 2019     the Period   Jun 30, 2019             (HK$)      (mm/dd/yyyy)   (mm/dd/yyyy)


      02/08/2010     Ronnie C. Chan      6,500,000               –      6,500,000           $26.46    02/08/2012: 10%    02/07/2020
                     Nelson W.L. Yuen    6,500,000               –      6,500,000                     02/08/2013: 20%
                                                                                                      02/08/2014: 30%
                                                                                                      02/08/2015: 40%



      07/29/2010     Philip N.L. Chen   10,000,000               –     10,000,000           $33.05    07/29/2012: 10%    07/28/2020
                                                                                                      07/29/2013: 20%
                                                                                                      07/29/2014: 30%
                                                                                                      07/29/2015: 40%



      09/29/2010     H.C. Ho             2,000,000               –      2,000,000           $36.90    09/29/2012: 10%    09/28/2020
                                                                                                      09/29/2013: 20%
                                                                                                      09/29/2014: 30%
                                                                                                      09/29/2015: 40%



      06/13/2011     Ronnie C. Chan      4,500,000               –      4,500,000           $30.79    06/13/2013: 10%    06/12/2021
                     Philip N.L. Chen    4,500,000               –      4,500,000                     06/13/2014: 20%
                     H.C. Ho             3,000,000               –      3,000,000                     06/13/2015: 30%
                                                                                                      06/13/2016: 40%




54   Hang Lung Properties Limited
2.   Movement of Options under the Share Option Schemes of the Company (continued)


     (ii)   Share Option Scheme adopted on April 18, 2012

                                            Number of Shares under Option
                                                        Granted                  Exercise Price
     Date Granted                             As at       during         As at       per Share         Vested Dates     Expiry Date
     (mm/dd/yyyy)   Name               Jan 1, 2019    the Period Jun 30, 2019             (HK$)         (mm/dd/yyyy)   (mm/dd/yyyy)


     06/04/2013     Ronnie C. Chan      4,500,000             –      4,500,000          $28.20      06/04/2015: 10%     06/03/2023
                    Philip N.L. Chen    4,500,000             –      4,500,000                      06/04/2016: 20%
                    H.C. Ho             3,000,000             –      3,000,000                      06/04/2017: 30%
                    Adriel W. Chan        200,000             –        200,000                      06/04/2018: 40%



     12/05/2014     Ronnie C. Chan      2,750,000             –      2,750,000          $22.60      12/05/2016: 10%     12/04/2024
                    Philip N.L. Chen    2,500,000             –      2,500,000                      12/05/2017: 20%
                    H.C. Ho             1,850,000             –      1,850,000                      12/05/2018: 30%
                    Adriel W. Chan        150,000             –        150,000                      12/05/2019: 40%



     08/10/2017     Ronnie C. Chan      2,750,000             –      2,750,000          $19.98      08/10/2019: 10%     08/09/2027
                    Philip N.L. Chen    2,500,000             –      2,500,000                      08/10/2020: 20%
                    H.C. Ho             1,850,000             –      1,850,000                      08/10/2021: 30%
                    Adriel W. Chan      1,850,000             –      1,850,000                      08/10/2022: 40%



     05/16/2018     Weber W.P. Lo      10,000,000             –     10,000,000          $18.98      05/16/2020: 10%     05/15/2028
                                                                                                    05/16/2021: 20%
                                                                                                    05/16/2022: 30%
                                                                                                    05/16/2023: 40%



     06/28/2019     Ronnie C. Chan               –     3,025,000     3,025,000          $18.58      06/28/2021: 10%     06/27/2029
                    Weber W.P. Lo                –     2,750,000     2,750,000                      06/28/2022: 20%
                    H.C. Ho                      –     1,900,000     1,900,000                      06/28/2023: 30%
                    Adriel W. Chan               –     2,200,000     2,200,000                      06/28/2024: 40%




Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors of the Board had, as at June 30, 2019, any
interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or
any associated corporations.


Other than as stated above, at no time during the six months ended June 30, 2019 was
the Company, its holding company or any of their respective subsidiaries a party to any
arrangement to enable the Directors of the Board to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.


                                                                                                  Hang Lung Properties Limited        55
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS
AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at June 30, 2019, details of substantial shareholders’ and other persons’ (who are
required to disclose their interests pursuant to Part XV of the SFO) interests and short
positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the
register required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO are as follows:

                                                 Number of Shares or     % of Number of
                                               Underlying Shares Held     Issued Shares
Name                                      Note         (Long Position)   (Long Position)


Chan Tan Ching Fen                         1             2,619,719,340            58.25
Cole Enterprises Holdings (PTC) Limited    1             2,619,719,340            58.25
Merssion Limited                           1             2,619,719,340            58.25
Adriel W. Chan                             1             2,619,719,340            58.25
Hang Lung Group Limited                    2             2,591,386,240            57.62
Prosperland Housing Limited                3             1,267,608,690            30.60
Purotat Limited                            3               354,227,500             8.55

Notes

1.    These shares were the same parcel of shares held by controlled corporations of
      Merssion Limited which was held under a trust. As Ms. Chan Tan Ching Fen was
      the founder, Cole Enterprises Holdings (PTC) Limited was the trustee and Mr.
      Adriel W. Chan was a discretionary beneficiary of the trust, they were deemed to
      be interested in such shares under the SFO.

      The controlled corporations included HLG in which Merssion Limited had
      36.82% interests. Accordingly, the 2,591,386,240 shares held by HLG through
      its subsidiaries were included in the 2,619,719,340 shares.

2.    These shares were held by the wholly-owned subsidiaries of HLG.

3.    These companies were wholly-owned subsidiaries of HLG. Their interests were
      included in the 2,591,386,240 shares held by HLG.

Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2019, no other interests or short positions
in the shares or underlying shares of the Company required to be recorded in the
register kept under section 336 of the SFO has been notified to the Company.


56   Hang Lung Properties Limited
CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS PURSUANT TO LISTING
RULES

The changes in information of the Directors of the Board are set out below:


Mr. Philip N.L. Chen
– ceased to be Adviser to Chairman of the Company


Dr. Andrew K.C. Chan
– ceased to be the chairman of the trustees’ board, and became a member of the trustees’
     board and senior consultant of the global Arup Group


Prof. H.K. Chang
– resigned as an independent non-executive director of Brightoil Petroleum (Holdings)
    Limited


Ms. Anita Y.M. Fung
– ceased to be an independent non-executive member of the board of Airport Authority
    Hong Kong


Save as disclosed above, there is no other information to be disclosed pursuant to rule
13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

During the six months ended June 30, 2019, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
purchased, sold or redeemed any of its listed securities.


EMPLOYEES

As at June 30, 2019, the number of employees was 4,530 (comprising 1,128 Hong Kong
employees and 3,402 mainland China employees). The total employee costs for the six
months ended June 30, 2019 amounted to HK$813 million. We provide competitive
remuneration packages for all employees including discretionary bonuses payable based on
individual performance. We regularly review the remuneration packages to ensure that they
comply with relevant regulatory requirements and market conditions. The Company has share
option schemes for the employees and provides professional and high-quality training for all
employees.


                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   57
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REVIEW REPORT



Review report to the Board of Directors of Hang Lung Properties Limited
(Incorporated in the Hong Kong with limited liability)


INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the interim financial report set out on pages 60 to 90 which
comprises the consolidated statement of financial position of Hang Lung Properties
Limited (“the Company”) as at June 30, 2019 and the related consolidated statement
of profit or loss, consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed consolidated
cash flow statement for the six month period then ended and explanatory notes.
The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited require the preparation of an interim financial report to be in compliance with
the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34, Interim
financial reporting, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
The directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the interim
financial report in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34.


Our responsibility is to form a conclusion, based on our review, on the interim
financial report and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance
with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report.


SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review
Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial information performed by the
independent auditor of the entity, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. A review of the interim financial report consists of making enquiries,
primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying
analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than
an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and
consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware
of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not
express an audit opinion.


58   Hang Lung Properties Limited
CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that
the interim financial report as at June 30, 2019 is not prepared, in all material respects, in
accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34, Interim financial reporting.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong


July 30, 2019




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   59
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT oF PROFIT OR LOSS
For the six months ended June 30, 2019 (Unaudited)



                                                                                   For information purpose only
                                                           2019           2018          2019            2018
                                            Note      HK$ Million    HK$ Million   RMB Million     RMB Million

Revenue                                      3(a)          4,204          5,150          3,639           4,187
Direct costs and operating expenses                         (987)        (1,468)          (854)         (1,193)
Gross profit                                               3,217          3,682          2,785           2,994
Other net income                              4                4             70              3              58
Administrative expenses                                     (317)          (292)          (275)           (237)
Operating profit before changes in
  fair value of properties                                 2,904          3,460          2,513           2,815
Net increase in fair value of properties                   1,438          2,456          1,259           2,021
Operating profit after changes in
   fair value of properties                                4,342          5,916          3,772           4,836
Interest income                                               96            256             83             208
Finance costs                                                  (8)         (542)            (7)           (441)
Net interest income/(expense)                 5               88           (286)            76            (233)
Share of profits of joint ventures                            38             54             33              44
Profit before taxation                     3(b) & 6        4,468          5,684          3,881           4,647
Taxation                                     7(a)           (698)          (736)          (604)           (599)
Profit for the period                                      3,770          4,948          3,277           4,048
Attributable to:
  Shareholders                                             3,516          4,689          3,057           3,837
  Non-controlling interests                                  254            259            220             211
                                                           3,770          4,948          3,277           4,048
Earnings per share                           9(a)
  Basic                                                 HK$0.78        HK$1.04       RMB0.68         RMB0.85
  Diluted                                               HK$0.78        HK$1.04       RMB0.68         RMB0.85




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

60   Hang Lung Properties Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the six months ended June 30, 2019 (Unaudited)



                                                                                            For information purpose only
                                                                    2019          2018          2019              2018
                                                        Note   HK$ Million   HK$ Million   RMB Million       RMB Million

Profit for the period                                               3,770         4,948           3,277           4,048
Other comprehensive income                              7(b)
Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently
   to profit or loss:
   Exchange difference arising from translation to
      presentation currency                                          (402)         (759)             46             552
   Movement in hedging reserve:
      Effective portion of changes in fair value                       48            38              41               30
      Net amount transferred to profit or loss                         22           (27)             20              (22)
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
   Net change in fair value of equity investments                       –             2               –                   1
                                                                     (332)         (746)            107             561
Total comprehensive income for the period                           3,438         4,202           3,384           4,609
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
  Shareholders                                                      3,213         4,007           3,165           4,404
  Non-controlling interests                                           225           195             219             205
                                                                    3,438         4,202           3,384           4,609




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

                                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited       61
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
At June 30, 2019



                                               (Unaudited)     (Audited)   For information purpose only
                                                 June 30, December 31,       June 30, December 31,
                                                    2019         2018           2019         2018
                                        Note   HK$ Million  HK$ Million    RMB Million  RMB Million

Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment
    Investment properties               10        136,970       136,676       120,492          119,895
    Investment properties under
       development                      10         40,335        31,186        35,481           27,325
    Other property, plant and
       equipment                                      209           216           184              189
                                                  177,514       168,078       156,157          147,409
     Interest in joint ventures                     1,346         1,330         1,184            1,168
     Other assets                                      93            93            82               82
     Deposits with banks                11          1,853         1,853         1,630            1,628
                                                  180,806       171,354       159,053          150,287
Current assets
  Cash and deposits with banks          11          4,355        10,510          3,831           9,222
  Trade and other receivables           12          2,309         2,046          2,031           1,794
  Properties for sale                               4,336         2,442          3,815           2,145
  Assets held for sale                  15            110           101             97              89
                                                   11,110        15,099          9,774          13,250
Current liabilities
  Bank loans and other borrowings       13          3,079         2,414          2,709           2,116
  Trade and other payables              14          6,288         5,974          5,533           5,236
  Lease liabilities                     21             24            22             21              19
  Current tax payable                                 599           533            527             470
  Liabilities directly associated
     with assets held for sale          15               -            3              -                3
                                                    9,990         8,946          8,790           7,844
Net current assets                                  1,120         6,153           984            5,406
Total assets less current liabilities             181,926       177,507       160,037          155,693




62     Hang Lung Properties Limited
                                            (Unaudited)     (Audited)    For information purpose only
                                              June 30, December 31,       June 30, December 31,
                                                 2019         2018           2019         2018
                                    Note    HK$ Million  HK$ Million    RMB Million  RMB Million

Non-current liabilities
  Bank loans and other borrowings    13         28,536        24,839          25,103          21,792
  Lease liabilities                  21            302           298             266             261
  Deferred tax liabilities                       8,845         8,776           7,781           7,690
                                                37,683        33,913          33,150          29,743
NET ASSETS                                     144,243       143,594         126,887         125,950
Capital and reserves
  Share capital                      16         39,915        39,915          37,433          37,433
  Reserves                                      98,276        97,646          84,130          83,231
Shareholders’ equity                           138,191       137,561         121,563         120,664
Non-controlling interests                        6,052         6,033           5,324           5,286
TOTAL EQUITY                                   144,243       143,594         126,887         125,950




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited    63
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the six months ended June 30, 2019 (Unaudited)



HK$ Million                                     Shareholders’ equity
                                                                                            Non-
                                       Share       Other     Retained                 controlling     Total
                                      capital   reserves       profits       Total      interests    equity
                                    (Note 16)   (Note 18)    (Note 18)

At January 1, 2019                    39,915      (1,117)       98,763     137,561         6,033    143,594
Profit for the period                      –            –        3,516       3,516           254      3,770
Exchange difference arising from
  translation to presentation
  currency                                 –         (373)             –      (373)          (29)      (402)
Cash flow hedges: net movement
  in hedging reserve                       –          70               –       70              –        70
Total comprehensive income for
   the period                              –         (303)       3,516       3,213           225      3,438
Final dividend in respect of
   previous financial year                 –           –        (2,609)     (2,609)            –     (2,609)
Employee share-based payments              –          10            16          26             –         26
Dividends paid to non-controlling
   interests                               –            –              –         –          (206)      (206)
At June 30, 2019                      39,915      (1,410)       99,686     138,191         6,052    144,243

At January 1, 2018                    39,912       2,251        93,995     136,158         6,087    142,245
Profit for the period                      –            –        4,689       4,689           259      4,948
Exchange difference arising from
  translation to presentation
  currency                                 –         (695)             –      (695)          (64)      (759)
Cash flow hedges: net movement
  in hedging reserve                       –          11               –       11              –        11
Net change in fair value of
  equity investments                       –            2              –         2             –          2
Total comprehensive income for
   the period                              –         (682)       4,689       4,007           195      4,202
Final dividend in respect of
   previous financial year                 –           –        (2,609)     (2,609)            –     (2,609)
Issue of shares                            3           –             –           3             –          3
Employee share-based payments              –          22            12          34             –         34
Dividends paid to non-controlling
   interests                               –            –              –         –          (344)      (344)
At June 30, 2018                      39,915       1,591        96,087     137,593         5,938    143,531

The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

64   Hang Lung Properties Limited
For information purpose only


RMB Million                                                      Shareholders’ equity
                                                                                                             Non-
                                                        Share       Other     Retained                 controlling      Total
                                                       capital   reserves       profits       Total      interests     equity

At January 1, 2019                                     37,433        498         82,733     120,664         5,286     125,950
Profit for the period                                       –           –         3,057       3,057           220       3,277
Exchange difference arising from
  translation to presentation currency                      –          47               –       47              (1)           46
Cash flow hedges: net movement
  in hedging reserve                                        –          61               –       61              –             61
Total comprehensive income for the period                   –        108          3,057       3,165           219        3,384
Final dividend in respect of previous financial year        –          –         (2,288)     (2,288)            –       (2,288)
Employee share-based payments                               –          8             14          22             –           22
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                 –          –              –           –          (181)        (181)
At June 30, 2019                                       37,433        614         83,516     121,563         5,324     126,887


At January 1, 2018                                     37,431      (2,308)       78,698     113,821         5,088     118,909
Profit for the period                                       –           –         3,837       3,837           211       4,048
Exchange difference arising from
  translation to presentation currency                      –        558                –      558              (6)       552
Cash flow hedges: net movement
  in hedging reserve                                        –           8               –         8             –             8
Net change in fair value of equity investments              –           1               –         1             –             1
Total comprehensive income for the period                   –        567          3,837       4,404           205        4,609
Final dividend in respect of previous financial year        –          –         (2,115)     (2,115)            –       (2,115)
Issue of shares                                             2          –              –           2             –            2
Employee share-based payments                               –         18             10          28             –           28
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                 –          –              –           –          (287)        (287)
At June 30, 2018                                       37,433      (1,723)       80,430     116,140         5,006     121,146




                                                                                               Hang Lung Properties Limited        65
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
For the six months ended June 30, 2019 (Unaudited)



                                                                                             For information purpose only
                                                                   2019           2018           2019               2018
                                                       Note   HK$ Million    HK$ Million    RMB Million        RMB Million

Operating activities
  Cash generated from operations                                   2,808          3,929           2,407              3,202
  Income tax paid                                                   (529)          (626)           (460)              (511)
Net cash generated from operating activities                       2,279          3,303           1,947              2,691
Investing activities
  Payment for property, plant and equipment                        (9,478)       (5,331)          (8,155)           (4,356)
  Decrease in bank deposits with
     maturity greater than three months                              659          3,934             570              3,199
  Other cash flows arising from investing activities                 123            555             106                450
Net cash used in investing activities                              (8,696)         (842)          (7,479)             (707)
Financing activities
  Proceeds from new bank loans and
     other borrowings                                               9,671         3,235            8,375             2,629
  Repayment of bank loans and other borrowings                     (5,276)       (2,423)          (4,565)           (1,970)
  Capital element of lease rentals paid                                (4)             –               (3)                –
  Interest and other borrowing costs paid                            (704)         (652)            (610)             (531)
  Interest element of lease rentals paid             21                (8)            (8)              (7)               (7)
  Dividend paid                                                    (2,609)       (2,609)          (2,288)           (2,115)
  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                        (206)         (344)            (181)             (287)
  Other cash flows arising from financing activities                    –              3                –                 2
Net cash generated from/(used in)
  financing activities                                               864         (2,798)            721             (2,279)
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                              (5,553)         (337)          (4,811)             (295)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                57            (81)              (5)              32
Cash and cash equivalents at January 1                              8,556        10,373            7,507             8,670
Cash and cash equivalents at June 30                               3,060          9,955           2,691              8,407


Analysis of the balance of cash and
  cash equivalents:
Cash and deposits with banks                                       6,208         17,786           5,461             15,025
Less: Bank deposits with maturity greater
       than three months                                           (3,148)       (7,831)          (2,770)           (6,618)
Cash and cash equivalents                                          3,060          9,955           2,691              8,407


The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

66   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

1. BASIS OF PREPARATION

   The unaudited interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with Hong
   Kong Accounting Standard (HKAS) 34, Interim Financial Reporting, issued by the Hong
   Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA) and the applicable disclosure
   provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
   Hong Kong Limited.


   The preparation of interim financial report in conformity with HKAS 34 requires
   management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application
   of policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses on a year-to-
   date basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


   The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG in accordance
   with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial
   information performed by the independent auditor of the entity, issued by the HKICPA.
   KPMG’s independent review report to the Board of Directors is included on pages 58 to
   59.


   The HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended Hong Kong Financial Reporting
   Standards (HKFRSs) that are first effective for the current accounting period of the
   Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”). Except for HKFRS 16, Leases,
   and Amendments to HKAS 23, Borrowing costs, the adoption of these new or amended
   HKFRSs does not have significant impact on the Group’s interim financial report.


   The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the same accounting
   policies adopted in the 2018 annual financial statements, except for the changes in
   accounting policies that are described in note 2.




                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited   67
1. BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

      The presentation currency of these consolidated financial statements is Hong
      Kong dollar. In view of the Group’s significant business operations in mainland
      China, management has included additional financial information prepared
      in Renminbi in the consolidated financial statements. Such supplementary
      information is prepared on the same basis as 2018 as if the presentation
      currency is Renminbi.


      The financial information relating to the financial year ended December 31,
      2018 included in the interim financial report as comparative information
      does not constitute the Company’s statutory annual consolidated financial
      statements for that financial year but is derived from those financial statements.
      Further information relating to these statutory financial statements disclosed in
      accordance with section 436 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap.
      622) is as follows:


      The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended
      December 31, 2018 to the Registrar of Companies as required by section 662(3)
      of, and Part 3 of Schedule 6 to, the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


      The Company’s auditor has reported on those financial statements. The auditor’s
      report was unqualified; did not include a reference to any matters to which the
      auditor drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying its report; and did
      not contain a statement under sections 406(2), 407(2) or 407(3) of the Hong
      Kong Companies Ordinance.




68   Hang Lung Properties Limited
2. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

  The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for
  the current accounting period.

  HKFRS 16


  HKFRS 16 replaces HKAS 17, Leases, and the related interpretations, HK(IFRIC) 4,
  Determining whether an arrangement contains a lease, HK(SIC) 15, Operating leases –
  incentives, and HK(SIC) 27, Evaluating the substance of transactions involving the legal
  form of a lease.


  The key changes to the Group’s accounting policies resulting from the adoption of
  HKFRS 16 are summarized below.

  As a lessee


  As a lessee, the Group previously classified leases as operating or finance leases under
  HKAS 17 based on its assessment of whether the lease transferred significantly all of the
  risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset to the Group. Under
  HKFRS 16, the Group is required to capitalize all leases when it is the lessee, including
  leases previously classified as operating leases under HKAS 17.


  The Group decided to apply recognition exemptions to short-term leases that have a
  lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. For leases of other assets,
  the Group recognized right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.

  As a lessor


  HKFRS 16 does not substantially change how a lessor accounts for leases under HKAS
  17.




                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited   69
2. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      Transition

      The Group applied HKFRS 16 with a date of initial application of January 1, 2019
      using the modified retrospective approach, under which the cumulative effect of
      initial application is recognized in the opening balances at January 1, 2019.


      (a) Leases previously classified as operating leases under HKAS 17


            At transition, lease liabilities were measured at the present value of the
            remaining lease payments, discounted at the Group’s incremental borrowing
            rate as of January 1, 2019. Right-of-use assets are measured at an amount
            equal to the lease liability, adjusted by the amount of any prepaid or accrued
            lease payments.


            The Group used the following practical expedients when applying HKFRS 16
            to leases previously classified as operating leases under HKAS 17:


            –     applied the exemption not to recognize right-of-use assets and liabilities
                  for leases with a remaining lease term of less than 12 months as of
                  January 1, 2019; and


            –     excluded initial direct costs from measuring the right-of-use asset at the
                  date of initial application.


      (b) Leases previously classified as finance leases under HKAS 17


            For leases that were previously classified as finance leases under HKAS 17,
            the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset and the lease liability at January
            1, 2019 are determined at the carrying amount of the lease asset and
            lease liability under HKAS 17 immediately before that date. The accounting
            caption of “finance lease obligations” is changed to “lease liabilities”.




70   Hang Lung Properties Limited
2. CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

  Impacts on the consolidated financial statements

  On transition to HKFRS 16, HK$320 million were reclassified from finance lease
  obligations to lease liabilities, and the Group recognized an additional HK$11 million of
  right-of-use assets and HK$11 million of lease liabilities. Such right-of-use assets are
  presented within investment properties. There was no impact on the opening balance of
  equity.

  Annual Improvement to HKFRSs 2015–2017 cycles: Amendments to HKAS 23


  The Amendments to HKAS 23 clarify that the general borrowings pool used to calculate
  eligible borrowing costs excludes only borrowings that specifically finance qualifying
  assets that are still under development or construction. Borrowings that were intended to
  specifically finance qualifying assets that are now ready for their intended use or sale, or
  any non-qualifying assets, are included in that general pool.

  Impacts on the consolidated financial statements


  In accordance with the transitional provisions, the Group has applied those amendments
  to borrowing costs incurred on or after January 1, 2019, the date of initial application.
  Consequently, additional borrowing costs of HK$323 million were capitalized to
  properties under development for the six months ended June 30, 2019.


  However, the additional capitalization neither impacted the overall profit for the period nor
  carrying value of properties under development which are stated at fair value.




                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited   71
3. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

      The Group manages its businesses according to the nature of services and
      products provided. Management has determined three reportable operating
      segments for the measurement of performance and the allocation of resources.
      The segments are property leasing in mainland China, property leasing in Hong
      Kong and property sales in Hong Kong.

      Property leasing segments include property leasing operation. The Group’s
      investment properties portfolio, which mainly consists of retail, office, residential,
      serviced apartments and carparks, are primarily located in mainland China and
      Hong Kong. Property sales segment includes development and sale of the
      Group’s trading properties in Hong Kong.

      Management evaluates performance primarily based on profit before taxation.

      Segment assets principally comprise all non-current assets and current assets
      directly attributable to each segment with the exception of interest in joint
      ventures, other assets, cash and deposits with banks and assets held for sale.
      The investment properties of the Group are included in segment assets at
      their fair values whilst the changes in fair value of properties are not included
      in segment profits. No segment liabilities analysis is presented as the Group
      monitors and manages its liabilities on a group basis.

      (a) Disaggregation of revenue

            Revenue for the six months ended June 30, 2019 is analyzed as follows:

            HK$ Million                                             2019             2018

            Under the scope of HKFRS 16
              (2018: HKAS 17), Leases:
            Rental income                                           3,808           3,700
            Under the scope of HKFRS 15, Revenue
              from contracts with customers:
            Sales of completed properties                                –          1,032
            Building management fees and
              other rental related income                             396             418
                                                                      396           1,450
                                                                    4,204           5,150


72   Hang Lung Properties Limited
3. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

  (b) Revenue and results by segments

      HK$ Million                                     Revenue             Profit before taxation
                                                    2019        2018            2019            2018

      Segment
      Property leasing
        – Mainland China                           2,190        2,171          1,487           1,447
        – Hong Kong                                2,014        1,947          1,730           1,670
                                                   4,204        4,118          3,217           3,117
      Property sales
        – Hong Kong                                     –       1,032                –            565
      Segment total                                4,204        5,150          3,217           3,682
      Other net income                                                             4               70
      Administrative expenses                                                   (317)            (292)
      Operating profit before changes
        in fair value of properties                                            2,904           3,460
      Net increase in fair value of properties                                 1,438           2,456
        – property leasing in Hong Kong                                        1,334           2,216
        – property leasing in mainland China                                    (362)            240
        – upon transfer from completed properties for sale
           in Hong Kong to investment properties                                 466                   –
      Net interest income/(expense)                                                88            (286)
        – interest income                                                          96             256
        – finance costs                                                            (8)           (542)
      Share of profits of joint ventures                                           38              54
      Profit before taxation                                                   4,468           5,684




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited       73
3. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

      (c) Total assets by segments

            HK$ Million                              Total assets
                                                  June 30, December 31,
                                                     2019         2018

            Segment
            Property leasing
              – Mainland China                    112,166       103,489
              – Hong Kong                          67,656        66,634
                                                  179,822       170,123
            Property sales
              – Hong Kong                           4,337           2,443
            Segment total                         184,159       172,566
            Interest in joint ventures              1,346         1,330
            Other assets                               93            93
            Cash and deposits with banks            6,208        12,363
            Assets held for sale                      110           101
            Total assets                          191,916       186,453


4. OTHER NET INCOME

      HK$ Million                                    2019           2018

      Ineffectiveness on cash flow hedges               1               –
      Gain on disposal of investment properties         –             45
      Gain on disposal of assets held for sale          –             25
      Others                                            3              –
                                                        4             70




74   Hang Lung Properties Limited
5. NET INTEREST INCOME/(EXPENSE)

  HK$ Million                                                                             2019                2018

  Interest income on bank deposits                                                           96                 256
  Interest expense on bank loans and other borrowings                                       724                 619
  Interest expense on lease liabilities (Note 21)                                             8                   8
  Other borrowing costs                                                                      23                  15
  Total borrowing costs                                                                     755                 642
  Less: Borrowing costs capitalized                                                        (747)               (100)
  Finance costs                                                                                8                542
  Net interest income/(expense)                                                              88                (286)


6. PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

  HK$ Million                                                                             2019                2018

  Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:
  Cost of properties sold                                                                     –                 350
  Staff costs (Note)                                                                        652                 633
  Depreciation                                                                               22                  22

  Note: The staff costs included employee share-based payments of HK$26 million (2018: HK$34 million). If the
        amounts not recognized in the statement of profit or loss, such as amounts capitalized to investment properties
        under development, were accounted for, staff costs would have been HK$813 million (2018: HK$755 million).




                                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   75
7. TAXATION

      (a) Provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% (2018: 16.5%)
          of the estimated assessable profits for the period. Mainland China Income
          Tax mainly represents mainland China Corporate Income Tax calculated at
          25% (2018: 25%) and mainland China withholding income tax calculated
          at the applicable rates. A withholding tax of 5% is levied on the Hong Kong
          companies in respect of dividend distributions arising from profits of foreign
          investment enterprises in mainland China earned after January 1, 2008.


            HK$ Million                                           2019           2018

            Current tax
              Hong Kong Profits Tax                                269            283
              Mainland China Income Tax                            327            379
            Total current tax                                      596            662
            Deferred tax
              Changes in fair value of properties                   40              66
              Other origination and reversal of
                temporary differences                               62               8
               Total deferred tax                                  102              74
            Total income tax expense                               698            736


      (b) There is no tax effect relating to the components of the other comprehensive
          income for the period.




76   Hang Lung Properties Limited
8. DIVIDENDS

  (a) Interim dividend

      HK$ Million                                                  2019                 2018

      Proposed after the end of the reporting period:
        HK17 cents (2018: HK17 cents) per share                      765                  765


      The dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognized
      as a liability at the end of the reporting period.

  (b) Final dividend approved and paid during the six months ended June 30, 2019


      HK$ Million                                                  2019                 2018

      2018 Final dividend of HK58 cents
        (2017: HK58 cents) per share                               2,609               2,609




                                                                 Hang Lung Properties Limited   77
9. EARNINGS PER SHARE

      (a) The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the
          following data:


            HK$ Million                                                            2019                2018

            Earnings used in calculating basic and
              diluted earnings per share
              (net profit attributable to shareholders)                           3,516               4,689


                                                                                 Number of shares
                                                                                    2019                2018

            Weighted average number of shares used in
               calculating basic earnings per share                      4,497,718,670        4,497,645,393
            Effect of dilutive potential shares – share options                      –              754,332
            Weighted average number of shares used in
              calculating diluted earnings per share                     4,497,718,670        4,498,399,725

            Note: Diluted earnings per share were the same as the basic earnings per share for the period as
                  there was no dilutive effect on the potential ordinary shares during the six months ended June
                  30, 2019.




78   Hang Lung Properties Limited
9. EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)

   (b) The underlying net profit attributable to shareholders, which excluded changes in
       fair value of properties net of related income tax and non-controlling interests, is
       calculated as follows:

       HK$ Million                                                   2019                 2018

       Net profit attributable to shareholders                       3,516               4,689
       Effect of changes in fair value of properties                (1,438)              (2,456)
       Effect of corresponding income tax                              107                   66
       Effect of changes in fair value of
          investment properties of joint ventures                       (13)                 (28)
                                                                    (1,344)              (2,418)
       Non-controlling interests                                        57                   48
                                                                    (1,287)              (2,370)
       Underlying net profit attributable to shareholders            2,229               2,319


       The earnings per share based on underlying net profit attributable to shareholders
       were:


                                                                     2019                 2018

       Basic                                                     HK$0.50             HK$0.52
       Diluted                                                   HK$0.50             HK$0.52




                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited   79
10. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
    UNDER DEVELOPMENT

      (a) Additions

            During the six months ended June 30, 2019, additions to investment
            properties and investment properties under development amounted to
            HK$9,929 million (2018: HK$4,936 million). The additions included the final
            payment to Hangzhou Land Resources Bureau for acquiring the land in
            Xiacheng District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, PRC.

      (b) Valuation

            The investment properties and investment properties under development
            of the Group were revalued as of June 30, 2019 by Mr. Charles C.K. Chan,
            Registered Professional Surveyor (General Practice), of Savills Valuation and
            Professional Services Limited, on a market value basis.

11. CASH AND DEPOSITS WITH BANKS

      At the end of the reporting period, the Group had cash and deposits with banks
      with currencies denominated in:

      HK$ Million                                              June 30, December 31,
                                                                  2019         2018

      Hong Kong Dollars                                           3,484           4,673

      Hong Kong Dollars equivalent of:
      Renminbi                                                    2,715           7,681
      United States Dollars                                           9               9
                                                                  6,208         12,363

      After deducting cash and deposits from bank loans and other borrowings, the
      net debt position of the Group at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

      HK$ Million                                              June 30, December 31,
                                                                  2019         2018

      Bank loans and other borrowings                            31,615          27,253
      Less: Cash and deposits                                     (6,208)       (12,363)
      Net debt                                                   25,407         14,890



80   Hang Lung Properties Limited
12. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

  (a) Included in trade and other receivables are trade receivables (based on the due date)
      with the following aging analysis:

      HK$ Million                                                  June 30, December 31,
                                                                      2019         2018

      Not past due or less than 1 month past due                           16                   13
      1–3 months past due                                                   3                    4
      More than 3 months past due                                           2                    2
                                                                           21                   19


      The Group maintains a defined credit policy including stringent credit evaluation on
      and payment of a rental deposit from tenants. In addition to the payment of rental
      deposits, tenants are required to pay monthly rents in respect of leased properties in
      advance. Receivables are regularly reviewed and closely monitored to minimize any
      associated credit risk. Given the Group has not experienced any significant credit
      losses in the past and holds sufficient rental deposits from tenants to cover the
      potential exposure to credit risk, the allowance for expected credit losses is therefore
      insignificant.

  (b) Included in other receivables of the Group is a deposit of land acquisition in mainland
      China of HK$284 million (December 31, 2018: HK$285 million).




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited    81
13. BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

      At the end of the reporting period, the Group had HK$11,283 million (December
      31, 2018: HK$16,224 million) of committed undrawn banking facilities.


      In addition, the Group has a USD3 billion (December 31, 2018: USD3 billion)
      Medium Term Note Program and a RMB10 billion (December 31, 2018: RMB10
      billion) green bond program. At the end of the reporting period, the Group issued
      in total an equivalent of HK$13,501 million (December 31, 2018: HK$13,508
      million) of bonds with coupon rates ranging from 2.95% to 5.00% (December 31,
      2018: 2.95% to 5.00%) per annum.


14. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

      (a) Included in trade and other payables are trade creditors with the following
          aging analysis:


            HK$ Million                                      June 30, December 31,
                                                                2019         2018

            Due within 3 months                                 1,787           1,737
            Due after 3 months                                    665             850
                                                                2,452           2,587


      (b) Included in trade and other payables is an amount of HK$601 million
          (December 31, 2018: Nil) due to a fellow subsidiary, which is the joint
          developer of a project at Electric Road in which the Group and the fellow
          subsidiary hold respective interests of 66.67% and 33.33%. The amount
          represents the contribution by the fellow subsidiary in proportion to its
          interest to finance the above project, and is unsecured, non-interest bearing
          and has no fixed terms of repayment.




82   Hang Lung Properties Limited
15. ASSETS HELD FOR SALE

  On June 26, 2019, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an
  independent third party to dispose of all the car parking spaces held at Laichikok Bay
  Garden in Hong Kong. Accordingly, the relevant assets are presented as assets held for
  sale. The completion of the transaction is scheduled to take place in September 2019.

  HK$ Million                                                   June 30, December 31,
                                                                   2019         2018

  Investment properties                                               110                  101
  Deferred tax liabilities                                                –                      3


  The balance at December 31, 2018 represented:


  –    a disposal group relating to the residential unit and several car parking spaces at
       Garden Terrace in Hong Kong which were disposed of in April 2019; and


  –    an investment property of a car parking space at The Long Beach in Hong Kong
       which was disposed of in February 2019.


16. SHARE CAPITAL

  Movements of the Company’s ordinary shares are set out below:


                                          June 30, 2019            December 31, 2018
                                      Number of   Amount of       Number of         Amount of
                                         shares share capital        shares       share capital
                                         Million HK$ Million         Million       HK$ Million

  Ordinary shares, issued and
    fully paid:
  At January 1                             4,498       39,915          4,498            39,912
  Shares issued under share option
    scheme                                     –            –                 –                  3
  At June 30/December 31                   4,498       39,915          4,498            39,915




                                                                  Hang Lung Properties Limited       83
17. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES

      The share option scheme adopted by the Company on November 22, 2002 (the
      “2002 Share Option Scheme”) was terminated upon the adoption of a new share
      option scheme on April 18, 2012 (the “2012 Share Option Scheme”). No further
      options shall be offered under the 2002 Share Option Scheme, but all options
      granted prior to such termination and not exercised at the date of termination
      shall remain valid. The share options granted under the above two share option
      schemes to the directors and employees are at nominal consideration and each
      share option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one share.


      The movements of share options of the Company during the six months ended
      June 30, 2019 were as follows:

      (a) 2002 Share Option Scheme


                                                    Number of share options                        Period during Exercise
                                   Outstanding on                Forfeited/ Outstanding on        which options     price
            Date granted          January 1, 2019   Exercised      Lapsed June 30, 2019          are exercisable   (HK$)

            February 8, 2010 to       13,380,000            –            –      13,380,000   February 8, 2012 to   26.46 –
              June 1, 2010                                                                        May 31, 2020      27.27


            July 29, 2010 to          30,990,000            –     (300,000)     30,690,000      July 29, 2012 to   30.79 –
              June 13, 2011                                                                      June 12, 2021      36.90
            Total                     44,370,000            –     (300,000)     44,070,000


            All the above options may vest after two to five years of the grant date
            and are exercisable up to the tenth anniversary of the date of grant, after
            which they will lapse. No options were exercised or cancelled during the six
            months ended June 30, 2019.


            During the six months ended June 30, 2019, 300,000 options (2018: Nil)
            were forfeited upon cessations of the grantees’ employments and no option
            (2018: 200,000 options) lapsed due to the expiry of the period for exercising
            the options.




84   Hang Lung Properties Limited
17. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (Continued)

   (b) 2012 Share Option Scheme

                                           Number of share options                           Period during    Exercise
                          Outstanding on                  Forfeited/ Outstanding on         which options        price
      Date granted       January 1, 2019     Granted        Lapsed June 30, 2019           are exercisable      (HK$)

      June 4, 2013           27,350,000            –      (760,000)     26,590,000        June 4, 2015 to       28.20
                                                                                            June 3, 2023


      December 5, 2014       23,622,000            –      (692,000)     22,930,000    December 5, 2016 to       22.60
                                                                                        December 4, 2024


      August 10, 2017        39,495,000            –    (1,695,000)     37,800,000     August 10, 2019 to       19.98
                                                                                          August 9, 2027


      May 16, 2018           10,000,000            –             –      10,000,000        May 16, 2020 to       18.98
                                                                                            May 15, 2028


      June 28, 2019                   – 55,492,000               –      55,492,000       June 28, 2021 to       18.58
                                                                                           June 27, 2029
      Total                 100,467,000 55,492,000      (3,147,000)    152,812,000


      All the above options may vest after two to five years of the grant date and are
      exercisable up to the tenth anniversary of the date of grant, after which they will
      lapse. No options were exercised or cancelled during the six months ended June 30,
      2019.


      In respect of options granted during the six months ended June 30, 2019, the
      closing price of the shares immediately before the date of grant was HK$18.52.




                                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited      85
17. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (Continued)

      (b) 2012 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

            During the six months ended June 30, 2019, 3,147,000 (2018: 2,708,000)
            options were forfeited upon cessations of the grantees’ employments.


            The fair value of share options granted was estimated at the date of grant
            using the Black-Scholes pricing model taking into account the terms and
            conditions upon which the options were granted. In respect of the share
            options granted during the six months ended June 30, 2019, the fair value,
            terms and conditions, and assumptions were as follows:


            Fair value at grant date                                           HK$2.45
            Share price at grant date                                         HK$18.58
            Exercise price                                                    HK$18.58
            Risk-free interest rate                                              1.39%
            Expected life (in years)                                                 6
            Expected volatility                                                 23.38%
            Expected dividends per share                                       HK$0.75

            The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility and the expected
            dividends per share are based on historical dividends. Changes in the above
            assumptions could materially affect the fair value estimate.




86   Hang Lung Properties Limited
18. RESERVES

  HK$ Million                                                      Other reserves
                                                                              Employee
                                                                 Investment share-based
                                           Exchange     Hedging revaluation compensation             Retained        Total
                                             reserve     reserve     reserve     reserve    Total      profits    reserves

  At January 1, 2019                          (1,801)      (143)            93      734    (1,117)     98,763      97,646
  Profit for the period                            –          –              –        –         –       3,516       3,516
  Exchange difference arising from
    translation to presentation currency        (373)         –              –        –      (373)           –        (373)
  Cash flow hedges: net movement
    in hedging reserve                             –         70              –        –        70            –            70
  Total comprehensive income for
    the period                                  (373)        70              –        –      (303)      3,516       3,213
  Final dividend in respect of
    previous financial year                        –          –              –        –         –      (2,609)      (2,609)
  Employee share-based payments                    –          –              –       10        10          16           26
  At June 30, 2019                            (2,174)       (73)            93      744    (1,410)     99,686      98,276

  At January 1, 2018                           1,573       (134)            85      727     2,251      93,995      96,246
  Profit for the period                            –          –              –        –         –       4,689       4,689
  Exchange difference arising from
    translation to presentation currency        (695)         –              –         –     (695)           –        (695)
  Cash flow hedges: net movement
    in hedging reserve                             –         11              –        –        11            –            11
  Net change in fair value of
    equity investments                             –          –              2        –         2            –             2
  Total comprehensive income for
    the period                                  (695)        11              2        –      (682)      4,689       4,007
  Final dividend in respect of
    previous financial year                        –          –              –        –         –       (2,609)     (2,609)
  Employee share-based payments                    –          –              –       22        22           12          34
  At June 30, 2018                              878        (123)            87      749     1,591      96,087      97,678




                                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited        87
19. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      The fair value of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at the end of the
      reporting period on a recurring basis, categorized into the three-level fair value
      hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which
      a fair value measurement is classified and determined with reference to the
      observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique is as
      follows:

      •     Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only level 1 inputs i.e.
            unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at
            the measurement date

      •     Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using level 2 inputs i.e. observable
            inputs which fail to meet level 1, and not using significant unobservable
            inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not
            available.

      •     Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

      (a) Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value

            i)    Derivative financial instruments – cross currency swaps

                  The fair value of cross currency swaps as of June 30, 2019 of HK$36
                  million recorded under “Trade and other receivables” (December 31,
                  2018: HK$1 million recorded under “Trade and other receivables” and
                  HK$10 million recorded under “Trade and other payables”) in Level 2 is
                  determined based on the amount that the Group would receive or pay
                  to terminate the swaps at the end of the reporting period taking into
                  account current interest rates and current creditworthiness of the swap
                  counter-parties.

            ii)   Investment in equity instruments

                  The fair value of non-publicly traded equity investments as of June 30,
                  2019 of HK$93 million (December 31, 2018: HK$93 million) in Level 3 is
                  determined by reference to the net asset value of these investments.




88   Hang Lung Properties Limited
19. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

  (a) Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value (Continued)


      iii)   Transfers of instruments between the three-level fair value hierarchy

             During the six months ended June 30, 2019, there was no transfer of
             instruments between Level 1 and Level 2, or transfer into or out of Level 3 (2018:
             Nil). The Group’s policy is to recognize transfers between levels of fair value
             hierarchy as of the end of the reporting period in which they occur.


  (b) Financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value

      The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or
      amortized cost were not materially different from their fair values as of December 31,
      2018 and June 30, 2019.


20. COMMITMENTS

  At the end of the reporting period, capital commitments not provided for in the interim
  financial report were as follows:

  HK$ Million                                                         June 30, December 31,
                                                                         2019         2018

  Contracted for                                                            6,898               14,255
  Authorized but not contracted for                                        25,509               20,556
                                                                           32,407               34,811


  The above commitments include mainly the land costs and construction related costs to
  be incurred in respect of the Group’s development of its investment properties in various
  cities in mainland China.




                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited   89
21. COMPARATIVE FIGURES

      The Group applied HKFRS 16 at January 1, 2019 using the modified
      retrospective method. Under this method, comparative information is not
      restated. As a result, the balance of lease liabilities as of December 31, 2018
      in the consolidated statement of financial position and the amount of interest
      element of lease rentals paid for the six months ended June 30, 2018 in the
      condensed consolidated cash flow statement represent the amounts in respect
      of finance leases under HKAS 17 only.


      The Group applied Amendments to HKAS 23 at January 1, 2019 using a
      prospective approach according to the transitional provisions. Comparative
      information is not restated.


      Further details of the changes in accounting policies are disclosed in note 2.


22. REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT

      The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by the Audit
      Committee. It was authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on July 30,
      2019.




90   Hang Lung Properties Limited
GLOSSARY

FINANCIAL TERMS

Finance costs:             Total of interest expense on total borrowings and other borrowing
                           costs, net of amount capitalized


Total borrowings:          Total of bank loans and other borrowings, net of unamortized
                           other borrowing costs


Net debt:                  Total borrowings net of cash and deposits with banks


Net profit attributable    Profit for the period (after tax) less amounts attributable to non-
 to shareholders:          controlling interests


Underlying net profit      Net profit attributable to shareholders excluding changes in fair
 attributable to           value of properties net of related income tax and non-controlling
 shareholders:             interests

FINANCIAL RATIOS


Basic               Profit attributable to shareholders                         Total borrowings
                                                            Debt to
earnings     =                                                           =
                      Weighted average number of            equity                 Total equity
per share
                     shares in issue during the period


Net assets                      Net assets                  Net debt                 Net debt
             =                                                           =
per share             Weighted average number of            to equity              Total equity
                     shares in issue during the period


                  Operating profit before changes in fair
Interest                   value of properties
             =
cover               Finance costs before capitalization
                           less interest income




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   91
INFORMATION FOR INVESTORS

FINANCIAL CALENDAR

Financial period                                January 1, 2019 to June 30, 2019
Announcement of interim results                                      July 30, 2019
Latest time for lodging transfers               4:30 p.m. on September 11, 2019
Closure of share register            September 12 to 13, 2019 (both days inclusive)
Record date for interim dividend                             September 13, 2019
Payment date for interim dividend                            September 26, 2019

SHARE LISTING

As at June 30, 2019, 4,497,718,670 shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited. It has a sponsored American Depositary Receipt (ADR) Program
in the New York market.


STOCK CODE

Hong Kong Stock Exchange: 00101
Reuters: 0101.HK
Bloomberg: 101 HK
CUSIP Number/Ticker Symbol for ADR Code: 41043M104/HLPPY


SHARE INFORMATION

Share price as at June 30, 2019: HK$18.58
Market capitalization as at June 30, 2019: HK$83.57 billion


SHARE REGISTRAR

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
17M Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Tel: 2862 8555
Fax: 2865 0990


INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT

C.F. Kwan
Email address: ir@hanglung.com

92   Hang Lung Properties Limited
