2022
     CONTENTS

 2   Corporate Information

 3   Chair’s Letter to Shareholders

20   Vice Chair’s Notes

25   Financial Highlights

26   Review of Operations

45   Other Information

54   Independent Auditor’s Review Report

56   Financial Statements

79   Glossary

80   Information for Investors
CORPORATE INFORMATION


DIRECTORS                                     AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

Ronnie C. Chan GBM (Chair)                    Weber W.P. Lo
Adriel Chan (Vice Chair)                      Winnie Ma
Weber W.P. Lo (Chief Executive Officer)
Nelson W.L. Yuen*                             COMPANY SECRETARY
Dominic C.F. Ho*
Philip N.L. Chen#                             Winnie Ma
Andrew K.C. Chan BBS, JP *
H.K. Chang GBS, JP *                          REGISTERED OFFICE
Anita Y.M. Fung BBS, JP *
Kenneth K.K. Chiu (Chief Financial Officer)   28th Floor
                                              Standard Chartered Bank Building
#
    Non-Executive Director
                                              4 Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong
* Independent Non-Executive Director
                                              Tel: 2879 0111
                                              Fax: 2868 6086
AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                              Website: http://www.hanglung.com
                                              Email: HLProperties@hanglung.com
Dominic C.F. Ho (Chair)
Andrew K.C. Chan BBS, JP
H.K. Chang GBS, JP                            AUDITOR
Anita Y.M. Fung BBS, JP
                                              KPMG
                                              Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with
NOMINATION AND                                  the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Nelson W.L. Yuen (Chair)
Dominic C.F. Ho
H.K. Chang GBS, JP
Anita Y.M. Fung BBS, JP




2    Hang Lung Properties Limited
CHAIR’S LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS


RESULTS AND DIVIDEND

For the six months ended June 30, 2022, revenue rose 7% to HK$5,302 million. Overall
rental revenue remained stable at HK$4,986 million despite a resurgence of COVID-19 both
on the Mainland and in Hong Kong. Net profit attributable to shareholders fell by 13% to
HK$1,948 million. Earnings per share retreated similarly to HK$0.43.


Underlying net profit attributable to shareholders increased by 1% to HK$2,217 million when
excluding property revaluation and all related effects. Underlying earnings per share stood
at HK$0.49. We recorded a minor revaluation loss both on the Mainland and in Hong Kong.
The year before, we had a slight gain.


The Board has declared an interim dividend of HK18 cents per share payable on September
29, 2022 to shareholders of record on September 15, 2022.


BUSINESS REVIEW

Since my last Letter to Shareholders of six months ago, it is truly amazing how much the
world has changed. So has every major business almost anywhere in the world, and we are
no exception. Recent global and domestic events have caused us to seriously review our
strategy and our operations. I will write more in the next section under “Prospects”.


Given the market conditions, I believe that we have turned in a rather respectable set of
results. It may pleasantly surprise many.


In recent years, our two shopping centers in Shanghai — Plaza 66 and Grand Gateway 66
— accounted for slightly more than half of our Mainland rentals, or almost a third of total
rental revenue for the Company when Hong Kong is taken into consideration. Due to the
government policies of the past few months in response to the pandemic, those two malls
were forced to completely close for about two months. Dine-in facilities were not allowed to
operate for about three and a half months. Of the remaining eight facilities, four experienced
shorter periods of lockdown. Everywhere, footfall fell. Rent relief measures like those of 2020
had to be reinstated in some cities.




                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited   3
Given this set of adverse externalities, it is quite encouraging that our total rental revenue
on the Mainland, in RMB terms, managed to slightly exceed the same period a year ago.
Retail rents collected were almost on par with those of last year’s. The loss in revenue in
Shanghai was more than made up by the gains from three areas: remarkable rental jumps in
the malls in Heartland 66 in Wuhan and Olympia 66 in Dalian, as well as the continued strong
performance of our Mainland office portfolio. All three of our new office towers, in Heartland
66 in Wuhan, Spring City 66 in Kunming, and Center 66 in Wuxi, saw significant increases in
rents.


The message is clear. Whereas I expect our two Shanghai complexes to continue to perform
strongly in the coming few years, our other luxury properties are growing at a much higher
rate. They will account for an increasing percentage of our total revenue. This is especially
true of our malls in Wuxi (Center 66), Dalian (Olympia 66), Kunming (Spring City 66), and
Wuhan (Heartland 66).


Taking the Company as a whole, total revenue rose 7% to HK$5,302 million. Rental income
was flat at HK$4,986 million. The difference between the two numbers came from the sale of
a house at our Blue Pool Road project, the profit margin therefrom being 52%.


Overall rental margin slightly retreated to 72%. On the Mainland, it fell one point to 67%, and
in Hong Kong, two points to 81%. Given the market conditions, these are to be expected
and are due to minor bad debt provision. The same was experienced in 2020, of which some
was subsequently recovered in 2021.


Over the six months being reviewed, six of our 10 Mainland shopping centers endured
varying lengths of complete suspension. Even when shopping was allowed, dine-ins were
often prevented. (In Jinan, where Parc 66 is located, authorities stopped dine-ins and
operations of education related tenants, but did not shut down entire retail complexes.)
Consequently, tenant sales could not but fall compared to the same period last year. Not
counting Heartland 66 in Wuhan which opened in March 2021, on a like-for-like basis, total
tenant sales at our remaining nine complexes fell 23%.


Fortunately, our other malls performed superbly, especially the newer luxury ones. Spring
City 66 in Kunming and Center 66 in Wuxi both contributed nicely, in spite of the nine-day
complete shutdown at the latter property. But as I had previously suggested to shareholders,
the star performers would be Olympia 66 in Dalian and Heartland 66 in Wuhan. And they
were.



4   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Phase two at Olympia 66 in Dalian only opened little more than a year ago and is still filling
up. Yet the arrival of top fashion brands in the past two years has completely transformed
its character. Tenant sales shot up, followed gradually by rents. Rental reversions have been
healthy. Over the next year or two, I anticipate not only a rise in occupancy, but also in
average unit rent and rental margin.


Barely 15 months old, Heartland 66 in Wuhan has probably the fastest ramp up we have
ever seen among all our malls. Tenant sales are already approaching that of Spring City 66 in
Kunming, which is 19 months older. The property is being filled up and rental margin is rising
nicely.


Rental margin is a particularly useful number to watch. For our mature luxury malls, like the
two in Shanghai, it is at the high 80% and even low 90%. In tier-two cities, the same product
type should be able to achieve mid-to-high 70%, if not low 80%. Center 66 in Wuxi is already
approaching that range. Spring City 66 in Kunming and Heartland 66 in Wuhan should in
time succeed. Olympia 66 in Dalian, being a much bigger facility, may one day achieve the
lower end of that range. Frankly, there are few businesses that are as simple as ours yet
enjoy these margins.


On the other hand, our sub-luxury malls should be able to make it to the high 50% and low
60% range. Parc 66 in Jinan is well on its way, although the present Asset Enhancement
Initiative (AEI) will give it a brief pause. By way of comparison, our Hong Kong retail spaces,
all being older properties, have an average rental margin in the low to mid 80%.


Another reason we did not see a drop in total rent on the Mainland was the stellar
performance of our offices. It did well last year and the momentum so far sustained.
Additional income from rent reversion, especially from shrinking vacancies, brought in RMB74
million more, which represented an increase of 16% from the year before. Six months ago,
I explained how we could succeed in a highly competitive and oversupplied market. Here is
another proof.


Conrad Shenyang is, so far, our only hotel that has opened on the Mainland. Under the
throes of pandemic related restrictions, revenue could not have been exciting. But we play
for the long haul. At Center 66 in Wuxi, we signed up the Hilton Group to manage our small
boutique hotel under the Curio Collection brand. It is planned to have 106 keys and should
open for business in late 2024.




                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited   5
In Hong Kong, the fifth wave of the pandemic caused havoc. For three and a half months
out of the past six, restaurant hours were seriously curbed, and their relaxation only came
gradually. We were fortunate to have kept overall tenant sales from falling compared to the
same period last year. But comparing to the second half of 2021, the number was down by
15%. Retail rental revenue after rent relief amortization fell 3%. Occupancy held up at 98%
while rental margin was slightly lower at 82%. Rental reversion was, however, more affected,
which would render future rent levels lower.


Office revenues in Hong Kong also suffered. While occupancy held up, we took in 7% less
and rental margin retreated four points to 83%. Average unit rent was down and rental
revenue came under pressure. All these are a reflection of our city’s mode of dealing with
the pandemic, which has cut us off economically from much of the world. Six months ago, I
discussed this issue extensively and will not repeat it here. Not much has changed since that
time.

PROSPECTS

We live in a globalized world of which our primary market, China, is an integral part. What
happens in other parts of the world can quickly impact the Chinese economy, and so our
business. This is why in the past decade or two, I have presented to shareholders, on
this platform, Management’s view on global issues that may affect us. They range from
geopolitics to geo-economics, and from technological developments to environmental issues.
I have also attempted to make sense of Beijing’s domestic policies that concern us, even if
only indirectly.


In the past few years, we have devoted considerable time to discussing the deterioration of
China-U.S. relations. It has the potential of bifurcating the world, which would fundamentally
change the way the global economy is organized and how business is conducted. As a
company investing exclusively in China, we would not be spared. Not recognizing this, or
misreading this ever-changing bilateral relations, may have grave consequences.




6   Hang Lung Properties Limited
But, out of the blue, two new issues appeared that further complicate our analyses. Two
and a half years ago, COVID-19 emerged and changed the world. Further surprises may yet
surface. It is likely that the pandemic will, one day soon, become endemic. However, before
we could fully digest all its ramifications, the Ukraine War erupted in February this year. This
too will alter the face of the world.


Tragic and mostly immoral as wars are, human history is littered with them. In the present
case, it is not the conflict itself that is changing the world, but the reactions of the West, a
supposedly third party. The effects will be monumental and long-lasting. Since World War
II (WWII), I can only think of very few events that are in that league. The reform and opening
up of China in late 1978 was one, and the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 was another. Both
happened with little fanfare, but not this time. The last two incidents, in some sense, united
the world. This time, it divides the world. No major businesses are spared, ours included. We
must rethink our future. Consider the following consequences of the war.


First, global capital flow will be disrupted and altered. When the U.S. can, at will, freeze U.S.
dollar-denominated assets of countries and individuals, will the rest of the world still keep
its wealth where this can happen? This by no means applies only to America’s enemies or
neutral parties. Her allies are also watching. The Trump administration shows the world that
anything can happen in American domestic politics. Come 2024, Donald Trump or someone
like him may occupy the White House. Will America’s behavior around the world deteriorate
further? Given the power the U.S. wields everywhere, none of us is immune. Everyone is
watching with trepidation.


As a result, many will begin to take steps to shield their assets from the reach of Uncle Sam.
Few will tell others about it, but once a collective momentum builds up, no one will be able
to stem the tide. This may alter the existing global financial architecture. New York City and
London may still be the biggest financial hubs, but a number of smaller centers may appear.
Since WWII, major troubles elsewhere have caused capital to flow towards the U.S., or at
least into U.S. dollars. This phenomenon may begin to change.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   7
To meddle in SWIFT, the world’s biggest transaction and payment platform, is to deploy
a financial nuclear weapon. This time, the U.S. did the unthinkable. The U.S. can at will
stop certain banks from conducting transactions through the system. Doubtless, this will
cause many countries to gradually switch to parallel platforms, a few of which are already
in existence. There will inevitably be a diffusion of financial transactions, which is a form of
deglobalization. Inefficiencies will result, which will, at least for some time to come, increase
costs.


Such weaponization of finance can combine to weaken the dominance of the U.S. dollar.
No single currency will be able to replace the greenback, although the Euro and RMB
are expected to gain popularity as transactional currencies. Witness the recent India coal
purchase contract with Russia that was denominated in RMB.


Nevertheless, Beijing needs to control the circulation of RMB as a tool to regulate China’s
domestic economy. As a result, I do not foresee Beijing desiring to open her currency to
capital accounts. Whatever the case, the weakening of the relative position of the U.S.
dollar cannot be good for America. If this happens, Washington, D.C. has no one to blame
but herself. Frankly, the greenback has been gradually losing ground, especially since the
creation of the Euro some 20 years ago.


Another serious consequence of the Ukraine War, of the West’s own making, is the spike in
energy prices. Hurting Moscow by limiting her sales of natural gas to Western Europe ends
up hurting herself as well. Where will Europe obtain in short order so much energy to replace
Russia’s supply? What will happen to countries like Germany when winter arrives? Her action
begs the question: who is Europe sanctioning — Russia or herself?!


It is easier for the U.S. to insist on sanctioning Russian natural gas, as she is across the
ocean and has plenty of resources domestically. Not so the case with Western Europe.
In the heat of anger, some people on both sides of the Atlantic are not thinking, let alone
thinking straight. Consider the U.S. having to go to her deadliest enemies like Venezuela and
Iran to beg for an increase in energy production. This happened soon after reports that the
leaders of traditional energy-rich friends like Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates (UAE)
declined a phone call from U.S. President Biden. When did such a thing ever happen? The
world that we have known since WWII has indeed changed!




8   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Since Peter the Great, Russia had wanted to be part of the West. The efforts lasted over
three centuries, but this year, she was officially rejected. Russian President Putin even stated
publicly that his country will now look east. By that, everyone understands it to mean primarily
China, which eagerly needs Russia’s energy resources, if not also its minerals and food.


Here is an interesting anecdote. Through a then Shanghai-based Russian shareholder of
this Company, I was invited in 2015 to speak at one of the two sessions on Asia at the St.
Petersburg International Economic Forum. The conference was supposedly attended by
some 9,000 people, but only 27 showed up to listen to me and two other speakers, one of
whom was Kevin Rudd, former Prime Minister of Australia. Now, I can safely assume that
should the same event be held today, it would attract a much larger crowd!


Russia looking east today does not worry me that much. Unlike much of the 20th century
when she was a big brother to China, today the tables have turned. China has a much bigger
and more advanced economy. Size-wise, it is almost nine times that of Russia. Economic
complementarity and both sharing a common threat from the U.S. will keep the two historical
enemies working together.


The one area of future concern may be Siberia. Russia looking east should mean the
development of the vast land between the Ural Mountains and the Pacific Ocean. Sharing a
4,300-kilometer border with China must give Moscow some concern. The Russian side of
that border is rich in natural resources but sparsely populated. On the other side, the reverse
is true. How these dynamics are managed will be critical to both countries.


Just as Russia sells energy and food to China, so will she sell energy and minerals to India,
a traditional friend and customer in the south. India also buys weapons from Moscow.
These are basically simple business transactions. However, Russia’s looking south towards
the Middle East may prove to be problematic to the world. Being almost a single industry
economy, that of oil and gas, Moscow may want to further influence energy-rich nations like
Iran and Israel, as well as almost all the countries between them. Her further involvement in
that region, which has always been a powder keg, may aggravate the situation.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   9
As I have elsewhere written, I expect that Israel and her immediate neighbors will become
major sources of natural gas to Europe. A deal was finally announced last month between
Egypt, Israel, and the European Union (EU). This is the first time that the countries by the
eastern Mediterranean Sea would become energy suppliers to Western Europe. It bypasses
the circuitous routes and troubled territories that traditional suppliers like Saudi Arabia, Qatar,
and the UAE have to endure.


It is difficult to expect Russia to do nothing while others take business away from her. The
departure of the U.S. from the region may further embolden Moscow. America’s traditional
allies in the neighborhood are all preparing for that eventuality. One of the messiest regions in
the world may become even more so.


The present war also brings short-term troubles that may turn into longer-term problems.
I seriously doubt if Western capitals had carefully considered the possible consequences
of their reactions to the War. Fuel price hikes, food shortages, as well as disruptions to the
movement of essential minerals are reverberating around the globe. Famine will likely result in
parts of Africa and beyond.


Both our natural and economic ecosystems are, in fact, quite fragile with little margin for error.
Consider what would happen if a major natural or manmade disaster were to take place at
this time, in almost anywhere in the world — an earthquake, tsunami, locusts, or a nuclear
power plant incident, etc. Environmental degradation is already causing trouble everywhere,
such as extreme weather, draught, flooding, forest fire, and more. The consequences of the
war mentioned above will be greatly exacerbated, which may well push the global economy
to the brink of collapse. I do not believe that this is too far-fetched a scenario to be taken
lightly.


As is always the case, famine or fuel shortage, let alone economic collapse, will incite riots
that can bring down governments. Historically, this is often how revolutions began. All these
problems will also bring on mass migrations, as witnessed in 2015 from the Middle East
to Europe. A likely movement this time may be from Africa across the Mediterranean into
Europe.


Those of us living in East Asia or the Americas may be spared from human migration, but
other effects of the Ukraine War would have ways to hurt us, and hurt they will. One is
increased inflation.




10   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Over the past few decades, most major economies have printed tremendous amounts of
paper money. That in itself is inflationary. But what none of us could have known before the
Ukraine War was its exacerbating effect on global price rise. The problem all too familiar to us
in the 1970s and early 1980s cannot but return.


Almost no country can tolerate inflation. To counter it, the interest rate has to rise. Business
will suffer but so will national governments if they have too much debt. The U.S. is a case in
point. Interest payments alone will eat up much of the revenue. Yes, the U.S. Federal Reserve
can always print more money but that game cannot continue indefinitely. Devaluation will
sooner or later erode the world’s confidence in the U.S. dollar.


Inflation is of particular concern to Europe. Many Western European countries rely heavily
on Russia’s natural gas. Either voluntarily or involuntarily, to not buy from Moscow is to cut
one’s own throat, for there are no easy alternative sources, at least insufficient for the near
to medium term. Fuel shortage is already fanning the flames of inflation. This, in turn, will stir
social discontent that would lead to political instability.


Frankly, many Europeans have entered into a state of collective hysteria. A highly intelligent
banker friend of mine from Italy, as well as a very successful high-tech entrepreneur living
in France, both see the recent Russia’s behavior as an existential threat to their countries. I
do not believe that Moscow has the intention or the ability to invade Italy or France. Nor is
NATO, under U.S. leadership, a paper tiger. Yet, there is a real but irrational fear.


Once the Ukraine War settles, I believe that many of those Europeans will wake up and see
their present reactions as unnecessary, if not outright foolish. Many of their actions today,
of which some cannot be undone easily or reversed, will have long-term negative effects on
themselves and the world. The damage is already done.


Who else are the losers of the present war, besides Ukraine and Europe? The poor countries,
Russia, and the U.S. In other words, almost everyone! In the grand scheme of things, the
first category has little impact on the world. While no one should underestimate the ability
of Russia to withstand pain, for now, she is greatly weakened. Frankly, from an economic
perspective, she too is not that significant in the world.


The opposite is true of the U.S. Consequently, America may be the greatest loser, for she
has the most to lose. Consider the weakening of the dominance of the U.S. dollar. As
mentioned earlier, it is not the war itself that is the most consequential, but the reactions of
the West led by the U.S. The pain to be endured by the West is self-inflicted.


                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   11
All of the troubles brought on by the Ukraine War listed above will fundamentally change
global economics and politics. Their effects will be with us for decades to come. One way or
another, China will be greatly affected, and so will our business. It would be irresponsible of
Management if we do not carefully consider their consequences on our operations.


How will our primary market, China, be affected? The Ukraine War presents Beijing with
immediate diplomatic challenges. Not wanting to antagonize either the U.S. or Russia, she
has to tread very carefully. From what I can tell, so far so good. By not succumbing to the
pressure from Washington, D.C. to condemn Moscow, China may, if called upon one day,
serve as an honest broker for peace. If this materializes, then the West would have China to
thank. But for now, I doubt if Washington, D.C. wants a quick resolution to the war.


In the longer run, China may, in fact, benefit. A weakened Russia will more than ever need
the huge Chinese market for energy, food, and minerals. In 2014, when Moscow annexed
Crimea, she also came under Western sanctions. Within a very short time, a natural gas
transaction, long in negotiation but never consummated, was quickly signed between Beijing
and Moscow. The latter needed the deal fast, and she is today in an even direr position.


As Management reconsiders our strategy and operations in the face of such monumental
changes, we should not forget about the elephant in the room — the madness of the U.S. in
beating up China. Many have rightly pointed out that Ukraine and Russia are a sideshow; the
U.S. is really after China.


In this regard, the reactions of the West to the present war have unleashed forces that may
force their governments to, for now, deal with more urgent problems rather than with China.
For example, Washington, D.C. is constrained by domestic inflation to consider relaxing
previously imposed trade tariffs on China. In the past few years, the U.S. had wanted to
weaken China’s role as the world’s biggest supply chain center by building an alternative.
That voice has fallen silent as domestic prices rose in America.




12   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Because of the pandemic, some reshoring of the manufacturing of strategic products is
inevitable. However, to completely rebuild a supply chain ecosystem is a totally different
proposition. There is simply no other place on earth that can replicate what the Chinese
had built over four decades in the Pearl River Delta and Yangtze River Delta. To accomplish
that feat took a highly motivated and entrepreneurial people that numbered in the tens, if
not hundreds, of millions. They must have a relatively high degree of education and skilled
labor under supportive and wise government policies. The existing system was also a
product of an era of unfettered globalization. It is efficient and offers the cheapest services to
manufacturers in China and elsewhere in the world.


To concoct today a new structure that is strewn over many countries, languages, and
cultures will not only introduce huge inefficiencies. It will also take decades to accomplish,
if it could be accomplished at all, and to as good a quality as the existing one in China.
Moreover, the cost will be prohibitive and hugely inflationary. Not even the West can afford it.
Or, in today’s already inflationary environment, perhaps especially the U.S. cannot afford it.


All this does not mean that China-U.S. relations will be smooth sailing going forward. The
West’s reactions to the Ukraine War remind us that no one should underestimate the
foolishness of nations. Furthermore, Western democracy ensures that national interests in
international affairs are often beholden to individual politicians. For selfish political reasons —
and politicians are selfish — such as in the face of impending elections, the best interests of
the country are all too often sacrificed.


Should we be worried about the Taiwan Strait? Yes, we should, and I worry much more
about what American politicians would do than what Beijing might. As the U.S. midterm
elections are approaching, the risks are particularly high. Even if we pass this year unscathed,
next year the U.S. will begin to prepare for her 2024 presidential election. There is no end
in sight. For China-U.S. relations, one can only hope that the effects of the Ukraine War will
provide some distractions. But for global peace, that too is not a welcome development.


A final worry of mine outside China that should be mentioned is the domestic disharmony
within the U.S. Her society probably has not been as divided as it is today since 1865 when
the American Civil War ended. Social and political discord are spreading. Given the global
leadership role that the country plays, such domestic problems cannot but affect the world.
Consider the possibility of her retreating into isolationism, the tenet on which the country was
founded. It will change the face of the globe.




                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited   13
Such is the external environment that we and any major business face today. Some issues
predated the Ukraine War; others are the results of the war. All of them are serious.


Then there are concerns within China. The way the pandemic is being dealt with baffles the
world. The recent Shanghai citywide lockdown tells it all. Its economic consequences are
grave. Having written extensively on the subject before, I shall not belabor it here.


Over the past three decades, hordes of businessmen and professionals, young and old,
poured into China in search of fortune. Most of them did not regret the effort, and frankly
many fell in love with the country. Until recently, I have hardly heard of too many of them
leaving because of social or political reasons. (Needless to say, there is some degree of
self-selection. Those who are biased, or who otherwise do not like the domestic system,
probably did not move to China in the first place.) Now for the first time, I learn of expatriates,
some having lived there for decades, wanting to leave. At a time when Beijing is increasingly
isolated by the West, this is not an encouraging sign.


The pandemic response is not the only factor hurting economic growth. Another major
problem of late relates to residential developments and the cessation of mortgage payments
in various projects. Many home builders are failing or have failed. If not handled properly, this
economic trouble can metastasize.


For the past 16 years, I have served as a keynote speaker at one of China’s largest annual
real estate forums held in Hainan Island. (Since 2020, including this year, I have attended
online.) My message year after year was very consistent — that the residential development
business as practiced was not sustainable. Somehow the conference organizer wants me
to repeat it annually. Everyone nodded in agreement, but few have heeded my advice. They
mentally accepted my arguments but could not emotionally oblige. I have written about it
more than once in this Letter, warning that the bubble would one day burst.


As is often the case everywhere, when there is a real estate industry debacle, the banks are
left holding the bag. Since the Chinese government owns most of the major banks, Beijing
may have to one day foot the bill. It will further depress economic growth.




14   Hang Lung Properties Limited
What I have repeatedly asked is: why did the government allow it to continue when the
bubble is already very inflated? I understand that real estate is a strong driver of the
economy, from land sales to financing, and from construction to interior decorations. It
directly accounts for some 13% of GDP; when related industries are included, the number is
more like 30%. Perhaps not wanting this musical chair game to end, Beijing let it continue.
But as in the children’s game, the music will sooner or later stop.


To be sure, this problem is not unmanageable by the government from a financial
perspective. But the bigger the bubble, the direr and more long-lasting the consequences are
on the economy. The music seems to have stopped and some developers will go bankrupt.


As I had previously explained in this Letter, unemployment in this industry should not be a
serious problem. Projects can continue under new ownership, such as debt holding banks.
Posing a more serious problem to the government is the displeasure of the home purchasers.


Hang Lung is fortunate not to be in the home building business on the Mainland. As such,
the present mess does not directly hurt us. However, to the extent that it slows the economy,
our business will be indirectly affected.


So, how shall Hang Lung management respond to the above international and domestic
problems? We will be very cautious in the coming six to 12 months. We shall take all
precautions to ensure financial safety. Any major capital outlay will be doubly scrutinized.
There are simply too many uncertainties to warrant major investments, except in very rare
occasions. The risk premium has greatly increased since the Ukraine War began. Let us buy
ourselves time to observe China and the world and see how the situation will evolve. This
is time for caution and not adventurism. Thankfully, we are financially sound, such that we
should be able to withstand virtually any shock.


As to our longer-term future, I came to the following conclusion after much consideration.
Given a five-to-ten-year horizon and probably beyond, China is and will still be one of the
best places to invest. Relatively speaking, she promises social stability and a reasonable rate
of economic growth.


Barring trouble in China-U.S. relations, especially over the Taiwan Strait, chances are good
that China will remain relatively peaceful. The present leader is widely expected to remain in
power for a third five-year term, a decision that the Party Congress will make later this year.




                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited   15
Looking at it purely from a domestic stability perspective, this should be helpful. After all, the
greatest threat to the country is always domestic stability. Mr. Deng Xiaoping, the architect of
the Reform and Opening Up Policy, was not ideological. His famous saying was: whether a
cat is white or black, as long as it catches mice, it is a good cat. It was that pragmatism that
brought tremendous prosperity to the country over the past 40-some years. Mr. Lee Kuan
Yew directly or indirectly ran Singapore for over half a century. If he was limited to 10 years
as Prime Minister, the island state would in no way be as prosperous as it is today. As long
as Beijing leaders can keep the country relatively stable, her economy should continue to
grow, and people’s livelihoods, improve.


Having a centralized government structure, there is always the concern that Beijing would
make serious policy blunders that she is unable or unwilling to correct. It is not sufficient to
have the right policy; the means by which it is executed must also be wise. There is a saying
that the disease may not kill the patient but the medicine will. In China, all major decisions
are made at the top. Policies are formulated there as well as the plans to execute them. This
means that those at the top and their advisors must have a very broad knowledge of things.
It is not easy.


I recall an incident several years ago when top government officials began to interfere in the
stock market. A common investor would know that such a thing should not be attempted —
it could hardly achieve the stated goal and might bring undesirable consequences. But those
top Beijing decision makers had probably never bought stocks before and so were ignorant.
They did not have an intuitive feel — and hence the necessary respect — for the market.
Fortunately, someone must have warned them of the impending dangers and they quickly
reversed the mistake.


This illustrates the challenges inherent in the Chinese system. So far so good, but the way
forward is fraught with danger. After all, the world is getting more complicated by the day.
Technology is one cause; the ever-changing international relations in an interconnected world
is another. We can only wish the country well.


As I have stated before, the Chinese system is like a person with a heart condition, while
the Western system is like a patient with cancer. Both can kill, albeit in different ways. The
former can live her whole life in peace, but a heart attack can arrive anytime unannounced.
Someone suffering from cancer will likely die from it one day, but it may not be imminent. It
can drag on for some time.




16   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Back in Hong Kong, our economy is also facing challenges. What was spared from the 2019
social unrest was weakened by the way we had to confront the public health threat. The
aftermath of riots led many locals to emigrate, and the partial lockdown of the past two and a
half years due to the pandemic compelled many expatriates to leave. Nevertheless, both can
later be partially remedied. For example, we can attract qualified people from the Mainland
to move here. In fact, for their own reasons, some Mainlanders with capital and higher
education are already quietly relocating here. That notwithstanding, the immediate economic
future of this city is challenging.


For now, the Hong Kong mass residential market is weak. It is a combination of a weakened
economy and out-migration. It may recover one day but the longer-term prospect of this
sector remains uninteresting to us. We have not played in it for decades and I see no reason
to return. After all, with the settling down of social turmoil, land supply will sooner or later
increase considerably. That will become a cap to prices.


The luxury housing market in which we play is a different story. The last time I saw so many
wealthy Mainlanders arrive in Hong Kong was probably in the early 1950s due to political
changes up north. This time the reasons are different. Hong Kong still holds much charm to
our compatriots — lower taxes, a freer society, better informational connections with the rest
of the world, more choices of schooling for the children, etc. The recent Shanghai lockdown
has only strengthened the resolve of the well-to-do. To be sure, they are a small percentage
of the financial elites on the Mainland, but Hong Kong is a very small place compared to the
rest of the country. Even smaller is our luxury housing sector.


There is no perfect place to invest; every economy has its unique risks. Mainland China has
had a good run of 40-some years since her economic opening, although there was a near
miss in 1989. The only way that a business can survive in the long term is to be always
financially prudent. This way, it can ride out the periodic rough patches that are inevitable.
That inevitability is again with us today.


As a company investing exclusively in China (including the Hong Kong SAR), frankly, we do
not have many alternatives. To be financially prudent in our industry does not just mean to be
lowly geared as we always are. It also means that we do not make major mistakes in capital
investment decisions. So far, we have done well since we entered the Mainland market 30
years ago. But in light of the deteriorating global scene and China’s challenging economic
conditions, we should be particularly careful in the coming year. Management will take all
necessary measures to cushion ourselves from whatever may come our way.



                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   17
In my 32 years of writing this mid-year Letter, this time may be the most difficult to forecast
full-year results. The reason is that no one can tell how the pandemic will evolve, nor how the
government will respond to it. A big question is: will the Shanghai lockdown repeat itself? Will
any of the other cities in which we have a presence undergo a complete or partial lockdown?


A reasonable assumption for the rest of the year is that the pandemic will still be with us, but
that the government will not totally lock down a city. The Shanghai experience must have
been painful to all, including Beijing leaders. They should be able to do a better job next time.
Even so, it is unlikely that normalcy will fully return soon. All these will inevitably affect our
performance.


In cities where some semblance of normalcy returns, I anticipate encouraging results. This
certainly includes Shanghai. In fact, there may be a strong rebound in sales.


The momentum in Olympia 66 in Dalian and Heartland 66 in Wuhan should be able to
continue. Their recent outperformance is not primarily a consequence of favorable external
market forces; it can be directly ascribed to Management’s efforts. Olympia 66 has been
transformed into a truly luxury mall. Many top fashion brands have just opened in the past
year, and phase two is filling up. A similar story is true for Heartland 66 which is 16 months
old. It has even more illustrious fashion brands as tenants. Located in a much bigger and
more affluent city, its potential should be even greater.


I expect Center 66 in Wuxi and Spring City 66 in Kunming to, again, trade well. The amount
of wealth in the former city is truly impressive, and I do not believe that we have fully exploited
it. More good news may follow.


In the foreseeable future, our two Shanghai properties should still be the landmarks of our
portfolio. I anticipate healthy growth for some time to come. That said, their dominance will
lessen as our other luxury properties mature. That is a welcome development.




18   Hang Lung Properties Limited
The sub-luxury malls will do fine but not spectacularly. This is the nature of the beast,
although Management must admit that there is much room for improvement. Parc 66 in
Jinan is being upgraded and should bring reasonably pleasing, if not extraordinary, results in
the coming year or two.


After some two years of outperformance, growth in our Mainland offices may slow down a
bit. That said, these properties are now contributing significantly to our top and bottom lines.
Taken as a group, they collect more rents than any of our individual malls except the two in
Shanghai. They provide very steady income.


Like on the Mainland, our Hong Kong rental business for the rest of the year will depend
on how the pandemic evolves and what policies the local government adopts. For now, it
may be safe to assume that the second half will be similar to the first. Even though dine-in
restrictions have gradually been relaxed since mid-April, the fifth wave of the pandemic is still
with us. As such, rents will still be under pressure, and our total Hong Kong rental revenue
may not have bottomed. That said, I do not foresee a serious deterioration. In fact, there is
always the possibility that business will slowly pick up from here.


As previously described, for different reasons, the residential markets both in Hong Kong and
the Mainland are, for now, weak. It will affect our original plan to sell. Since this is not our
primary business, I do not see this lull to be of much significance. Given the nature of real
estate where there is hardly any product obsolescence, the only effect will likely be the timing
we book profit.




Ronnie C. Chan
Chair
Hong Kong, July 28, 2022




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   19
VICE CHAIR’S NOTES

The past six months have been unpredictably unpredictable, even by the stretched standards
that have been set over the past three years. Investors will first note that this period has
been trying on our share price, especially in Q2. Operationally, it has also been challenging:
it was at the same time a live stress-test, a test of our planning and budgeting abilities,
an operational obstacle course, and mentally fatiguing. What we would have previously
considered black swan events almost seemed commonplace.


Despite the long succession of external headwinds and uncertainty in 1H22, we have
delivered a strong and resilient set of results. Top line rentals are up, although retail sales
are down. There are many reasons for our good performance despite the duress of the
times, but I want to highlight two that I feel are most important: the first is our resolute focus
with important aspects of diversity — commercial real estate coupled with geographic and
product diversity, and the second is our great people and robust processes.

FOCUS WITH DIVERSITY

Geographic Diversity


In the dozen years since we opened Palace 66 in Shenyang — our first development outside
of Shanghai — we have strengthened and consolidated our position in each of our markets.
Our portfolio now consists of 10 centers in eight cities, of which eight centers are outside of
Shanghai.


This meant that when Shanghai went into its 60+ day lockdown earlier this year, we
were supported by our other centers to make up for the lost rent. In previous years,
our non-Shanghai portfolio was only a fraction of our Shanghai income, and so analysts
and shareholders often ignored them, even as they grew in number and sales. Each
non-Shanghai center was simply too small to move the consolidated needle.


However, over the past year or so, this has dramatically changed. Coinciding with roughly
two lease terms since the clamp-down on corruption and opulence in 2012 (the start of
a long, cold “winter”), we have seen a mass migration of luxury brands into most of our
non-Shanghai malls. To illustrate the impact of this using retail sales, just one mall today —
Wuxi Center 66 — sells more than all other non-Shanghai malls did, combined, at this point
five years ago (1H17). That represents a CAGR of almost 40% over five years. Even more
dramatically, Olympia 66 in Dalian has nearly tripled its retail sales in just 18 months.




20   Hang Lung Properties Limited
The combined incremental sales growth across Wuxi Center 66, Dalian Olympia 66, Kunming
Spring City 66, and Wuhan Heartland 66 were able to more than offset our loss of two
months in Shanghai. This would have been unimaginable to many of our shareholders just
two or three years ago, but it has actually been our intent since day one, when we crafted
this strategy to expand outside of Shanghai.


It is as if a 17-year-long proof-of-concept has finally been validated. This concept began with
the investment in our first plot outside Shanghai, Riverside 66 in Tianjin in 2005, was tested
by the challenging operating environment in the decade after our first opening in Shenyang
in 2010, and is finally turning the corner with the broad adoption of luxury brands across our
portfolio, which started about 18 months ago. The challenges of the past six months have
been the first test of our current iteration, and I think our results prove themselves.


Product Diversity


I would be remiss not to highlight our growing office portfolio, which now accounts for ~20% of
our mainland China income, thanks to the addition of 168,000 sqm at Kunming Spring City 66
in 2020, and 152,000 sqm at Wuhan Heartland 66 in 2021. These two Grade A towers are
now respectively 80% and over 60% leased, and feature our higher-margin “modular office”
product which caters to tenants who do not want to deal with the administrative and financial
hassle of office design and capex.


In addition to our modular offices, we have HANGOUT in Wuxi, a flexible office space
(analogous to co-working) which has also contributed nicely to our office margins in the city.
Having run HANGOUT for several years, it has proven itself as a concept, and we are at work
to roll it out in some of our other office towers across the country.


As our Chair has pointed out in his previous letters to shareholders, and as we have
discussed in our media, investor, and analyst briefings, our unique strategy of building true
international Grade A office towers in second tier Chinese cities has several key value drivers.
We are usually the only true international Grade A office tower(s) in each city, thanks to
our understanding of the market, experience, and design. The higher cost of construction
for an international Grade A product is also a deterrent to competitors, who almost always
construct to sell, rather than to operate themselves. As you would expect, a developer will
design and build a product for sale differently from one that they intend to keep.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   21
As a result, as the market grows to appreciate the differentiation of our product, we end
up almost “cornering the market”. There are simply no comparable towers in cities such as
Wuxi, Wuhan, Kunming, or Shenyang. As such, our higher-than-most construction cost that
had previously been considered a handicap, is now yielding a competitive advantage.


If our retail portfolio growth outpaces our office growth, which is a reasonable assumption,
the office contribution to our top line will likely normalize a few percentage points lower than
today’s ~20%. Unfortunately, since offices are generally a lower-yielding asset class, it will
pull down our overall rental yield. That being said, offices bring value in the diversity that they
add to our otherwise retail-heavy portfolio, and I expect it to continue to be a strong pillar to
our leasing income.


Lastly, we have our serviced apartments and hotels. The residential market in mainland
China has been through a particularly tumultuous period. Sales are dramatically down, and
almost all the local players are in dire straits. Many are facing an existential moment. In this
environment, it is easy to be blindly bearish; however, I think there is reason for Hang Lung
to have hope. As a developer, we are in a completely separate class, and do not face the
financial pressures that local developers face. We will comfortably and happily complete our
current pipeline of apartments for sale, so our current full-speed construction is taking place
against a backdrop of record-low land sales and record-slow apartment construction. Thus,
projecting two to three years out, I see a market with very limited apartment supply. Yet for
us, that will be a time when our projects are coming to market. Even if the market has not
fully recovered by then, we will still be selling at a time when consumers have less choice.


Admittedly, the outlook for hotels is more hazy. While the domestic tourism market has
inevitably grown, not all of our cities are leisure hot spots, and international travel will probably
be more difficult than it was, pre-COVID, for the foreseeable future. That being said, our
hotels will all be among the best properties in very vibrant cities, so I would expect them to
outperform their peers in each city.




22   Hang Lung Properties Limited
GREAT PEOPLE, STRONG PROCESSES (AND GOOD GOVERNANCE)

I regularly say — both externally and internally — that one of the top KPIs by which I measure
my own performance is “people”. (The KPI that I mention in the same breath is “culture”, with
which “people” sits in a tight binary orbit.)


Over the past five years, Hang Lung’s executive team has seen significant change. Firstly,
with the Hang Lung Boards’ blessing, I brought in Weber Lo to join us as CEO, succeeding
Philip Chen, who retired due to health reasons, and who still sits on our board today. In the
years since Weber joined, several of our top managers reached retirement, among them the
CFO (now Kenneth Chiu), our Executive Director and head of leasing (now Derek Pang and
Mikael Jaeraas), and our head of corporate communications (now Maggie Ma and Joyce
Kwock). In each case, we filled these roles with strong, mostly internal candidates, all of
whom are a decade, or more, younger than their predecessors.


The fact that internal candidates took most of these senior roles reflects our significantly
strengthened management bench. (In our previous round of senior hires, most were external.)
In the cases where we have hired externally, we have attracted top talent, which speaks to
the quality of our operations, our culture, and our reputation in the market.


Weber’s ability to quickly identify, attract, and promote talent has already shown results, in
the form of a senior management team which I believe is now stronger than at any previous
time. This was partly made possible by the thoughtful and intentionally-paced churn of our
senior management team since 2010.


I intend to continue this trend, which I see as part of the path to creating a more meaningful
and rewarding workplace. I also expect our level of diversity to increase, and the average age
to decrease.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   23
People are often appreciated as the most important asset of a company. Due to the
relative simplicity of our industry, and other aspects of our environment, processes often go
under-appreciated.


However, it is no coincidence that both our current- and immediate-past CEO came from
organizations with extremely strong processes and systems. (Weber came from banking, and
Philip came from airlines.) Hang Lung is committed to building robust processes that ensure
stability and resilience, and that are appropriate for our business and context. In the past 10
years, we have reviewed all levels of our processes, systems, and structure; each time, we
have not shied away from making difficult, even fundamental, changes. As I write this, we are
in the midst of an extensive exercise to further digitize, upgrade, and streamline ourselves,
which will bring both financial and non-financial returns.


Looking at scenarios for the combined systemic threats that we face — climate change,
reverberations from the war in Ukraine, COVID-19, etc., in almost all outcomes, a key
requirement is for Hang Lung to be very resilient. I am thus thankful that we embarked on
this long journey of self-improvement over a decade ago, and that we have made significant
progress which is tangible today.


Hang Lung’s great people and robust processes, coupled with strong governance and
sound financials, are the foundations that will hold us through what I predict will be a period
of further change and uncertainty.




Adriel Chan
Vice Chair
Hong Kong, July 28, 2022




24   Hang Lung Properties Limited
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
in HK$ Million (unless otherwise stated)


RESULTS
                                                           For the six months ended June 30
                                                         2022                            2021
                                           Property    Property                 Property   Property
                                            Leasing       Sales         Total    Leasing      Sales           Total
Revenue                                       4,986        316         5,302      4,975             –        4,975
 – Mainland China                             3,367          –         3,367      3,295             –        3,295
 – Hong Kong                                  1,619        316         1,935      1,680             –        1,680


Operating profit/(loss)                       3,575        133         3,708      3,652           (22)       3,630
 – Mainland China                             2,269        (19)        2,250      2,257             (9)      2,248
 – Hong Kong                                  1,306        152         1,458      1,395           (13)       1,382


Underlying net profit/(loss)
 attributable to shareholders                 2,109        108         2,217      2,220           (20)       2,200

Net (decrease)/increase in fair
  value of properties
  attributable to shareholders                 (269)          –         (269)        35             –               35

Net profit/(loss) attributable
 to shareholders                              1,840        108         1,948      2,255           (20)       2,235

                                                                  At June 30,                  At December 31,
                                                                        2022                             2021
Shareholders’ equity                                                 136,548                              141,719

Net assets attributable to shareholders
 per share (HK$)                                                       $30.3                                 $31.5


Earnings and Dividend (HK$)
                                                                        2022                                  2021
Earnings per share
  – Based on underlying net profit attributable to
      shareholders                                                     $0.49                                 $0.49
  – Based on net profit attributable to shareholders                   $0.43                                 $0.50

Interim dividend per share                                             $0.18                                 $0.18


Financial Ratios
                                                                  At June 30,                  At December 31,
                                                                        2022                             2021
Net debt to equity ratio                                               26.9%                                24.4%
Debt to equity ratio                                                   30.2%                                30.0%




                                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited        25
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS


CONSOLIDATED RESULTS

The total revenue of Hang Lung Properties Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries
(collectively known as “Hang Lung Properties”) for the six months ended June 30, 2022
increased by 7% to HK$5,302 million and operating profit edged up by 2% to HK$3,708
million. Revenue from property leasing remained flat at HK$4,986 million. Property sales
revenue of HK$316 million was recognized during the period (2021: Nil).


The underlying net profit attributable to shareholders advanced by 1% to HK$2,217 million.
The underlying earnings per share correspondingly stayed flat at HK$0.49.


Hang Lung Properties reported a net profit attributable to shareholders of HK$1,948 million
(2021: HK$2,235 million) when including a net revaluation loss on properties attributable
to shareholders of HK$269 million (2021: net revaluation gain of HK$35 million). The
corresponding earnings per share was HK$0.43 (2021: HK$0.50).


Revenue and Operating Profit for the Six Months Ended June 30

                                             Revenue                         Operating Profit
                                     2022          2021                   2022          2021
                            HK$ Million      HK$ Million   Change   HK$ Million   HK$ Million   Change
Property Leasing                     4,986        4,975         –        3,575         3,652      -2%
     Mainland China                  3,367        3,295       2%         2,269         2,257       1%
     Hong Kong                       1,619        1,680      -4%         1,306         1,395      -6%
Property Sales                        316              –      N/A          133           (22)      N/A
Total                                5,302        4,975       7%         3,708         3,630       2%




26    Hang Lung Properties Limited
DIVIDEND

The Board of Directors has declared an interim dividend of HK18 cents per share for 2022
(2021: HK18 cents) to be paid in cash on September 29, 2022, to shareholders whose
names are listed on the register of members on September 15, 2022.


PROPERTY LEASING

The overall rental revenue of Hang Lung Properties for the six months ended June 30,
2022 was flat at HK$4,986 million. Rental revenue of our Mainland portfolio rose by 1% in
Renminbi (RMB) terms and 2% in HKD terms, offset by the 4% decline of our Hong Kong
portfolio.


On the Mainland, the revenue growth momentum continued in early 2022. The launch of
a variety of promotions, improved tenant mix, and the enriched offerings of our customer
relationship management program, HOUSE 66, successfully boosted consumption. This
growth momentum was interrupted when the outbreak of the highly contagious Omicron
variant of COVID-19 in mid-March 2022 prompted the reintroduction of stringent COVID-19
containment measures by local governments in various cities. The citywide lockdown in
Shanghai in April and May significantly affected our retail performance there. Despite this, our
geographical diversification helped maintain overall business resilience. The growth of certain
shopping malls outside Shanghai minimized the impact of Shanghai’s lockdown. Subsequent
to the reopening of Plaza 66 and Grand Gateway 66 in Shanghai on June 1, we proactively
supported our tenants by offering privileges to members of HOUSE 66 and tactically
reallocating resources to drive sales and footfall for a quick rebound. Retail performance in
June demonstrated a healthy improvement. In RMB terms, revenue of our malls in the first
half of 2022 slipped by 1% and overall Mainland rental revenue grew by 1% against the
corresponding period last year.


In Hong Kong, the pandemic continued to weigh on our leasing performance. The
government tightened social distancing restrictions in face of the fifth wave of the COVID-19
pandemic. The reduced traffic affected retail performance in the first half of 2022. We
continued to closely communicate with our tenants and offered support including but not
limited to rent relief on a case-by-case basis, to get through the challenging times together
with our tenants. Rental revenue dropped 4% but tenant sales increased by 1% against the
first half of 2021.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   27
Mainland China1


Property Leasing – Mainland China Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                                                                 Revenue
                                                                               (RMB Million)
                                                                       2022            2021         Change
Malls                                                                 2,210           2,232              -1%
Offices                                                                 547              473            16%
Hotel                                                                     27              41           -34%
Total                                                                 2,784           2,746               1%

Total in HK$ Million equivalent                                       3,367           3,295              2%


In the first six months of 2022, overall rental revenue rose by 1% and operating profit
stayed flat in RMB terms. In HKD terms, they rose 2% and 1%, respectively. Our malls
were adversely affected by the tightened COVID-19 containment measures across cities,
particularly from March to May. The consumption sentiment in Shanghai improved after the
end of the citywide lockdown on June 1 and leasing performance at the malls gradually
recovered. Our office portfolio continued to be a stable and resilient income stream during
the reporting period.


When excluding the rental contributions from the Heartland 66 mall in Wuhan, which opened
in March 2021, total leasing revenue in RMB terms retreated mildly by 2% period-on-period.


•     Malls

The mall portfolio revenue dropped by 1%. The revenue of sub-luxury malls decreased by
2%, while luxury-positioned malls recorded a revenue drop of 1% due to tightened COVID-19
containment measures.




1
      Percentage changes pertaining to the mainland China portfolio are expressed in RMB terms unless otherwise
      specified.



28   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Property Leasing – Mainland China Mall Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30

                                        Revenue                Period-end Occupancy Rate
                                      (RMB Million)              June December               June
Name of Mall and City         2022         2021       Change     2022     2021               2021
Luxury malls
Plaza 66, Shanghai              724          874       -17%       98%        100%             99%
Grand Gateway 66,
  Shanghai                      553          565        -2%       99%        100%             99%
Forum 66, Shenyang               47           51        -8%       90%         90%             88%
Center 66, Wuxi                 195          183         7%       98%         98%             95%
Olympia 66, Dalian              112           67        67%       89%         87%             82%
Spring City 66, Kunming         141          127        11%       94%         97%             95%
Heartland 66, Wuhan #           122           43       184%       84%         84%             71%
                              1,894        1,910        -1%
Sub-luxury malls
Palace 66, Shenyang              82           90        -9%       86%          90%            92%
Parc 66, Jinan                  151          150         1%       92%          93%            94%
Riverside 66, Tianjin            83           82         1%       83%          86%            76%
                                316          322        -2%
Total                         2,210        2,232        -1%

#
    Opened in March 2021



The leasing performance of our malls in Shanghai (Plaza 66 and Grand Gateway 66) and
Shenyang (Forum 66 and Palace 66) were negatively affected by lockdowns and other
tightened COVID-19 containment measures in the first half of 2022. Luxury malls outside
Shanghai and Shenyang delivered satisfactory results with revenue advancing by a range of
7% to 184% period-on-period, mainly driven by the substantial revenue growth experienced
by Heartland 66 in Wuhan, which opened in March 2021, and continued refinement of other
luxury malls’ tenant mix. Revenue of our sub-luxury malls reduced by 2% during the reporting
period.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   29
Luxury malls


Leasing performance from our flagship Plaza 66 mall in Shanghai was satisfactory in
early 2022 as marketing initiatives rolled out for the Chinese New Year and Valentine’s
Day effectively boosted consumption sentiment. However, owing to Shanghai’s citywide
lockdown and resulting business suspension in April and May, both revenue and tenant sales
receded by 17% and 38%, respectively, in the first half of 2022.


Both revenue and tenant sales of the Plaza 66 mall recorded a healthy recovery in the month
of June after reopening on June 1. Following the government’s introduction of a series of
support measures to a wide spectrum of business segments and the general community in
early June, market sentiment has been picking up gently. More compelling marketing and
promotion initiatives will be rolled out to accelerate the recovery.


The revenue of Grand Gateway 66 mall in Shanghai shrank marginally by 2% in the first half
of 2022 despite a fall in tenant sales of 32%. The improved trade mix following completion
of the Asset Enhancement Initiative (AEI) in late 2020 secured higher base rent from quality
tenants, making the mall more immune to the negative impact on tenant sales of the
Shanghai’s lockdown in April and May.


The Forum 66 mall in Shenyang was temporarily closed for nearly a month beginning in
mid-March as a result of the Shenyang government’s pandemic containment measures.
The revenue and tenant sales dropped by 8% and 16% period-on-period, respectively, as
affected by the short-term disruption to business operations. It is worth noting that both
revenue and tenant sales has been increasing pleasingly after the reopening of the mall in
mid-April. As 2022 marks the 10th anniversary of Forum 66, online and offline marketing
initiatives are in the pipeline to shore up market sentiment and consumption.


The performance of the Center 66 mall, the undisputed leader in luxury retail in Wuxi, was
relatively solid despite the challenging landscape. Under the government’s policy to curb the
spread of COVID-19, all malls in the city including Center 66 were ordered to close for more
than one week from end of March to early April. Following the gradual relaxation of pandemic
countermeasures, more compelling marketing campaigns were rolled out to boost footfall
and consumption. Despite a mild drop in tenant sales by 1%, revenue grew by 7% period-
on-period, benefiting from positive rental reversion and improvement in the occupancy rate
by three points to 98%.




30   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Having reinforced its position as the premium shopping and leisure destination in the city,
Olympia 66 in Dalian has performed impressively well during the period under review.
Revenue recorded a 67% growth period-on-period to RMB112 million with tenant sales
leaping 1.2 times due to improved tenant mix and distinctive marketing initiatives. The
occupancy rate rose by seven points to 89% as a rich line-up of luxury tenants opened
stores during the period.


As the city’s hub of prime luxury, the Spring City 66 mall in Kunming collected 11% more
in rents, mainly contributed by positive rental reversions. The first half of 2022 saw new
international brands entering the mall either with local debut openings or city flagship store
launches, keeping the mall’s offering fresh and engaging for consumers. Tenant sales
improved by 1% period-on-period even under tightened social distancing measures to curb
the COVID-19 resurgence.


Tenant sales and footfall at the Heartland 66 mall in Wuhan, our tenth mall on the Mainland,
have been building momentum since its opening in March 2021. The mall is located in the
bustling Qiaokou District with good connectivity to the commercial and business heart of
Wuhan. By tapping into strong luxury tenant sales as well as the introduction of flagship
stores and brand debuts, revenue surged more than 1.8 times period-on-period to RMB122
million. The mall’s occupancy rate increased by 13 points and reached 84% as of June
2022.


Sub-luxury malls


Palace 66 in Shenyang was likewise negatively impacted by the COVID-19 resurgence and
witnessed a drop in revenue and tenant sales by 9% and 26%, respectively. The mall was
temporarily closed for nearly a month beginning in mid-March as a result of the Shenyang
government’s pandemic containment measures. Following resumption of business in mid-
April, consumption sentiment has recovered modestly.


The revenue of Parc 66 in Jinan edged up by 1% despite local government restrictions
on business activities including a ban on dine-in services throughout the entire month of
April 2022 and control measures in certain communities. The comprehensive AEI which
commenced in June 2021 is making good progress and the first phase is expected to
reopen in the fourth quarter of 2022. The renovation works brought little disturbance to our
tenants and the occupancy rate fell by two points to 92% period-on-period.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   31
Revenue from Riverside 66 in Tianjin increased slightly by 1% despite the lockdown
of Heping district, where the mall is situated, for more than a week in May 2022 due to
the COVID-19 resurgence. We took the opportunity to refresh and refine the tenant mix,
replacing non-performing tenants with more competitive and unique brands. The occupancy
rate rose by seven points to 83%.


•     Offices

Our office portfolio demonstrated resilience and occupancy remained high despite the weak
market, reflecting the premium location and competitive edge of our Grade A buildings
as part of mixed developments, the quality and diversity of our tenant base, and the high
standard of customer services and property management. Total revenue grew by 16% to
RMB547 million period-on-period as occupancy rates at our most recently inaugurated office
towers in Wuxi, Kunming, and Wuhan continued their upward climb.


Property Leasing – Mainland China Office Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30

                                             Revenue                Period-end Occupancy Rate
                                           (RMB Million)              June December      June
Name of Office and City             2022        2021       Change     2022     2021      2021
Plaza 66, Shanghai                   317          310         2%       96%      97%      95%
Forum 66, Shenyang                    66           65         2%       92%      92%      97%
Center 66, Wuxi                       61           53        15%       88%      88%      84%
Spring City 66, Kunming               59           35        69%       79%      71%      50%
Heartland 66, Wuhan                   44           10       340%       61%      57%      34%
Total                                547          473        16%


The two premium office towers at Plaza 66 in Shanghai continued to record satisfactory
rental performance during the reporting period. Revenue increased by 2% and the occupancy
rate remained high at 96%. Despite new supply in decentralized areas, office rents in core
business districts remained stable due to limited supply.


The revenue of the office tower at Forum 66 in Shenyang remained stable period-on-period.
Subdued demand and increasing supply of office space put pressure on office rents in the
city. Forum 66 was able to maintain its market-leading position by leveraging its top-grade
design, prestigious location, and premium management services.




32   Hang Lung Properties Limited
The total revenue of the two office towers at Center 66 in Wuxi advanced by 15% to RMB61
million. The occupancy rate rose by four points to 88%. The self-operated multifunctional
workspace, HANGOUT, elevated our competitiveness against our peers. It continued to
attract small-sized tenants of excellent caliber and further improved occupancy rates.


Revenue of the office tower at Spring City 66 in Kunming grew by 69% to RMB59 million
with a jump in the occupancy rate by 29 points to 79%. Despite keen competition in
Kunming, premium facilities and value-added services gave us competitive edge, and leasing
pace was further accelerated by the offering of modular offices with high-standard fit-outs
and furnishings.


The Heartland 66 office tower in Wuhan commenced operations in November 2020.
Revenue reached RMB44 million in the first half of 2022 and the occupancy rate increased
by 27 points to 61% by the end of June, despite increasingly keen competition.


•   Hotel

We proactively launched various dining promotions and staycation packages to attract local
customers and saw a significant rebound in the first two months of 2022. This rebound
was, however, short lived, as the Shenyang government imposed lockdowns within the city
for nearly a month from mid-March to curb the resurgence of COVID-19 cases. Tightened
travel measures continued to be in place after relaxation of the lockdown measures. Revenue
declined by 34% to RMB27 million in the first half of 2022.


Hong Kong


The first half of 2022 has been another challenging period for businesses in Hong Kong
due to the outbreak of the fifth wave of the COVID-19 pandemic in January. Against the
backdrop of record-high daily new confirmed cases, the government imposed stringent social
distancing measures including the closure or partial closure of certain businesses, such as
restaurants, cinemas, education centers, gyms and beauty parlors, resulting in a significant
reduction in foot traffic and a weakening of consumer sentiment. Nevertheless, occupancy
was well-managed and maintained at a satisfactory level due to refinement of the tenant mix
at our malls in line with local consumption patterns and the launch of marketing campaigns
via the “hello Hang Lung Malls Rewards Program” in conjunction with the government’s
electronic Consumption Voucher Scheme. We continued to closely communicate with our
tenants and offered assistance including but not limited to rent relief on a case-by-case
basis, to weather the challenging times together with our tenants.


                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited   33
Properties located in Causeway Bay and Peak Galleria remained under pressure due to
their exposure to the tourist market. Tenants of specific trades, such as cinemas, gyms
and restaurants, were more directly affected by social distancing measures imposed by the
government in the first quarter of 2022.


Revenue retreated by 4% to HK$1,619 million and operating profit receded by 6% to
HK$1,306 million with rental margin at 81%. Tenant sales edged up by 1% against the first
half of 2021.


Property Leasing – Hong Kong Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30

                                              Revenue                Period-end Occupancy Rate
                                            (HK$ Million)              June December        June
                                    2022         2021       Change     2022     2021        2021
Retail                               951           980        -3%       98%      97%         97%
Offices                              545           584        -7%       87%      87%         88%
Residential & Serviced
  Apartments                         123           116         6%       70%      72%         56%
Total                               1,619        1,680        -4%


•     Retail

Revenue from our Hong Kong retail portfolio decreased by 3% to HK$951 million due to
negative rental reversions.


The Causeway Bay and Central portfolio recorded a 9% drop in revenue due to negative
rental reversions and rent relief granted to tenants. With travel restrictions still in place,
we introduced more local brands as well as quality food and beverage tenants to capture
domestic demand. The occupancy rate declined by four points to 94%.


Rental income of our Mongkok portfolio increased by 1% against the same period last
year. Even a gym at Grand Plaza ceased operations in late 2021, the two floors vacated
were quickly filled by a medical center in early 2022. The portfolio was fully let at the reporting
date.


Our community malls, Kornhill Plaza in Hong Kong East and Amoy Plaza in Kowloon
East, were comparatively defensive. Revenue of both properties was flat against last year.




34   Hang Lung Properties Limited
•   Offices

Revenue declined by 7% to HK$545 million due to negative rental reversions.


The revenue of our Central portfolio fell 17% with the occupancy rate at 80% after an
anchor tenant downsized upon lease expiry. We have diversified the product mix and tenancy
profile by offering refurbished ready-to-use office spaces to meet the demand of prospective
tenants with capex constraints.


Revenue from the Causeway Bay portfolio dropped by 11%. Some of its semi-retail
tenants were affected by the social distancing measures and border restrictions imposed by
the government.


The Mongkok portfolio posted a 5% rental growth period-on-period, driven by a higher
occupancy rate at Grand Plaza, which is a well-established medical hub in the district.


•   Residential & Serviced Apartments

Revenue of our residential & serviced apartments segment increased by 6% period-on-
period, mainly attributable to higher occupancy at Kornhill Apartments after adopting a more
aggressive pricing strategy since the second half of 2021. The occupancy rate improved by
14 points to 70% by the end of the period.


PROPERTY SALES

During the period, revenue of HK$316 million was recognized for the sale of one house
on Blue Pool Road upon completion in 2022. The corresponding profit margin was 52%.
Taking into account the selling expenses for The Aperture, a new development project in
Kowloon Bay, marketing expenses for Heartland Residences in Wuhan, and other operating
expenditures, an operating profit of HK$133 million was posted from property sales for the
six months of 2022.


Three more residential units of The Aperture were sold during the reporting period. Up to
June 30, 2022, 125 residential units were pre-sold at a total consideration of HK$1,098
million. This revenue is expected to be recognized in 2023 upon sale completion.




                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited   35
We continued to seize opportunities to dispose of non-core investment properties for capital
recycling. In May 2022, we concluded an agreement with third parties to dispose of a retail
unit at Laichikok Bay Garden in Hong Kong. This transaction is expected to be completed
in August 2022. The property was reclassified as assets held for sale as of June 2022 with
reference to the selling price, and a fair value gain of HK$11 million was recognized for the
period.


PROPERTY REVALUATION

As of June 30, 2022, the total value of our investment properties and those under
development amounted to HK$194,607 million, including the mainland China portfolio of
HK$133,209 million and the Hong Kong portfolio of HK$61,398 million. These properties
were appraised by Savills, an independent valuer, as of June 30, 2022.


A revaluation loss of HK$221 million was recorded (2021: gain of HK$618 million).


The mainland China portfolio recorded a gentle revaluation loss of HK$149 million (2021:
gain of HK$1,355 million), representing less than 1% of the portfolio value. The outbreak
of the Omicron variant in 2022 had no material impact on the valuation as the impact was
considered to be temporary.


The Hong Kong portfolio had a revaluation loss of HK$72 million (2021: loss of HK$737
million), representing a less than 1% decrease against the value as of December 31, 2021.


Net revaluation loss after tax and non-controlling interests of HK$269 million was reported
(2021: net revaluation gain of HK$35 million).

PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT AND CAPITAL COMMITMENT

The aggregated values of our projects under development for leasing and sale were
HK$22,268 million and HK$10,125 million, respectively. These comprised mainland China
projects in Wuhan, Wuxi, Kunming, Hangzhou, and Shenyang, and redevelopment projects
in Hong Kong. As of the reporting date, our capital commitments for the development of
investment properties amounted to HK$18 billion.




36   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Mainland China


The lockdowns in various Mainland cities in the first half of 2022 limited workers mobility and
disrupted the supply chain of construction materials, resulting in adverse impacts on the
development progress of projects under development. Following the gradual relaxation of
these lockdown measures, we expect to catch up on progress considerably in the second
half of the year.


Heartland Residences (武漢恒隆府) in Wuhan, the inaugural project of our premium
serviced residences brand on the Mainland, is situated in the immediate proximity of
Heartland 66 and comprises three towers offering a total of more than 490 units. The sales
gallery and show flats were launched in April 2022. Pre-sale marketing activities commenced
in July 2022 and the public launch will be subject to market assessment. The project is
scheduled for completion in phases from the second half of 2023.


Center Residences (無錫恒隆府) in Wuxi and Curio Collection by Hilton-branded hotel,
a lifestyle boutique hotel form the Phase 2 development of Center 66. The Residences
comprise two high-rise residential towers housing around 600 units. In addition, there will be
a seven-story new-build tower plus a three-floor heritage building offering a total of 106 hotel
rooms. Construction has been progressing as scheduled and the project is scheduled for
completion in phases from 2024 onwards. Center Residences is expected to be launched for
pre-sale in 2023.


Grand Hyatt Residences Kunming (昆明君悅居) and Grand Hyatt Kunming are integral
components of the remaining Spring City 66 development. The Residences sit above the
hotel and house 254 apartments and three immaculate penthouses. Grand Hyatt Kunming
features more than 330 guestrooms and suites. Site development kick-started following
possession of the construction permit in May 2021. The hotel-and-residence tower was
topped out in June 2022 marking another milestone in the development. The pre-sale of the
Residences is expected to be launched in the first half of 2023 with completion scheduled
in phases from 2024 onwards, while the opening of the Grand Hyatt Kunming is planned for
late 2023.


Westlake 66 in Hangzhou is an integrated high-end commercial development comprising
a retail podium, five Grade A office towers, and a luxury hotel — Mandarin Oriental
Hangzhou. The basement works are making good progress. The project is scheduled for
completion in phases from 2024 onwards. Mandarin Oriental Hangzhou, featuring more than
190 premium guestrooms and suites, is slated to open in 2025.


                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   37
Forum Residences (瀋陽恒隆府) forms part of the mixed-use Forum 66 development in
Shenyang. The remaining developments of Forum 66 yield a gross floor area of more than
500,000 square meters. The master layout plan is presently in the refining stage. The project
is planned for pre-sale from 2024 onwards with completion in stages from 2027.


Hong Kong


The pre-sale of The Aperture was launched in December 2021. Construction is on schedule
and targeted for completion in 2023.


Construction works at the Grade A office tower redevelopment on 228 Electric Road in
North Point are in progress. The project is a joint development with our parent company,
Hang Lung Group Limited (Hang Lung Group), and includes a retail area across the lower
floors. Superstructure works are underway. The outbreak of the fifth wave of the pandemic
impacted the construction progress and the project is scheduled for completion in 2023.


The land acquisition at 37 Shouson Hill Road in the Southern District of Hong Kong Island
was completed in February 2021. The land site will be redeveloped into luxurious detached
houses and is now in the planning stage.

FINANCING MANAGEMENT

We have been maintaining an appropriate capital structure with multiple financing channels
to ensure that financial resources are always available to meet operational needs and
expansions. A sufficient level of standby banking facilities and other debt capital fundings is
in place to cushion Hang Lung Properties from any unexpected external economic shocks.
All financial risk management, including debt refinancing, foreign exchange exposure, and
interest rate volatility, is centrally managed and controlled at the corporate level.


Funding needs are closely monitored and regularly reviewed to allow a fair degree of financial
flexibility and liquidity while optimizing the cost of funds. We also maintain various sources of
debt financing to mitigate concentration risks.


For debt portfolio management, we focus on mitigating foreign exchange, interest rate, and
refinancing risks through an appropriate mix of RMB/HKD/USD borrowings, fixed/floating-
rate debts, a staggered debt repayment profile, and a diversified source of funding.




38   Hang Lung Properties Limited
As part of our environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives, Hang Lung Properties
continues to make more use of sustainable finance. During the first half of 2022, we issued
green bonds worth HK$1.2 billion, obtained HK$0.6 billion green loan facilities and HK$0.8
billion sustainability-linked loan facilities. These are collectively referred to as sustainable
finance, which now accounts for 33% of our total debts and available facilities. We have
plans to increase that proportion further.


•   Cash Management

Total cash and bank balances at the reporting date by currency:

                                         At June 30, 2022            At December 31, 2021
                                     HK$ Million     % of Total     HK$ Million         % of Total
Denominated in:
  HKD                                      1,684           36%             5,484               64%
  RMB                                      2,900           61%             2,885               34%
  USD                                        146            3%               146                2%
Total cash and bank balances               4,730          100%             8,515              100%


All deposits are placed with banks carrying strong credit ratings. The counterparty risk is
routinely monitored.


•   Debt Portfolio

At the balance sheet date, total borrowings amounted to HK$44,337 million (December 31,
2021: HK$45,695 million), of which 29% was denominated in RMB to act as a natural hedge
to net investments in mainland China.


Our fixed-rate borrowings primarily consist of medium-term notes (MTNs) and bank loans that
are converted to fixed-rate through the use of interest rate swaps. The percentage of fixed-
rate borrowings fell to 41% of total borrowings as of June 30, 2022 following the redemption
of a US$500 million MTN in June 2022.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   39
The composition of our debt portfolio can be categorized as follows:


(i)     by currency (after currency swap):

                                               At June 30, 2022            At December 31, 2021
                                          HK$ Million       % of Total     HK$ Million   % of Total
Denominated in:
  HKD                                           31,658              71%        33,196         73%
  RMB                                           12,679              29%        12,499         27%
Total borrowings                                44,337              100%       45,695        100%


(ii)    by fixed or floating interest (after interest rate swap):

                                               At June 30, 2022            At December 31, 2021
                                          HK$ Million       % of Total     HK$ Million   % of Total
Fixed                                           18,007              41%        21,998         48%
Floating                                        26,330              59%        23,697         52%
Total borrowings                                44,337              100%       45,695        100%


•       Gearing Ratios

At the reporting date, the net debt balance amounted to HK$39,607 million (December 31,
2021: HK$37,180 million). The net debt to equity ratio was 26.9% (December 31, 2021:
24.4%), and the debt to equity ratio was 30.2% (December 31, 2021: 30.0%). The increase
in the net debt to equity ratio was largely due to capital expenditures in both mainland China
and Hong Kong.




40     Hang Lung Properties Limited
•   Maturity Profile and Refinancing

At the balance sheet date, the average tenure of the entire loan portfolio was 3.3 years
(December 31, 2021: 3.0 years). The maturity profile was staggered over more than 10 years.
Around 69% of the loans were repayable after two years.

                                           At June 30, 2022         At December 31, 2021
                                       HK$ Million   % of Total    HK$ Million        % of Total
Repayable:
  Within 1 year                             3,590          8%             8,079              18%
  After 1 but within 2 years               10,002         23%             7,566              17%
  After 2 but within 5 years               25,711         58%            23,868              52%
  Over 5 years                              5,034         11%             6,182              13%
Total borrowings                           44,337        100%            45,695             100%


As of June 30, 2022, total undrawn committed banking facilities amounted to HK$17,074
million (December 31, 2021: HK$14,645 million). The available balances of the US$4 billion
(December 31, 2021: US$4 billion) MTN program amounted to US$2,282 million, equivalent
to HK$17,910 million (December 31, 2021: HK$13,722 million).


•   Net Finance Costs and Interest Cover

For the first half of 2022, gross finance costs decreased 4% to HK$733 million, mainly as a
result of a drop in the average effective cost of borrowings which was lowered to 3.5% (2021:
3.9%), benefiting from lower interest rates upon the refinancing of maturing debts.


The net amount charged to the statement of profit or loss increased to HK$254 million mainly
due to a decrease in finance costs capitalized for projects under development after the
completion of the mall at Heartland 66 in Wuhan in March 2021, which was partly offset by
the decrease in gross finance costs.


Interest cover for the six months of 2022 was 5 times (2021: 5 times).




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   41
•     Foreign Exchange Management

The major exchange rate risk that we are exposed to is RMB fluctuations. Such RMB
exposure is mainly derived from the currency translation risk arising from the net assets of
our subsidiaries in mainland China.


We practice strict discipline of not speculating on the movement of the RMB against the HKD
and maintain an appropriate level of RMB resources for capital requirements in mainland
China, including cash inflows from local operations and RMB borrowings. Regular business
reviews are carried out to assess the level of funding needed for our mainland China projects,
taking into account factors such as regulatory constraints, project development timelines,
and the market environment. Appropriate modifications to our funding plan will be conducted
in light of any changing circumstances.


As of June 30, 2022, net assets denominated in RMB accounted for approximately 74%
of our total net assets. The RMB depreciated against the HKD by 4.4% compared with
December 31, 2021. The translation of these net assets from RMB into HKD at the exchange
rate as of the reporting date resulted in a translation loss of HK$5,011 million (2021: gain of
HK$1,209 million), recognized in other comprehensive income/exchange reserve.


•     Charge of Assets

Assets of Hang Lung Properties were not charged to any third parties as of June 30, 2022.


•     Contingent Liabilities

Hang Lung Properties did not have any material contingent liabilities as of June 30, 2022.




42   Hang Lung Properties Limited
CORPORATE INITIATIVES

We continued to make progress towards our goal of achieving sustainability leadership during
the reporting period. We have become Hong Kong’s first real estate developer, and among
the first in Asia, to commit to ULI Greenprint’s net zero carbon operations goal, launched by
the Urban Land Institute Greenprint Center for Building Performance. The goal is in line with
the Paris Agreement and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s recommendation
to keep global warming below 1.5° Celsius. By adopting this goal, we strive to reduce the
operational carbon emissions of the portfolio under our operational control to net zero by
2050.


Sustainable business growth goes hand-in-hand with sustainable growth in the communities
in which we work and live. In view of the severe challenges brought by the COVID-19
pandemic in both Hong Kong and many parts of mainland China, the Company set up
the “Hang Lung COVID-19 Relief Fund 2.0” with an injection of over HK$13 million to
support urgent pandemic countermeasures in Hong Kong and mainland China, particularly
Shanghai and Shenyang. The Relief Fund provided targeted support to contain the spread
of COVID-19 through provision of health protection items and other daily necessities to
community groups in need, as well as the operations of “mobile cabin hospitals” in Hong
Kong. We have also implemented a wide range of measures to safeguard the health and
wellbeing of our employees, tenants and customers.


Staff wellbeing is critical to our business success and to realizing our goal of becoming one
of the most sustainable real estate companies in the world. During the reporting period,
we continued to follow through on action items raised by colleagues in the employee
engagement survey rolled out last year. To gauge employee support for our sustainability
journey, we initiated an internal sustainability communication campaign with the launch of the
Hang Lung Sustainability Charter. Over 90% employees pledged their commitment to build a
sustainable future with us.


Lastly, we published our 10th Sustainability Report in May with detailed mapping of our
approach to addressing climate-related issues in support of the recommendations of the
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. We also made our best effort to report
against metrics required by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) for the real
estate sector.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   43
OUTLOOK

Looking ahead, we remain cautiously optimistic. Ongoing concerns regarding COVID-19
undoubtedly prompt a degree of hesitancy about market conditions in Hong Kong and
on the Mainland. Yet, the results of our strategic positioning and marketing efforts have
demonstrated resilience in the face of challenges.


This resilience has seen Plaza 66 and Grand Gateway 66 return to near-2021 performance
levels after two months of lockdown in Shanghai. Our younger luxury-positioned malls, Spring
City 66 in Kunming, and Heartland 66 in Wuhan, as well as Olympia 66 in Dalian, which
was recently repositioned to tap the luxury market, are delivering stronger than ever financial
results in a market segment that is burgeoning despite the backdrop of the pandemic.


In this context, it would not be unreasonable to expect our Mainland portfolio to remain a
strong growth driver. With the deployment of more customer-centric marketing initiatives,
including leveraging HOUSE 66 to further strengthen customer loyalty, we will continue to
drive footfall and stimulate consumer spending at our malls. Meanwhile, as demand for
well-situated, high-quality and sustainable office space remains buoyant, our resilient office
portfolio will continue to contribute steady income.


In Hong Kong, we have seen a solid rebound in overall market sentiment since mid-April
2022, when the fifth wave of COVID-19 was contained and the government rolled out
targeted measures to boost domestic consumption. Building on this sentiment, we will
continue to refine and enhance our tenant mix to position our malls for further recovery in
consumption with the eventual reopening of the border with the Mainland. In addition, we
continue to seek opportunities to enhance the financial performance of our Hong Kong
portfolio through asset enhancement initiatives and capital recycling exercises.


The contribution of property sales income is also set to increase with the debut of our
premium serviced residences brand, Hang Lung Residences, on the Mainland. Pre-sales
marketing activities at the inaugural project of the brand, Heartland Residences in Wuhan,
commenced in July 2022 and the public launch will be subject to market assessment. As
for property sales in Hong Kong, over 40% of saleable units of The Aperture have been sold
since its launch in December 2021, revenue from which is expected to be recognized in
2023 upon transaction completion.




44   Hang Lung Properties Limited
OTHER INFORMATION


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

We are committed to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance. During
the six months ended June 30, 2022, we adopted corporate governance principles that
emphasize a qualified Board of Directors (the “Board”), sound internal controls, and effective
risk management to enhance transparency and accountability towards our stakeholders.
The general framework of our corporate governance practices is set out in our corporate
governance report in the 2021 annual report, which is available on our website under
“Financial Report” in the “Financial Information” subsection headed under the “Investor
Relations” section.


The Board


The Board currently consists of 10 members: comprising four Executive Directors, one
Non-Executive Director, and five Independent Non-Executive Directors. There is a clear
division of responsibilities between the Chair and the Chief Executive Officer to ensure a
balance of power and authority. The Board continues to review its practices from time to
time, constantly seeking to improve the corporate governance procedures of the Company
and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) in accordance with international best practices. An updated
list of Board members identifying their roles and functions and whether they are Independent
Non-Executive Directors is maintained on both our website and the website of Hong Kong
Exchanges and Clearing Limited (“HKEX”). The biographical details of Board members are
also maintained on our website under “Board of Directors” in the “Corporate Governance”
subsection headed under the “Investor Relations” section.


Nomination and Remuneration Committee


Our Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which is chaired by an Independent
Non-Executive Director, currently consists of four Independent Non-Executive Directors.
The Committee members meet at least once a year. Its duties include reviewing significant
changes to the salary structure within the Group and the terms and conditions affecting
Executive Board Members and senior management. The Committee members also conduct
regular reviews of the Board’s structure, size and diversity, and make recommendations to
the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and succession planning of Directors of the
Board. The terms of reference of the Committee are available on both our website under
“Nomination & Remuneration Committee” in the “Corporate Governance” subsection headed
under the “Investor Relations” section, and the website of HKEX.



                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   45
Audit Committee


Our Audit Committee, which is chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director, currently
consists of four Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Committee members meet at
least four times a year. Meetings are normally attended by external and internal auditors, the
Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary for the purposes of, inter alia , discussing
the nature and scope of internal audit work and assessing the Company’s internal controls.
The terms of reference of the Committee, which include duties pertaining to corporate
governance functions and the oversight of risk management, are available on both our
website under “Audit Committee” in the “Corporate Governance” subsection headed
under the “Investor Relations” section, and the website of HKEX. The Audit Committee has
reviewed this interim report, including the unaudited interim financial report for the six months
ended June 30, 2022, and has recommended their adoption by the Board.


This interim financial report is unaudited but has been reviewed by KPMG, our auditor, in
accordance with the Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim
financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity , issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Independent Auditor’s Review Report is
set out on pages 54 and 55 of this interim report.


Compliance with Corporate Governance Code


During the six months ended June 30, 2022, we complied with the code provisions set out in
the Corporate Governance Code as stated in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing
of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
Exchange”).


Compliance with Model Code contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules


We have adopted a code of conduct with regard to securities transactions by Directors of
the Board (the “Code of Conduct”) on terms that are no less exacting than the required
standard set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”). The Company has made
specific enquiries with all Directors of the Board and confirmed that they have complied
with the required standard set out in the Model Code and the Code of Conduct regarding
securities transactions by Directors of the Board throughout the six months ended June 30,
2022.



46   Hang Lung Properties Limited
DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at June 30, 2022, the interests or short positions of each of the Directors of the Board
in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the
“SFO”)) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant
to Part XV of the SFO or pursuant to the Model Code or which were recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO are as follows:

                                                         The Company                       Hang Lung Group Limited
                                                        (Long Positions)                       (Long Positions)
                                                             % of Total       Number                          % of Total
                                                               Number         of Share                          Number
                                                 Number       of Issued       Options            Number        of Issued
Name                  Capacity                 of Shares         Shares         (Note 3)       of Shares          Shares


Ronnie C. Chan        Personal & Other        17,155,000           0.38     18,800,000        35,675,500             2.62
                                                                                                   (Note 1)
Adriel Chan           Personal & Other 2,699,591,340              60.00     10,400,000       546,308,580           40.12
                                                  (Note 2)                                    (Notes 1 & 2)
Weber W.P. Lo         Personal                   600,000           0.01     18,750,000            200,000            0.01
Nelson W.L. Yuen      Personal                 8,000,000           0.18               –                   –               –
Dominic C.F. Ho       –                                 –              –              –                   –               –
Philip N.L. Chen      Personal                          –              –     9,500,000                    –               –
Andrew K.C. Chan      –                                 –              –              –                   –               –
H.K. Chang            –                                 –              –              –                   –               –
Anita Y.M. Fung       –                                 –              –              –                   –               –
Kenneth K.K. Chiu     Personal                          –              –     4,100,000                    –               –


Notes:

1.   Other interests included 23,885,500 shares of Hang Lung Group Limited (“HLG”), the holding company of the
     Company, held by a trust of which Mr. Ronnie C. Chan was a discretionary beneficiary, and Mr. Adriel Chan was
     a settlor and a discretionary beneficiary. Accordingly, Mr. Ronnie C. Chan and Mr. Adriel Chan were deemed to be
     interested in such shares under the SFO.

2.   Other interests included 2,699,591,340 shares of the Company and another 522,423,080 shares of HLG held or
     deemed to be held by another trust of which Mr. Adriel Chan was a discretionary beneficiary. Accordingly, Mr. Adriel
     Chan was deemed to be interested in such shares under the SFO.

3.   Movements of Directors’ share options under the share option scheme of the Company adopted on April 18, 2012 (the
     “2012 Share Option Scheme”) are set out under the section below headed under “Share Option Schemes”.




                                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited       47
Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors of the Board had, as at June 30, 2022, any
interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or
any associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO).

Other than as stated above, at no time during the six months ended June 30, 2022 was
the Company, its holding company or any of their respective subsidiaries a party to any
arrangement to enable the Directors of the Board to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.

SHARE OPTION SCHEMES

Pursuant to the resolutions passed by the shareholders of HLG and the Company at their
respective annual general meetings held on April 27, 2022, the 2012 Share Option Scheme
was terminated and a new share option scheme was adopted on the same date (the “2022
Share Option Scheme”). No share options have been granted under the 2022 Share Option
Scheme since its adoption and up to and including June 30, 2022, and movements of share
options under the 2012 Share Option Scheme are set out below:

                                                      Number of Share Options

                                                                             Lapsed/                   Exercise
              Category of          Outstanding     Granted    Exercised     Forfeited Outstanding         Price           Vesting        Expiry
Date of       Participants               as at      during       during       during          as at   per Share             Dates          Date
Grant         (Note 1)             Jan 1, 2022   the Period   the Period   the Period Jun 30, 2022         HK$            (Note 2)      (Note 2)


Jun 4, 2013   Current Directors:                                                                          28.20   Jun 4, 2015: 10%   Jun 3, 2023
              Ronnie C. Chan         4,500,000            –            –            –     4,500,000               Jun 4, 2016: 20%
              Adriel Chan              200,000            –            –            –      200,000                Jun 4, 2017: 30%
              Philip N.L. Chen       4,500,000            –            –            –     4,500,000               Jun 4, 2018: 40%


              Former Director:
              H.C. Ho (Note 3)       3,000,000            –            –            –     3,000,000


              Employees             10,640,000            –            –     (440,000)   10,200,000

                                    22,840,000            –            –     (440,000)   22,400,000


Dec 5, 2014   Current Directors:                                                                          22.60   Dec 5, 2016: 10%   Dec 4, 2024
              Ronnie C. Chan         2,750,000            –            –            –     2,750,000               Dec 5, 2017: 20%
              Adriel Chan              150,000            –            –            –      150,000                Dec 5, 2018: 30%
              Philip N.L. Chen       2,500,000            –            –            –     2,500,000               Dec 5, 2019: 40%


              Former Director:
              H.C. Ho (Note 3)       1,850,000            –            –            –     1,850,000


              Employees             12,570,000            –            –     (350,000)   12,220,000

                                    19,820,000            –            –     (350,000)   19,470,000




48   Hang Lung Properties Limited
                                                       Number of Share Options

                                                                              Lapsed/                   Exercise
               Category of          Outstanding     Granted    Exercised     Forfeited Outstanding         Price             Vesting        Expiry
Date of        Participants               as at      during       during       during          as at   per Share              Dates           Date
Grant          (Note 1)             Jan 1, 2022   the Period   the Period   the Period Jun 30, 2022         HK$              (Note 2)      (Note 2)


Aug 10, 2017   Current Directors:                                                                          19.98   Aug 10, 2019: 10%    Aug 9, 2027
               Ronnie C. Chan         1,925,000            –            –            –     1,925,000               Aug 10, 2020: 20%
               Adriel Chan            1,850,000            –            –            –     1,850,000               Aug 10, 2021: 30%
               Philip N.L. Chen       2,500,000            –            –            –     2,500,000               Aug 10, 2022: 40%


               Former Director:
               H.C. Ho (Note 3)       1,850,000            –            –            –     1,850,000


               Employees             22,058,000            –            –   (1,113,000)   20,945,000

                                     30,183,000            –            –   (1,113,000)   29,070,000


May 16, 2018   Current Director:                                                                           18.98 May 16, 2020: 10% May 15, 2028
               Weber W.P. Lo         10,000,000            –            –            –    10,000,000               May 16, 2021: 20%

                                     10,000,000            –            –            –    10,000,000               May 16, 2022: 30%
                                                                                                                   May 16, 2023: 40%



Jun 28, 2019   Current Directors:                                                                          18.58   Jun 28, 2021: 10% Jun 27, 2029
               Ronnie C. Chan         3,025,000            –            –            –     3,025,000               Jun 28, 2022: 20%
               Adriel Chan            2,200,000            –            –            –     2,200,000               Jun 28, 2023: 30%
               Weber W.P. Lo          2,750,000            –            –            –     2,750,000               Jun 28, 2024: 40%


               Former Director:
               H.C. Ho (Note 3)       1,900,000            –            –            –     1,900,000


               Employees             35,086,900            –            –   (2,526,600)   32,560,300

                                     44,961,900            –            –   (2,526,600)   42,435,300


May 12, 2021   Current Directors:                                                                          19.95 May 12, 2023: 10% May 11, 2031
               Ronnie C. Chan         3,300,000            –            –            –     3,300,000               May 12, 2024: 20%
               Adriel Chan            3,000,000            –            –            –     3,000,000               May 12, 2025: 30%
               Weber W.P. Lo          3,000,000            –            –            –     3,000,000               May 12, 2026: 40%


               Former Director:
               H.C. Ho (Note 3)       2,100,000            –            –            –     2,100,000


               Employees             51,705,000            –            –   (3,595,000)   48,110,000

                                     63,105,000            –            –   (3,595,000)   59,510,000


Oct 6, 2021    Current Director:                                                                           17.65    Oct 6, 2023: 10%    Oct 5, 2031
               Kenneth K.K. Chiu      2,000,000            –            –            –     2,000,000                Oct 6, 2024: 20%
                                                                                                                    Oct 6, 2025: 30%
                                      2,000,000            –            –            –     2,000,000                Oct 6, 2026: 40%




                                                                                                             Hang Lung Properties Limited             49
                                                        Number of Share Options

                                                                               Lapsed/                   Exercise
                Category of          Outstanding     Granted    Exercised     Forfeited Outstanding         Price            Vesting        Expiry
Date of         Participants               as at      during       during       during          as at   per Share              Dates         Date
Grant           (Note 1)             Jan 1, 2022   the Period   the Period   the Period Jun 30, 2022         HK$             (Note 2)     (Note 2)


Feb 21, 2022    Current Directors:                                                                          16.38   Feb 21, 2024: 10% Feb 20, 2032
                Ronnie C. Chan                 –    3,300,000            –            –     3,300,000               Feb 21, 2025: 20%
                Adriel Chan                    –    3,000,000            –            –     3,000,000               Feb 21, 2026: 30%
                Weber W.P. Lo                  –    3,000,000            –            –     3,000,000               Feb 21, 2027: 40%
                Kenneth K.K. Chiu              –    2,100,000            –            –     2,100,000


                Former Director:
                H.C. Ho (Note 3)               –    2,100,000            –            –     2,100,000


                Employees                      –   53,570,000            –   (1,330,000)   52,240,000

                                               –   67,070,000            –   (1,330,000)   65,740,000


                Current Directors     50,150,000   11,400,000            –            –    61,550,000
                Former Director       10,700,000    2,100,000            –            –    12,800,000
                Employees            132,059,900   53,570,000            –   (9,354,600) 176,275,300


Total                                192,909,900   67,070,000            –   (9,354,600) 250,625,300



Notes:

1.       In respect of the categories of participants, “employees” include current and former employees of the Group and
         persons who were granted share options as an incentive to enter into employment contracts with the Company
         and/or any of its subsidiaries.

2.       Exercise periods of the share options start from the respective vesting dates and end on the respective expiry dates.

3.       Mr. H.C. Ho retired as an Executive Director on March 1, 2022.


Please also refer to note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further details of the
share option schemes of the Company.




50      Hang Lung Properties Limited
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at June 30, 2022, to the best of the knowledge of the Directors of the Board, details of
substantial shareholders’ and other persons’ (who are required to disclose their interests
pursuant to Part XV of the SFO) interests and short positions in the shares and underlying
shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept under section 336 of
the SFO are as follows:


                                                                         Number of       % of Total
                                                                          Shares or      Number of
                                                                         Underlying Issued Shares
                                                                        Shares Held (Long Positions)
Name                                                      Note      (Long Positions)          (Note 4)



Chan Tan Ching Fen                                          1           2,699,591,340                         60.00
Cole Enterprises Holdings (PTC) Limited                     1           2,699,591,340                         60.00
Merssion Limited                                            1           2,699,591,340                         60.00
Adriel Chan                                                 1           2,699,591,340                         60.00
HLG                                                         2           2,671,258,240                         59.37
Prosperland Housing Limited                                 3           1,448,973,740                         32.20
Purotat Limited                                             3             354,227,500                          7.87

Notes:

1.   These shares were the same parcel of shares held by controlled corporations of Merssion Limited which was held
     under a trust. As Ms. Chan Tan Ching Fen was the founder, Cole Enterprises Holdings (PTC) Limited was the trustee
     and Mr. Adriel Chan was a discretionary beneficiary of the trust, they were deemed to be interested in such shares
     under the SFO.

     The controlled corporations included HLG in which Merssion Limited had 38.37% interests. Accordingly, the
     2,671,258,240 shares held by HLG through its subsidiaries were included in the 2,699,591,340 shares.

2.   These shares were held by the wholly-owned subsidiaries of HLG.

3.   These companies were wholly-owned subsidiaries of HLG, their interests were included in the 2,671,258,240 shares
     held by HLG.

4.   Shareholding percentages were calculated based on the total number of issued shares of the Company as at
     June 30, 2022, being 4,499,260,670 shares.




                                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   51
Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2022, no other interests or short positions in the
shares or underlying shares of the Company required to be recorded in the register kept
under section 336 of the SFO has been notified to the Company.


CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING
RULES

The changes in the information of the Directors of the Board are set out below:


Mr. Philip N.L. Chen
– appointed as a Member of the Board of Airport Authority Hong Kong


Dr. Andrew K.C. Chan
– ceased as a Member of the Trustees’ Board of the Arup Group


Ms. Anita Y.M. Fung
– appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director of BOC Hong Kong (Holdings)
    Limited
– retired as a Director of The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited


Save as disclosed above, there is no other information required to be disclosed pursuant to
rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the date of the 2021 annual report of the Company.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

HLP Finance Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, fully redeemed the
US$500 million 4.75% guaranteed notes due 2022 (stock code: 4558) at principal amount
upon maturity on June 25, 2022.


Saved as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold
or redeemed any of its listed securities during the six months ended June 30, 2022.




52   Hang Lung Properties Limited
EMPLOYEES

As at June 30, 2022, the number of employees was 4,104 (comprising 1,028 Hong Kong
employees and 3,076 mainland China employees). The total employee costs for the six
months ended June 30, 2022, amounted to HK$937 million. We provide competitive
remuneration packages for all employees including discretionary bonuses payable based
on individual performance. We regularly review remuneration packages to ensure that they
comply with relevant regulatory requirements and market conditions. The Company has
share option schemes and provides professional and high-quality training for employees.




                                                                 Hang Lung Properties Limited   53
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REVIEW REPORT




Review report to the Board of Directors of Hang Lung Properties Limited
(Incorporated in the Hong Kong with limited liability)

INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the interim financial report set out on pages 57 to 78 which comprises the
consolidated statement of financial position of Hang Lung Properties Limited (“the Company”)
as at June 30, 2022 and the related consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of
changes in equity and condensed consolidated cash flow statement for the six month
period then ended and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of an interim financial
report to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting
Standard 34, Interim financial reporting , issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the interim
financial report in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34.


Our responsibility is to form a conclusion, based on our review, on the interim financial report
and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms
of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or
accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements
2410, Review of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the
entity , issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A review of the
interim financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures.
A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong
Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance
that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit.
Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.




54   Hang Lung Properties Limited
CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that
the interim financial report as at June 30, 2022 is not prepared, in all material respects, in
accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34, Interim financial reporting .




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong


July 28, 2022




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   55
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                         57         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                         58         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                      AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                         59         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                         60         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                         62         CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                         63         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                         63         1. BASIS OF PREPARATION
                         65         2. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
                         67         3. OTHER NET INCOME
                         67         4. NET INTEREST EXPENSE
                         68         5. PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
                         68         6. TAXATION IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                          PROFIT OR LOSS
                         69         7. DIVIDENDS
                         69         8. EARNINGS PER SHARE
                         70         9. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND INVESTMENT
                                          PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT
                         71         10. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                         72         11. ASSETS HELD FOR SALE
                         72         12. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                         72         13. SHARE CAPITAL
                         73         14. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
                         75         15. RESERVES
                         76         16. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL
                                          INSTRUMENTS
                         78         17. COMMITMENTS
                         78         18. REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF INTERIM FINANCIAL
                                          REPORT




56   Hang Lung Properties Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
For the six months ended June 30, 2022 (Unaudited)


                                                                                  For information purpose only
                                                          2022           2021          2022             2021
                                            Note     HK$ Million    HK$ Million   RMB Million      RMB Million
Revenue                                      2(a)         5,302          4,975           4,383            4,146
Direct costs and operating expenses                       (1,594)       (1,345)         (1,316)          (1,121)
                                                          3,708          3,630           3,067            3,025
Other net income                              3              12             31              10               26
Administrative expenses                                     (306)         (273)            (253)           (228)
Profit from operations before changes
  in fair value of properties                             3,414          3,388           2,824            2,823
Net (decrease)/increase in fair value of
  properties                                                (221)          618             (189)            511
Profit from operations after
  changes in fair value of properties                     3,193          4,006           2,635            3,334
Interest income                                              30             44               25              37
Finance costs                                               (254)         (226)            (211)           (188)
Net interest expense                          4             (224)         (182)            (186)           (151)
Share of profits of joint ventures                           11              –                9                   –
Profit before taxation                        5           2,980          3,824           2,458            3,183
Taxation                                      6             (723)       (1,053)            (599)           (875)
Profit for the period                        2(b)         2,257          2,771           1,859            2,308
Attributable to:
  Shareholders                                            1,948          2,235           1,603            1,862
  Non-controlling interests                                 309            536             256              446
Profit for the period                                     2,257          2,771           1,859            2,308
Earnings per share                           8(a)
  Basic                                                 HK$0.43       HK$0.50        RMB0.36         RMB0.41
  Diluted                                               HK$0.43       HK$0.50        RMB0.36         RMB0.41




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

                                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited       57
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the six months ended June 30, 2022 (Unaudited)


                                                                                      For information purpose only
                                                             2022           2021           2022             2021
                                                        HK$ Million    HK$ Million    RMB Million      RMB Million
Profit for the period                                        2,257          2,771            1,859          2,308
Other comprehensive income
Items that are or may be reclassified
   subsequently to profit or loss:
     Movement in exchange reserve:
       Exchange difference arising from translation
         to presentation currency                            (5,015)        1,219            1,499           (292)
       Gain/(loss) on net investment hedge                        4           (10)               4              (9)
     Movement in hedging reserve:
       Effective portion of changes in fair value               95              7               79              6
       Net amount transferred to profit or loss                 (11)            7                (9)            6
       Deferred tax                                             (13)            (1)            (11)             (1)
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Net change in fair value of equity investments              (1)            1                (1)            1
Other comprehensive income for the period,
  net of tax                                                 (4,941)        1,223            1,561           (289)
Total comprehensive income for the period                    (2,684)        3,994            3,420          2,019
Attributable to:
     Shareholders                                            (2,517)        3,341            3,163          1,570
     Non-controlling interests                                 (167)          653              257            449
Total comprehensive income for the period                    (2,684)        3,994            3,420          2,019




58    Hang Lung Properties Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
At June 30, 2022


                                               (Unaudited)    (Audited)   For information purpose only
                                                 June 30, December 31,      June 30, December 31,
                                                    2022        2021           2022        2021
                                        Note   HK$ Million HK$ Million    RMB Million RMB Million
Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment
   Investment properties                 9        172,339     177,456         147,362          145,088
   Investment properties under
      development                        9         22,268      22,399           19,043          18,313
   Other property, plant
      and equipment                                   273          290             233              237
                                                  194,880     200,145         166,638          163,638
  Interests in joint ventures                       1,135       1,131             970              925
  Other assets                                         77          78              66               64
  Deferred tax assets                                  75          77              64               63
                                                  196,167     201,431         167,738          164,690
Current assets
 Cash and deposits with banks                       4,730       8,515            4,044            6,962
 Trade and other receivables            10          3,800       3,499            3,249            2,861
 Properties for sale                               11,019      10,790            9,421            8,822
 Assets held for sale                   11             15           –               13                –
                                                   19,564      22,804           16,727          18,645
Current liabilities
 Bank loans and other borrowings                    3,590       8,079            3,070            6,605
 Trade and other payables               12          9,630      10,895            8,234            8,908
 Lease liabilities                                     29          31               25               25
 Current tax payable                                  440         497              376              406
                                                   13,689      19,502           11,705          15,944
Net current assets                                  5,875        3,302           5,022            2,701
Total assets less current liabilities             202,042     204,733         172,760          167,391
Non-current liabilities
 Bank loans and other borrowings                   40,747      37,616           34,836          30,755
 Lease liabilities                                    285         305              244             249
 Deferred tax liabilities                          13,964      14,428           11,942          11,796
                                                   54,996      52,349           47,022          42,800
NET ASSETS                                        147,046     152,384         125,738          124,591
Capital and reserves
 Share capital                          13         39,950      39,950           37,462          37,462
 Reserves                                          96,598     101,769           79,299          78,409
Shareholders’ equity                              136,548     141,719         116,761          115,871
Non-controlling interests                          10,498      10,665           8,977            8,720
TOTAL EQUITY                                      147,046     152,384         125,738          124,591




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited   59
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the six months ended June 30, 2022 (Unaudited)


HK$ Million                                               Shareholders’ equity
                                                                                                Non-
                                              Share          Other     Retained            controlling     Total
                                             capital      reserves       profits      Total interests     equity
                                           (Note 13)      (Note 15)    (Note 15)
At January 1, 2022                           39,950          5,368       96,401     141,719    10,665    152,384
Profit for the period                                 –           –       1,948       1,948       309      2,257
Exchange difference arising from
  translation to presentation currency                –      (4,539)           –     (4,539)     (476)    (5,015)
Gain on net investment hedge                          –           4            –          4         –          4
Cash flow hedges: net movement
  in hedging reserve                                  –         71             –        71          –        71
Net change in fair value of equity
  investments                                         –          (1)           –         (1)        –         (1)
Total comprehensive income for
  the period                                          –      (4,465)      1,948      (2,517)     (167)    (2,684)
Final dividend in respect of
  previous year                                       –           –       (2,699)    (2,699)        –     (2,699)
Employee share-based payments                         –         37             8        45          –        45
At June 30, 2022                             39,950            940       95,658     136,548    10,498    147,046


At January 1, 2021                           39,916          2,581       95,798     138,295     9,893    148,188
Profit for the period                                 –           –       2,235       2,235       536      2,771
Exchange difference arising from
  translation to presentation currency                –      1,102             –      1,102       117      1,219
Loss on net investment hedge                          –         (10)           –        (10)        –        (10)
Cash flow hedges: net movement
  in hedging reserve                                  –         13             –        13          –        13
Net change in fair value of equity
  investments                                         –           1            –          1         –          1
Total comprehensive income for
  the period                                          –      1,106        2,235       3,341       653      3,994
Final dividend in respect of
  previous year                                       –           –       (2,653)    (2,653)        –     (2,653)
Issue of shares                                      30          (4)           –        26          –        26
Employee share-based payments                         –        (161)        190         29          –        29
At June 30, 2021                             39,946          3,522       95,570     139,038    10,546    149,584




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

60   Hang Lung Properties Limited
For information purpose only

RMB Million                                        Shareholders’ equity
                                                                                         Non-
                                          Share       Other     Retained            controlling          Total
                                         capital   reserves       profits      Total interests          equity
At January 1, 2022                       37,462       (2,086)     80,495     115,871        8,720      124,591
Profit for the period                         –            –       1,603       1,603          256        1,859
Exchange difference arising from
  translation to presentation currency        –       1,498             –      1,498             1       1,499
Gain on net investment hedge                  –            4            –          4             –               4
Cash flow hedges: net movement
  in hedging reserve                          –          59             –        59              –              59
Net change in fair value of equity
  investments                                 –           (1)           –         (1)            –              (1)
Total comprehensive income for
  the period                                  –       1,560        1,603       3,163          257         3,420
Final dividend in respect of
  previous year                               –            –       (2,311)    (2,311)            –       (2,311)
Employee share-based payments                 –          31             7        38              –              38
At June 30, 2022                         37,462        (495)      79,794     116,761        8,977      125,738


At January 1, 2021                       37,434       (1,124)     79,982     116,292        8,326      124,618
Profit for the period                         –            –       1,862       1,862          446        2,308
Exchange difference arising from
  translation to presentation currency        –         (295)           –       (295)            3         (292)
Loss on net investment hedge                  –           (9)           –         (9)            –              (9)
Cash flow hedges: net movement
  in hedging reserve                          –          11             –        11              –              11
Net change in fair value of equity
  investments                                 –            1            –          1             –               1
Total comprehensive income for
  the period                                  –         (292)      1,862       1,570          449         2,019
Final dividend in respect of
  previous year                               –            –       (2,195)    (2,195)            –       (2,195)
Issue of shares                              25           (3)           –        22              –              22
Employee share-based payments                 –         (133)        157         24              –              24
At June 30, 2021                         37,459       (1,552)     79,806     115,713        8,775      124,488




                                                                                 Hang Lung Properties Limited        61
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
For the six months ended June 30, 2022 (Unaudited)


                                                                                  For information purpose only
                                                          2022           2021          2022            2021
                                                     HK$ Million    HK$ Million   RMB Million     RMB Million
Operating activities
 Operating cash flow before changes
   in working capital                                     3,508          3,451           2,890          2,875
 Increase in properties for sale                           (422)        (2,674)           (339)        (2,230)
 Other changes in working capital                          (586)            65            (479)            49
 Income tax paid                                           (637)          (767)           (535)          (639)
Net cash generated from operating
  activities                                              1,863             75           1,537             55
Investing activities
  Payment for property, plant and equipment               (1,387)       (1,978)         (1,156)        (1,660)
  Decrease in bank deposits with maturity
    greater than 3 months                                    30             12              25             10
  Other cash flows arising from investing
    activities                                               40            143              33           120
Net cash used in investing activities                     (1,317)       (1,823)         (1,098)        (1,530)
Financing activities
  Proceeds from new bank loans and
     other borrowings                                    16,323         12,592          13,565        10,493
  Repayment of bank loans and other
     borrowings                                          (17,069)       (9,613)        (14,147)        (8,010)
  Interest and other borrowing costs paid                   (709)         (726)           (588)          (603)
  Dividend paid                                           (2,699)       (2,653)         (2,311)        (2,195)
  Other cash flows (used in)/arising from
     financing activities                                    (15)           13             (13)            11
Net cash used in financing activities                     (4,169)         (387)         (3,494)          (304)
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                     (3,623)       (2,135)         (3,055)        (1,779)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                     (131)           24             159             (16)
Cash and cash equivalents at January 1                     8,391         5,034           6,860          4,228
Cash and cash equivalents at June 30                      4,637          2,923           3,964         2,433
Analysis of the balance of cash and
  cash equivalents
Cash and deposits with banks                              4,730          4,206           4,044         3,501
Less: Bank deposits with maturity greater
        than 3 months                                        (93)       (1,283)            (80)        (1,068)
Cash and cash equivalents at June 30                      4,637          2,923           3,964         2,433




62   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

1. BASIS OF PREPARATION

   The unaudited interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with Hong
   Kong Accounting Standard (HKAS) 34, Interim Financial Reporting , issued by the Hong
   Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA) and the applicable disclosure
   provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
   Hong Kong Limited.


   The preparation of interim financial report in conformity with HKAS 34 requires
   management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application
   of policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses on a year-
   to-date basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


   The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG in accordance
   with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial
   information performed by the independent auditor of the entity , issued by the HKICPA.
    KPMG’s independent review report to the Board of Directors is included on pages 54 to
    55.


   The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting
   Standards (HKFRSs) that are first effective for the current accounting period of the
   Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”). These developments have no
   material effect on how the Group’s results and financial position for the current or prior
   periods have been prepared or presented in this interim financial report. The Group has
   not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current
   accounting period.


   The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the same accounting
   policies adopted in the 2021 annual financial statements.




                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited   63
1. BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

      The presentation currency of these consolidated financial statements is Hong Kong
      dollar. In view of the Group’s significant business operations in mainland China,
      management has included additional financial information prepared in Renminbi in the
      consolidated financial statements. Such supplementary information is prepared on the
      same basis as 2021 as if the presentation currency is Renminbi.


      The financial information relating to the financial year ended December 31, 2021
      included in the interim financial report as comparative information does not constitute the
      Company’s statutory annual consolidated financial statements for that financial year but
      is derived from those financial statements. Further information relating to these statutory
      financial statements disclosed in accordance with section 436 of the Hong Kong
      Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) is as follows:


      The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended December 31,
      2021 to the Registrar of Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of
      Schedule 6 to, the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


      The Company’s auditor has reported on those financial statements. The auditor’s
      report was unqualified; did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditor
      drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying its report; and did not contain
      a statement under sections 406(2), 407(2) or 407(3) of the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance.




64   Hang Lung Properties Limited
2. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

  The Group manages businesses according to the nature of services and products
  provided. Management has determined property leasing and property sales to be the
  reportable operating segments for the measurement of performance and the allocation
  of resources.


  Segment assets principally comprise all non-current assets and current assets directly
  attributable to each segment with the exception of interests in joint ventures, other
  assets, deferred tax assets and cash and deposits with banks.


  (a) Disaggregation of revenue


      Revenue for the six months ended June 30, 2022 is analyzed as follows:


      HK$ Million                                               2022                   2021
      Under the scope of HKFRS 16, Leases :
      Rental income                                             4,409                 4,462
      Under the scope of HKFRS 15, Revenue
       from contracts with customers :
      Sales of completed properties                               316                          –
      Building management fees and
        other income from property leasing                        577                    513
                                                                  893                    513
                                                                5,302                 4,975




                                                                Hang Lung Properties Limited       65
2. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

      (b) Revenue and results by segments

            HK$ Million                                  2022                            2021
                                             Property Property               Property   Property
                                             Leasing     Sales      Total    Leasing      Sales      Total
            Revenue
              – Mainland China                  3,367           –   3,367      3,295            –   3,295
              – Hong Kong                       1,619      316      1,935      1,680            –   1,680
                                                4,986      316      5,302      4,975            –   4,975

            Profit/(loss) from operations
              before changes in
              fair value of properties
              – Mainland China                  2,085      (19)     2,066      2,116          (9)   2,107
              – Hong Kong                       1,196      152      1,348      1,294         (13)   1,281
                                                3,281      133      3,414      3,410         (22)   3,388
            Net (decrease)/increase
             in fair value of properties         (221)          –    (221)       618            –     618
              – Mainland China                   (149)          –    (149)     1,355            –   1,355
              – Hong Kong                         (72)          –     (72)      (737)           –    (737)
            Net interest expense                 (224)          –    (224)      (182)           –    (182)
              – Interest income                   30            –     30          44            –      44
              – Finance costs                    (254)          –    (254)      (226)           –    (226)
            Share of profits of
             joint ventures                       11            –     11           –            –        –
            Profit/(loss) before taxation       2,847      133      2,980      3,846         (22)   3,824
            Taxation                             (698)     (25)      (723)    (1,055)           2   (1,053)
            Profit/(loss) for the period        2,149      108      2,257      2,791         (20)   2,771

            Net profit/(loss) attributable
             to shareholders                    1,840      108      1,948      2,255         (20)   2,235




66   Hang Lung Properties Limited
2. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

  (c) Total segment assets

      HK$ Million                          June 30, 2022                December 31, 2021
                                    Property Property               Property   Property
                                    Leasing     Sales       Total   Leasing       Sales         Total
      Mainland China                135,766     5,119   140,885     141,263       4,883     146,146
      Hong Kong                       62,625    6,204      68,829    62,351       5,937      68,288
                                    198,391    11,323   209,714     203,614     10,820      214,434
      Interests in joint ventures                           1,135                              1,131
      Other assets                                            77                                      78
      Deferred tax assets                                     75                                      77
      Cash and deposits
        with banks                                          4,730                              8,515
                                                        215,731                             224,235


3. OTHER NET INCOME

  HK$ Million                                                          2022                   2021
  Government grants                                                       11                      29
  Others                                                                   1                       2
                                                                          12                      31


4. NET INTEREST EXPENSE

  HK$ Million                                                          2022                   2021
  Interest income on bank deposits                                        30                      44
  Interest expense on bank loans and
     other borrowings                                                    689                    726
  Interest on lease liabilities                                            8                      8
  Other borrowing costs                                                   36                     29
  Total borrowing costs                                                  733                    763
  Less: Borrowing costs capitalized                                     (479)                  (537)
  Finance costs                                                          254                    226
  Net interest expense                                                  (224)                  (182)




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited        67
5. PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

      HK$ Million                                                                           2022                    2021
      Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:
        Cost of properties sold                                                               135                       –
        Staff costs (Note)                                                                    779                     737
        Depreciation                                                                           49                      33

      Note: The staff costs included employee share-based payments of HK$45 million (2021: HK$29 million). If the amounts
            not recognized in the statement of profit or loss, including amounts capitalized, were accounted for, staff costs
            would have been HK$937 million (2021: HK$883 million).



6. TAXATION IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS

      Provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% (2021: 16.5%) of the
      estimated assessable profits for the period. Mainland China Income Tax represents
      mainland China Corporate Income Tax calculated at 25% (2021: 25%) and mainland
      China withholding income tax calculated at the applicable rates. The withholding tax rate
      applicable to Hong Kong companies in respect of dividend distributions from foreign
      investment enterprises in mainland China was 5% (2021: 5%).


      HK$ Million                                                                           2022                    2021
      Current tax
        Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                                 154                     151
        Mainland China Income Tax                                                             448                     449
         Total current tax                                                                    602                     600
      Deferred tax
        Changes in fair value of properties                                                     18                    339
        Other origination and reversal of
          temporary differences                                                               103                     114
         Total deferred tax                                                                   121                     453
      Total income tax expense                                                                723                  1,053




68   Hang Lung Properties Limited
7. DIVIDENDS

  (a) Interim dividend


      HK$ Million                                               2022                   2021
      Proposed after the end of the reporting period:
        HK18 cents (2021: HK18 cents) per share                  810                     810


      The dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been
      recognized as a liability at the end of the reporting period.


  (b) Final dividend approved and paid during the six months ended June 30, 2022

      HK$ Million                                               2022                   2021
      2021 final dividend of HK60 cents
        (2020: HK59 cents) per share                           2,699                  2,653


8. EARNINGS PER SHARE

  (a) The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the following
      data:


      HK$ Million                                               2022                   2021
      Net profit attributable to shareholders                  1,948                  2,235


                                                             Number of shares
                                                                2022                   2021
      Weighted average number of shares used
        in calculating basic earnings per share         4,499,260,670 4,498,255,129
      Effect of dilutive potential ordinary
        shares － share options                                       –          5,023,613
      Weighted average number of shares used
       in calculating diluted earnings per share        4,499,260,670 4,503,278,742




                                                                Hang Lung Properties Limited   69
8. EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)

      (b) The underlying net profit attributable to shareholders, which excluded changes in
          fair value of properties net of related income tax and non-controlling interests, is
          calculated as follows:


            HK$ Million                                               2022             2021
            Net profit attributable to shareholders                  1,948             2,235
            Effect of changes in fair value of properties              221              (618)
            Effect of corresponding income tax                          18               339
            Effect of changes in fair value of investment
              properties of joint ventures                                7               19
                                                                       246              (260)
            Non-controlling interests                                   23               225
                                                                       269               (35)
            Underlying net profit attributable to
              shareholders                                           2,217             2,200


            The earnings per share based on underlying net profit attributable to shareholders
            was:


                                                                      2022             2021
            Basic                                                 HK$0.49          HK$0.49
            Diluted                                               HK$0.49          HK$0.49


9. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES UNDER
   DEVELOPMENT

      (a) Additions


            During the six months ended June 30, 2022, additions to investment properties and
            investment properties under development amounted to HK$1,100 million (2021:
            HK$1,116 million).




70   Hang Lung Properties Limited
9. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES UNDER
   DEVELOPMENT (Continued)

  (b) Valuation


      The investment properties and investment properties under development of the
      Group were revalued as of June 30, 2022 by Mr. Charles C.K. Chan, Registered
      Professional Surveyor (General Practice), of Savills Valuation and Professional
      Services Limited, on a market value basis.


10. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

  (a) Included in trade and other receivables are trade receivables (based on the due
      date) with the following aging analysis:


      HK$ Million                                              June 30,      December 31,
                                                                  2022              2021
      Not past due or less than 1 month past due                     137                    117
      1 – 3 months past due                                           53                      7
      More than 3 months past due                                      4                      4
                                                                     194                    128


  (b) The Group maintains a defined credit policy including stringent credit evaluation on
      and payment of a rental deposit from tenants. In addition to the payment of rental
      deposits, tenants are required to pay monthly rents in respect of leased properties in
      advance. Receivables are regularly reviewed and closely monitored to minimize any
      associated credit risk.


      Provision for expected credit losses was assessed and adequately made on a
      tenant-by-tenant basis, based on the historical default experience and forward-
      looking information that may impact the tenants’ ability to repay the outstanding
      balances.


  (c) Included in “other receivables” of the Group is a deposit of land acquisition in
      mainland China of HK$292 million (December 31, 2021: HK$306 million).




                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited   71
11. ASSETS HELD FOR SALE

      In May 2022, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with independent
      third parties to dispose of a retail unit at Laichikok Bay Garden in Hong Kong.
      Accordingly, the relevant asset is presented as assets held for sale. The transaction is
      expected to be completed in August 2022.


12. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

      (a) Included in trade and other payables are trade creditors with the following aging
          analysis:


            HK$ Million                                              June 30,   December 31,
                                                                        2022           2021
            Due within 3 months                                         1,032             1,666
            Due after 3 months                                          2,888             3,141
                                                                        3,920             4,807


      (b) Included in trade and other payables is an amount of HK$601 million (December
          31, 2021: HK$601 million) due to a fellow subsidiary, which is the joint developer
          of a project in which the Group and the fellow subsidiary hold respective interests
          of 66.67% and 33.33%. The amount represents the contribution by the fellow
          subsidiary in proportion to its interest to finance the project, and is unsecured, non-
          interest bearing and has no fixed terms of repayment.


13. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                   2022                         2021
                                          Number of   Amount of         Number of      Amount of
                                             shares share capital          shares    share capital
                                             Million HK$ Million           Million    HK$ Million
      Ordinary shares, issued and
        fully paid:
      At January 1                             4,499        39,950          4,498         39,916
      Shares issued under share option
        scheme                                     –             –              1              34
      At June 30/December 31                   4,499        39,950          4,499         39,950




72   Hang Lung Properties Limited
14. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES

  The share option scheme adopted by the Company on April 18, 2012 (the “2012
  Share Option Scheme”) was terminated upon the adoption of a new share option
  scheme on April 27, 2022 (the “2022 Share Option Scheme”). The 2022 Share Option
  Scheme became valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing from the
  date of adoption. No further share options shall be offered or granted under the 2012
  Share Option Scheme but in all other respects the provisions of the 2012 Share Option
  Scheme shall remain in full force and effect, and all share options granted prior to such
  termination and not exercised nor forfeited/lapsed at the date of termination shall remain
  valid. No share options have been granted under the 2022 Share Option Scheme since
  its adoption, and the share options granted under the 2012 Share Option Scheme to the
  directors and employees are at nominal consideration and each share option gives the
  holder the right to subscribe for one share of the Company.


  The movements of share options under the 2012 Share Option Scheme during the six
  months ended June 30, 2022 are as follows:

                                        Number of share options                            Period during   Exercise
                       Outstanding on                   Forfeited/ Outstanding on    which share options      price
  Date granted        January 1, 2022      Granted        Lapsed    June 30, 2022        are exercisable     (HK$)
  June 4, 2013            22,840,000             –      (440,000)      22,400,000        June 4, 2015 to     28.20
                                                                                           June 3, 2023
  December 5, 2014        19,820,000             –      (350,000)      19,470,000   December 5, 2016 to      22.60
                                                                                      December 4, 2024
  August 10, 2017         30,183,000             –     (1,113,000)     29,070,000    August 10, 2019 to      19.98
                                                                                         August 9, 2027
  May 16, 2018            10,000,000             –                –    10,000,000       May 16, 2020 to      18.98
                                                                                           May 15, 2028
  June 28, 2019           44,961,900             –     (2,526,600)     42,435,300      June 28, 2021 to      18.58
                                                                                          June 27, 2029
  May 12, 2021            63,105,000             –     (3,595,000)     59,510,000       May 12, 2023 to      19.95
                                                                                           May 11, 2031
  October 6, 2021          2,000,000             –                –     2,000,000     October 6, 2023 to     17.65
                                                                                        October 5, 2031
  February 21, 2022                –    67,070,000     (1,330,000)     65,740,000   February 21, 2024 to     16.38
                                                                                      February 20, 2032
  Total                  192,909,900    67,070,000     (9,354,600)    250,625,300




                                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited      73
14. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (Continued)

      All the above share options may vest after two to five years of the grant date and are
      exercisable up to the tenth anniversary of the date of grant, after which they will lapse.
      No share options were exercised or cancelled during the six months ended June 30,
      2022.


      In respect of share options granted during the six months ended June 30, 2022, the
      closing share price of the Company immediately before the date of grant was HK$16.32.


      During the six months ended June 30, 2022, 9,354,600 share options (2021: 4,999,000
      share options) were forfeited upon cessations of the grantees’ employments.


      The fair value of share options granted was estimated at the date of grant using the
      Black-Scholes pricing model taking into account the terms and conditions upon which
      the share options were granted. In respect of the share options granted during the six
      months ended June 30, 2022, the fair value, terms and conditions, and assumptions are
      as follows:


      Fair value at grant date                                                        HK$2.07
      Share price at grant date                                                      HK$16.32
      Exercise price                                                                 HK$16.38
      Risk-free interest rate                                                           1.55%
      Expected life (in years)                                                              6
      Expected volatility                                                              24.79%
      Expected dividends per share                                                    HK$0.78

      The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility and the expected dividends
      per share are based on historical dividends. Changes in the above assumptions could
      materially affect the fair value estimate.




74   Hang Lung Properties Limited
15. RESERVES

  HK$ Million                                                          Other reserves

                                                                                        Employee
                                                                       Investment     share-based
                                               Exchange     Hedging revaluation compensation                    Retained       Total
                                                reserve     reserve       reserve         reserve      Total      profits   reserves

  At January 1, 2022                              4,814         (17)           78            493       5,368      96,401     101,769
  Profit for the period                                –          –              –              –          –       1,948       1,948
  Exchange difference arising from
    translation to presentation currency          (4,539)         –              –              –     (4,539)          –      (4,539)
  Gain on net investment hedge                         4          –              –              –          4           –              4
  Cash flow hedges: net movement in
    hedging reserve                                    –         71              –              –         71           –            71
  Net change in fair value of equity
    investments                                        –          –             (1)             –         (1)          –             (1)
  Total comprehensive income for the
    period                                        (4,535)        71             (1)             –     (4,465)      1,948      (2,517)
  Final dividend in respect of previous year           –          –              –              –          –      (2,699)     (2,699)
  Employee share-based payments                        –          –              –            37          37           8            45

  At June 30, 2022                                  279          54            77            530         940      95,658      96,598



  At January 1, 2021                              1,941         (67)           77            630       2,581      95,798      98,379
  Profit for the period                                –          –              –              –          –       2,235       2,235
  Exchange difference arising from
    translation to presentation currency          1,102           –              –              –      1,102           –       1,102
  Loss on net investment hedge                       (10)         –              –              –        (10)          –            (10)
  Cash flow hedges: net movement in
    hedging reserve                                    –         13              –              –         13           –            13
  Net change in fair value of equity
    investments                                        –          –             1               –          1           –              1
  Total comprehensive income for the
    period                                        1,092          13             1               –      1,106       2,235       3,341
  Final dividend in respect of previous year           –          –              –              –          –      (2,653)     (2,653)
  Issue of shares                                      –          –              –             (4)        (4)          –             (4)
  Employee share-based payments                        –          –              –           (161)      (161)        190            29

  At June 30, 2021                                3,033         (54)           78            465       3,522      95,570      99,092




                                                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited         75
16. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      The fair value of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at the end of the
      reporting period on a recurring basis, categorized into the three-level fair value hierarchy
      as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement . The level into which a fair value
      measurement is classified and determined with reference to the observability and
      significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique is as follows:

      •     Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted
            quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement
            date

      •     Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable
            inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs.
            Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available.

      •     Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

      (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value

            (i)   The level of fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurements are
                  categorized and analyzed below:

                  HK$ Million                             Fair value                  Fair value
                                                     June 30,       December 31, measurements
                                                        2022               2021 categorized into
                  Financial assets
                  Trade and other receivables
                    Cross currency swaps
                       (cash flow hedges)                    6                26         Level 2
                    Interest rate swaps
                       (cash flow hedges)                  63                  –         Level 2
                  Other assets
                    Investment in equity
                       instruments                         77                 78         Level 3
                  Financial liabilities
                  Trade and other payables
                    Interest rate swaps
                       (cash flow hedges)                    –               (15)        Level 2




76   Hang Lung Properties Limited
16. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

  (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)


             The fair value of the cross currency swaps and interest rate swaps is determined
             based on the amount that the Group would receive or pay to terminate the
             swaps at the end of the reporting period taking into account current interest
             rates and current creditworthiness of the swap counter-parties.


             The fair value of non-publicly traded equity investments is determined by
             reference to the net asset value of these investments.


      (ii)   Transfers of instruments between the three-level fair value hierarchy

             During the six months ended June 30, 2022, there were no transfers of
             instruments between Level 1 and Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3. The
             Group’s policy is to recognize transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as
             of the end of the reporting period in which they occur.


  (b) Fair value of financial instruments carried at other than fair value


      The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at amortized cost
      were not materially different from their fair values as of December 31, 2021 and
      June 30, 2022.




                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited   77
17. COMMITMENTS

      At the end of the reporting period, capital commitments not provided for in the financial
      statements were as follows:


      HK$ Million                                                 June 30, December 31,
                                                                     2022         2021
      Contracted for                                                 5,171             5,975
      Authorized but not contracted for                             12,701            13,162
                                                                    17,872            19,137


      The above commitments include mainly the construction related costs to be incurred in
      respect of the Group’s development of investment properties in various cities in mainland
      China.

18. REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT

      The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by the Audit Committee.
      It was authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on July 28, 2022.




78   Hang Lung Properties Limited
GLOSSARY


FINANCIAL TERMS

Finance costs:             Total of interest expense on total borrowings and other
                           borrowing costs, net of amount capitalized


Total borrowings:          Total of bank loans and other borrowings, net of unamortized
                           other borrowing costs


Net debt:                  Total borrowings net of cash and deposits with banks


Net profit attributable Profit for the period (after tax) less amounts attributable to
 to shareholders:       non-controlling interests


Underlying net profit      Net profit attributable to shareholders excluding changes in
 attributable to           fair value of properties net of related income tax and non-
 shareholders:             controlling interests

FINANCIAL RATIOS

                         Net profit attributable to                                 Total
Basic
                              shareholders                Debt to                borrowings
earnings per   =                                                           =
                      Weighted average number of          equity                 Total equity
share
                    shares in issue during the period

Net assets
attributable to            Shareholders’ equity           Net debt to              Net debt
                =                                                          =
shareholders          Weighted average number of          equity                 Total equity
per share           shares in issue during the period

                      Profit from operations before
                    changes in fair value of properties
Interest cover =
                    Finance costs before capitalization
                           less interest income




                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited   79
INFORMATION FOR INVESTORS


FINANCIAL CALENDAR

Financial period                                     January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022
Announcement of interim results                                           July 28, 2022
Latest time for lodging transfers                    4:30 p.m. on September 13, 2022
Closure of share register                 September 14 to 15, 2022 (both days inclusive)
Record date for interim dividend                                  September 15, 2022
Payment date for interim dividend                                 September 29, 2022

SHARE LISTING

As at June 30, 2022, 4,499,260,670 shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited. It has a sponsored American Depositary Receipt (ADR) Program in the New York
market.

STOCK CODE

Hong Kong Stock Exchange: 00101
Reuters: 0101.HK
Bloomberg: 101HK
CUSIP Number/Ticker Symbol for ADR Code: 41043M104/HLPPY

SHARE INFORMATION

Share price as at June 30, 2022: HK$14.88
Market capitalization as at June 30, 2022: HK$66.95 billion

SHARE REGISTRAR

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Tel: 2862 8555
Fax: 2865 0990

INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT

Joyce Kwock
Email: ir@hanglung.com


80   Hang Lung Properties Limited
