2021
     CONTENTS

 2   Corporate Information

 3   Chair’s Letter to Shareholders

21   Vice Chair’s Notes

26   Financial Highlights

27   Review of Operations

46   Other Information

54   Independent Auditor’s Review Report

56   Financial Statements

83   Glossary

84   Information for Investors
Corporate Information

DIRECTORS                                 AUTHORIZED
                                          REPRESENTATIVES
Ronnie C. Chan GBM (Chair)
Adriel Chan (Vice Chair)                  Weber W.P. Lo
Weber W.P. Lo (Chief Executive Officer)   Winnie Ma
Nelson W.L. Yuen*
Dominic C.F. Ho*                          COMPANY SECRETARY
Philip N.L. Chen#
Andrew K.C. Chan BBS, JP*                 Winnie Ma
H.K. Chang GBS, JP*
Anita Y.M. Fung BBS, JP*                  REGISTERED OFFICE
H.C. Ho (Chief Financial Officer)
                                          28th Floor
#
    Non-Executive Director                Standard Chartered Bank Building
*   Independent Non-Executive Director
                                          4 Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong
                                          Tel: 2879 0111
AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                          Fax: 2868 6086
                                          Website: http://www.hanglung.com
Dominic C.F. Ho (Chair)
                                          Email: HLProperties@hanglung.com
Andrew K.C. Chan BBS, JP
H.K. Chang GBS, JP
Anita Y.M. Fung BBS, JP                   AUDITOR

                                          KPMG
NOMINATION AND
                                          Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                      the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance


Nelson W.L. Yuen (Chair)
Dominic C.F. Ho
H.K. Chang GBS, JP




2   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Chair’s Letter to Shareholders

RESULTS AND DIVIDEND

Compared to the last corresponding period, revenue advanced 19% to HK$4,975 million
for the six months ended June 30, 2021, in the absence of property sale income. Net profit
attributable to shareholders was HK$2,235 million (2020: loss of HK$2,537 million). The
corresponding earnings per share was HK50 cents.


Underlying net profit attributable to shareholders climbed 11% to HK$2,200 million when
excluding property revaluation gain and all related effects. Earnings per share rose similarly to
HK49 cents.


The Board has declared an interim dividend of HK18 cents per share payable on September
29, 2021 to shareholders of record on September 15, 2021. It represents an increase of HK1
cent. The last time that Hang Lung Properties raised interim dividend was in 2010.


BUSINESS REVIEW

Mainland investment properties now account for two-thirds of total rental revenue. There
is a good reason for this, and a not-so-good one. The good reason is that our commercial
complexes up north are all performing well, some very well. The not-so-good reason is that
Hong Kong is still a drag, although indications are that the worst may be behind us. Business
activities locally are picking up, albeit slowly.


Compared to the year before, tenant sales have soared in our Mainland luxury malls and have
greatly improved in the sub-luxury ones. They rose, respectively, 122% and 56%. However,
the first half of 2020 was abnormal because COVID-19 struck during the last few days of
January, and its effects on consumption lasted until sometime in April 2020. As such, it is
more meaningful to compare the half year under review to the same period of 2019. In that
case, on a like-for-like basis, our top-end shopping centers did 137% more business this
year. For our other properties, sales were up 6%.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   3
A very pleasant event in the past six months was the inauguration of Heartland 66 in Wuhan
on March 25. The 460,000-square-meter luxury complex was so named because Wuhan is
in many ways truly at the heart or center of the country. It is where China’s longest river, the
Yangtze River (or Chang Jiang), meets a main north-south thoroughfare. Traditionally, it has
been a major transportation hub, even to this day. The city is big with a population of over 11
million. Historically, it was one of the first inland cities to open to foreign trade and foreigners.
It has always been an industrial town with many significant universities. Its stature in China is
in many ways similar to Chicago in the U.S.


The location of Heartland 66 within the city of Wuhan is superb, and the site is very big. All the
high-end shopping facilities are within two blocks from us. Our mall spans 177,000 square
meters and houses basically all the world’s top luxury brands. Most of them have migrated
from elsewhere in the city, while others are new to the city. The near 150,000-square-meter
office skyscraper was opened four months earlier in November 2020 and is already one-third
occupied. The 130,000 square meters of serviced apartments will be ready for sale in the first
half of next year. We have a total of 2,800 car parking spaces, which is, by far, more than any
development in the neighborhood.


The initial performance of the mall has been very encouraging. As my readers know, Spring
City 66 in Kunming opened 19 months earlier (in August 2019) and has been a huge success.
Its retail space is about 6% smaller than Heartland 66 in Wuhan, but the two have the same
market positioning – both can be crowned as the top luxury mall in their respective cities.
Judging from the results of Heartland 66 so far, it is running ahead of Spring City 66 for the
same period. We anticipate the same for the office towers.


In terms of tenant sales, Spring City 66 is already the second highest in our portfolio outside
Shanghai, next only to Center 66 in Wuxi. It should continue to trade well in the long term
since it occupies a position of the undisputed market leadership. However, it will not surprise
me if Heartland 66 in Wuhan surpasses it for the following reasons. Heartland 66 is a slightly
larger facility; Wuhan is a bigger city in terms of population and economy compared to
Kunming, and its citizens on average have higher consumption power. The only moderating
factor is that, in terms of market dominance, Spring City 66 is stronger, i.e., it has less
competition. It is probably too early to tell, since Heartland 66 is only four months old, but
I believe that for now it has the potential to be the highest, or at least one of the highest,
grossing malls we have outside Shanghai.




4   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Although relatively small at about 120,000 square meters, the mall at Center 66 in Wuxi now
has the highest tenant sales of all properties outside Shanghai. Momentum is still strong. The
main part of the city only has about four million people, but it ranks among the top two or
three in the country in terms of per capita wealth. For centuries, the residents in Wuxi have
been known for being well-educated and highly entrepreneurial. Today, many manufacturing
concerns that dot the region are among the best and the biggest in the world, in whatever
niche they play. Traditionally, Wuxi people are among the most cultured in the country, which
is reflected in their sophistication and refined tastes today. All these contribute to powerful
sales at the city’s number one luxury mall. I wonder how far consumption can grow, but for at
least the next few years, I expect our rental to rise nicely.


The two office towers at Center 66 in Wuxi are leasing well with a combined occupancy of
84% – 90% for the older and slightly bigger, and 74% for the other. Our tenants are among
the most prestigious business names.


The two residential towers are now under construction. We plan to presell the serviced
apartments in 2022 and have them ready for occupancy in 2024. We have also signed up
a top international brand to manage our boutique hotel. Once all parts are completed, the
complex will be most pleasing to all – to us, financially, to our clients, and to the citizens of
Wuxi, culturally. It is a gem in the very center of this lovely and thriving city.


The mall at Forum 66 in Shenyang is slowly improving. The high-rise office tower is fully
occupied and its domestic and international tenants form an impressive list. It reflects China’s
economic significance in the world. Our Conrad Shenyang hotel is trading well, and is the
go-to place for business leaders, opinion leaders, and the wealthy, alike. They come not only
from the city but all around the region.


In a few short months, all the world-class luxury brands that have signed leases at Olympia
66 in Dalian will have opened for business. This is why we have internally reclassified the mall
as luxury. (As a result, we will only have three in the sub-luxury malls category in our portfolio
of ten retail properties.) Phase two, which accounts for some 13% of total space, is just
having shops open as I write. The tunnel that links our property to the subway station was
inaugurated three months ago. All these point towards a rise in tenant sales beginning at the
end of this year. The growth curve next year may be quite steep, the rate of which may be
among the highest in our portfolio. Rent rises will follow.




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   5
To round out our luxury malls, the two in Shanghai, Plaza 66 and Grand Gateway 66, seem
for now unstoppable. Compared to the year before, tenant sales more than doubled, yet this
pales beside our other five-star facilities – Spring City 66 in Kunming more than tripled at
232%, and Center 66 in Wuxi almost tripled at 190%. Given market abnormality in the first
half of 2020, we compare the last six months with the second half of last year. Most of our
luxury malls grew by double digits, led by Center 66 in Wuxi at 33%, Olympia 66 in Dalian
at 25% and Spring City 66 in Kunming at 19%. Only Plaza 66 in Shanghai and Forum 66 in
Shenyang were in the single-digit territory. As suggested in my last letter, Grand Gateway 66,
which saw the completion of its Asset Enhancement Initiative (AEI) only in November 2020,
outperformed Plaza 66. It rose by 16%. In the coming six to 12 months, I will not be surprised
if the trend continues.


Because sales figures are those of our tenants and not shown in our financial reporting, I
have highlighted them above. To be sure, sustainably more sales will sooner or later translate
to higher rents. Presently at relatively high turnover rent levels in most of our properties
compared to the past, base rent can be expected to rise at the next lease renewal. (Over the
years and with few exceptions, our malls have primarily relied on fixed base rent, a practice
which we will strive to continue.)


Another way of anticipating future rental levels is to look at the occupancy cost to our tenants.
In general, luxury shops with much richer profit margins should be able to bear a higher
occupancy cost. At present, our malls are low compared to history. There is room for them to
rise through rent increases.


Our three sub-luxury malls are faring acceptably. As a group, tenant sales rose 56% over
the same period of 2020 and 3% over the previous six months. The AEI at Parc 66 in Jinan
began last month and will take two to three years to complete. Disruption to tenants will be
kept to a minimum, but rents will inevitably be somewhat affected. The good news is that
several luxury brands have already signed leases and will start moving in two years from now.
This ushers in a gradual transformation of the facility to luxury status, which will take several
years to complete.




6   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Contributing to the recent successes of our Mainland malls was the nationwide CRM (or
Customer Relationship Management) program known as HOUSE 66. It was initiated by our
former CEO, Mr. Philip Chen, but taken to today’s heights by our current CEO, Mr. Weber Lo.
By last year, we had completed the rollout to all our facilities, and by the time we met with the
press and analysts to discuss our results in early July 2021, we had already surpassed the
one-million-users mark. Heartland 66 in Wuhan was the first of our shopping centers that was
inaugurated with it, and it has greatly lifted the stickiness of our most valuable customers. Our
reward is their loyalty, resulting in sustained increases in tenant sales. Shoppers are happy,
our tenants are happy, and so are we.


All our Mainland offices are doing well. In spite of oversupply everywhere, our two older
properties, namely Plaza 66 in Shanghai and Forum 66 in Shenyang – saw occupancy
between 95% and 97%. Even the newer facilities are filling up. As reported earlier, the two
towers in Center 66 in Wuxi are, respectively, at 90% and 74%, the newer building being 22
months old. Spring City 66 in Kunming, which also opened in August 2019, just crossed the
halfway mark, while Heartland 66 in Wuhan is one-third occupied after less than eight months
in operation.


One reason for the satisfactory result is the inauguration in mid-2020 of our own brand of
multi-functional workspace called HANGOUT. Our other new product of modular offices was
launched at the same time and has also proven popular. The two help to fill up our new office
buildings faster, and they also command higher rents than the conventional leases. Innovation
in business models can be lucrative. The first HANGOUT is located in Center 66 in Wuxi,
while modular offices have been installed in Spring City 66 in Kunming and Heartland 66 in
Wuhan. As appropriate, we will do more.


Westlake 66 in Hangzhou is proceeding as planned. We are already in serious discussions
with many top luxury brands regarding shop layout and eventually lease contracts, even
though the mall (and some office towers) are not expected to top out until the end of 2024
at the earliest. Four months ago, we signed a management agreement with Mandarin
Oriental, which is one of the world’s most prestigious hotel brands. Its truly five-star status will
complement the top luxury fashion names that are expected to be our mall tenants.




                                                                          Hang Lung Properties Limited   7
Just as critical is the overall design of the entire complex which entails a mall, a hotel, and five
mid-rise office towers. (They are mid-rise because of height restrictions, given the proximity
to the undisputedly most scenic in-city lake in China – the West Lake. The tallest of the
five is 150 meters, with a commanding view of West Lake.) All building structures are put in
a garden setting that juxtaposes in perfect harmony modern architecture with several old
buildings preserved within. The development sits right next to Wulin Square, which is the city
center. In some ways, we are redefining the traditional downtown of this most beautiful of all
Chinese cities. It also happens to be economically a near tier-one municipality.


Six months ago, I invited our newly appointed Vice Chair, Adriel, to start offering his thoughts
to shareholders. He wrote the inaugural Vice Chair’s Notes on three topics: (1) Our Vision,
Mission, and Values (or VMV), (2) sustainability, and (3) technology. Given the renewed VMV,
it is perhaps appropriate that we should adjust our English motto from We Do It Right to
We Do It Well. The Chinese version, which is richer in meaning, remains unchanged. It
encompasses the dual meaning of We Do It Well and We Do It Right. As explained in
my interim Letter to Shareholders of 2020, the former is a matter of quality in decision and
execution, whereas the latter implies strongly ethical behavior. To make it succinct in the
English language, we only use the latter. This “rightness” is clearly included in the first of four
focuses of the “Value” part of our Vision, Mission and Values – integrity. It is also something
that is already in the genes of our corporate culture, an emphasis that dates back to our
founding 61 years ago. As such, it seems reasonable to now emphasize another focus of the
fourfold value, that of excellence, hence We Do It Well.


This is also an opportune time to refresh our corporate image. The logo for the “66” brand
used on the Mainland has been redesigned. I hope you like it. There is much brand equity
associated with the name all over the country. On the Mainland, we have adopted the
simplified Chinese characters used there. This way, we identify more closely with the local
communities where the majority of our customers live.




8   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Due to the pandemic, nowadays Hong Kong residents cannot enter the Mainland without
14 or 21 days of quarantine, depending on the destination. This effectively cuts off most
business travel. Whereas before COVID-19, I traveled north every month, my last visit was
December 2019 which was 19 months ago! After returning in May from four months on the
Mainland and visiting 20 cities, what Adriel described to me seemed to be a new land that I
have never visited. Apparently, social and not just economic advancements have been brisk.
(Adriel has informed me that among other topics, he would share with our shareholders his
observations from his latest trip in his second Vice Chair’s Notes. It comes out concurrently
with this letter.) If anything, his experience has strengthened the resolve of management to
pursue the Mainland market with renewed vigor.


Hong Kong rental remains weak although indications are that the worst for retail space should
be over. The same is true for offices. Any recovery, however, may be slow.

Four weeks after my last Letter to Shareholders dated January 28, and before the Annual
Report 2020 went to print, the hiccup in the closing of the tender we won last September for
the Shouson Hill site was satisfactorily resolved. As a result, we published an addendum to
that effect on February 25.


Planning is ongoing for five or six sizable stand-alone houses, each with a private garden
and a swimming pool. I expect the final product to be more luxurious than any that we have
developed so far. Especially given the superb location and ocean view, interest in such
houses has been keen. But for now, we will make sure that the development is well-designed,
well-constructed, and executed expeditiously.


We continue to receive inquiries for our development on Blue Pool Road. Last month, we sold
one house whose transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2022. As such, profit
therefrom will not be reflected in this year’s accounts. Suffice it to say that the price received
was rather satisfactory.


All constructions on the Mainland and in Hong Kong are basically on schedule. The Company
remains comfortably geared. Net debt to equity is below 25%.




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   9
Preparations are being made to sell all our Mainland serviced apartments outside Shanghai.
This may be a good time to say a word about the Chinese housing market. This is a topic
asked of me often by shareholders and non-shareholders alike and is closely related to our
business.


A few years ago, I publicly stated that the golden era of Mainland housing market was over.
Demand will always exist but the way the market, and so market participants, behave will be
different from before. What is amazing is that humankind has seldom seen an industry so big
and essential to society expanded so quickly and now wane so fast. The industry began less
than 30 years ago when the Central Government privatized housing. Before the early 1990’s,
I could hardly use the words “housing market” for there was none. Everything was owned by
the State.

Given societal need, the entrepreneurship of the Chinese people and the then irregularities
of the economy, the industry exploded. For all practical purposes, for the first time in 50-60
years, city dwellers could buy their own lodging. This was a new phenomenon yet an ancient
tradition because of the importance of family and home in Chinese culture. As the salaries of
average citizens rose along with overall economic growth, demand took off. And where there
is demand, supply will follow to the extent feasible.


Hundreds of real estate developers popped up and some became extraordinarily large. They
are, in fact, among the biggest in the world in terms of number of apartments constructed
and sold annually. Yet, almost all of them were founded in the early to mid-1990’s. In other
words, in about 20 years, they achieved the top few spots globally in size. This is not unusual
for technology companies but not for supposedly asset-heavy industries like homebuilders.
The only reason is the size of the Chinese market and the relaxed regulatory environment of
the time.


The by-product of this phenomenon, and some would say the cause of it, is a group of
dynamic and risk-taking entrepreneurs of various backgrounds. They rose to prominence and
rank among the wealthiest in the world once their companies were publicly listed. Because
we are more or less in the same business, I have met most of the big players. Obviously, they
each have their own distinct abilities that contribute to their amazing success.




10   Hang Lung Properties Limited
The game they played in the past decades was definitely not for the faint-hearted. It was
primarily a contest of size and speed. In today’s high-tech sector, some companies can
keep growing bigger and bigger but never make a profit. They talk about the burn rate (how
much money they have to spend annually to pursue a dream) and not financial returns. So,
among the Chinese homebuilders of the past two to three decades, some cared only for the
size of their land bank and the number of units or square meters constructed, but much less
for profitability. After all, until recently, they could somehow borrow money from banks, raise
equities, and even issue bonds. The sustainability of their business model was of little concern
to them. They seemed to be only fixated on beating the next person in numbers. It became
almost irrational to us observers.


The more sensible among those developers were definitely the state-owned enterprises
(SOEs). Their CEOs have real bosses – government agencies that own those SOEs. By
contrast, private developers, although publicly listed, hardly have any effective supervision
over them. Shareholders can only vote with their feet – sell the stocks if they are unhappy.
So, the wild game continued, which could not have a good ending. I publicly warned them,
but few would listen.


As predicted, a few years ago, the more audacious of the bunch started to have financial
difficulties. Some of them began to diversify into many fields from selling bottled drinks
to manufacturing steel and, more recently, electric vehicles. These are bad omens for the
industry. If the real estate model which is supposed to be lucrative – and it was for about
two decades – could continue, why diversify into completely unrelated industries? The
only explanation is that their risky homebuilding game could not continue indefinitely. In other
words, their business model is not sustainable.


There is another layer of complication. Housing is critical to the stability of any society and its
economy. The dollar amount involved is big – very big. As such, every national government
watches this industry carefully. Given the Chinese history of the past decades, it is especially
sensitive. Consequently, Beijing interferes regularly. This is certainly understandable, although
the means employed often surprise people.




                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited   11
(For a discussion on the subject, I refer my readers to my 2019 year-end Letter to
Shareholders of our controlling shareholder of Hang Lung Group. Another writing, including
my analysis on why in the past almost 30 years, powerful Hong Kong developers did not and
could not succeed in that sector, can be found in my annual Letter to Shareholders of 2004-
2005. At that time, the fiscal year-end was June 30.)


What will happen to this sector? It will always be there, as there is a genuine social need
for mass housing. However, profit margins will be greatly squeezed which means that
the risks will seriously increase. It has actually started already. Developers will continue to
chase numbers, i.e., to become bigger, for that is the only way to make more money given
thin margins. In the process, some will be allowed to go bankrupt. The sector will further
consolidate into fewer big players until the government steps in to rightly break up near
monopolistic situations. We will unlikely see the same excesses of the past two decades. The
“golden era” came and went, in lightning speed.


Our residential units on the Mainland are all serviced apartments that are part of a huge
commercial complex. They sit on top of or right next to a mall, one or more office towers, and
possibly a hotel. As a result, we are differently categorized by the government and so are not
subjected to the same rules as regular housing. There are advantages and disadvantages,
but on balance, we are pleased with what we have. We only participate in the luxury end of
the market which has different dynamics from mass housing. We expect to make reasonable
profits in all four projects of Heartland 66 in Wuhan, Center 66 in Wuxi, Spring City 66 in
Kunming, and Forum 66 in Shenyang.


More significantly, our overall business of focusing on rental of commercial space is much
more sustainable than the homebuilding craze of the past almost 30 years. It is much less
regulated by the government, if at all, for we do not affect the fundamental needs of society
like basic housing.


Frankly, we somewhat foresaw this critical difference in the early 1990’s. Our first project
on the Mainland, around the same time as Grand Gateway 66, was actually a stand-alone
high-rise apartment block also in Shanghai. It was a typical residential development for sale
to the masses. Comparing it and Grand Gateway 66, we decided to get out of the mass
homebuilding business in the mid-1990’s and focused instead on high-end commercial
complexes for rent. With hindsight, it was a correct decision.




12   Hang Lung Properties Limited
PROSPECTS

As in the past two years, upcoming challenges will primarily emanate from external factors. Of
the three recent troubles, the Hong Kong riots are now behind us. The National Security Law
(NSL) enacted 13 months ago and the subsequent amendments to the electoral rules have
effectively restored peace. The question now is how to rebuild society. The most critical factor
to watch is who will be our city’s next Chief Executive come July 1, 2022. We should know
latest by next spring. This is a critical time for Hong Kong, and this person will set the course
of our future beyond his or her five-year term.


Our second challenge is still COVID-19. I fear that humankind will have to live with it for a
lot longer than people had hoped. Because many Hong Kong citizens are hesitant to get
the vaccine, even though it is readily accessible and free, this hampers the efforts to reopen
the border. This is very damaging to our economy. Look at nearby Macau, the other Special
Administrative Region (SAR) like us. Because they have managed the pandemic better,
there are much less travel barriers between them and the Mainland. Consequently, they are
benefiting from the thriving economy of the Motherland.


What remains is the last of the three major external challenges – deteriorating China-U.S.
relations. To me, this is the one area which may, for better or worse, affect our business the
most and possibly for a very long time. Since I have previously written on the subject, I will not
belabor it here.


Suffice it to say that, short of a direct military conflict with the U.S., China should be able to
continue to grow economically as she becomes more international in her outlook and in her
commercial activities. Being the only major country on earth of size which is economically
capable of self-sustaining, America will also move forward, although she may no longer be as
global as she once was. In both countries, I believe that there will be many opportunities for
business, especially those that are domestically oriented.


For Hang Lung, our primary business is in mainland China and is basically of a domestic
nature. We rely on local consumption. In fact, I believe that the niche in which we play is one
of the sweet spots in the country. If we execute well, our future should be bright, as long as
there is a relatively peaceful environment.




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   13
Let me now turn to a few salient issues on our home base, Hong Kong. As I had previously
written, the riots of 2019 have seriously damaged our city’s economic prosperity. The good
old days are not to return anytime soon. Mainland citizens whose consumption was a major
source of our wealth have completely altered their previously favorable views of our city.
Beijing’s attitude towards us has also fundamentally changed. Bending over backwards for
20-some years to please us has left them disappointed. This SAR had become chaotic and
frankly ungovernable. Beijing was forced to use the only measure that could restore order
and stability. It began with the NSL. Fortunately, it worked. Peace has been restored but the
economy has been irreparably damaged. We need to look for new impetus for growth.


In the near future, Hong Kong will have to rely heavily on its one remaining key industry –
financial services. It produces a disproportionate amount of GDP, but its direct job-creating
capacity is limited. Nevertheless, it has many ripple effects on the economy and creates jobs
indirectly. As such, it is critical that we do our best to keep our status as an international
financial center. The one big unknown is that the U.S. will surely try to derail us.


Closer to Hang Lung is another local industry that is also significant to our economy, that of
real estate, especially residential. Hang Lung started over 60 years ago as a home developer
in Hong Kong, and we still build them when attractive opportunities present themselves.
However, this is no longer our primary business. We have not bought land for mass residential
developments for about two decades. Today, we only participate in the luxury housing sector
as evidenced by our purchase of the Shouson Hill site less than a year ago.


Nevertheless, mass residential is a very important part of our economy and society. It will in
turn affect our commercial rental operations. Frankly, it is a subject that evokes emotional
responses from many locals. A number of our international shareholders have also enquired
about my opinion. As such, I should briefly comment.


At the heart of the problem of high residential prices is land shortage. Six months ago, I
presented the reasons for the undersupply. Here I will expand a little. To refresh my readers’
memories, I stated that all major efforts of the government to sell land after 1997 were
blocked by opposition legislators, namely, the so-called pro-democrats. Their publicly stated
goal was to first bring down the Hong Kong government, followed by their dream of a regime
change in Beijing, something that they absolutely could not have attempted without massive
foreign aid, financial or otherwise. The opposers had publicly stated these intentions of theirs.




14   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Knowing how sensitive housing was to the local populace, the opposition’s tactic was
simple. Yet, how few have publicly explained it. Namely, they thwarted all government land
sales efforts including any related legislation. Examples include landfill projects, new town
developments, rezoning efforts, etc. With pitifully little land supply, residential prices soared.
They blamed the government for incompetence and hence it must be brought down. They
wanted to run Hong Kong not as a part of China. At issue was not economics; it was politics.


What is unfortunate is that such a populist narrative has been bought – hook, line, and
sinker – by our community. We know that everywhere, East and West, few people truly
exercise independent thinking. Consequently, the populace is easily swayed by ill-intentioned
populist press and loud social voices. Thus, on the issue of Hong Kong land supply, not only
taxi drivers and waiters condemned the government, even highly educated citizens believed
the same.

Here is an anecdote. Earlier this year I was at the home of a local friend who graduated
from one of the top American universities. He is in the manufacturing business and is also a
financial investor. Also present were a university president, a renowned economist, a high-
tech entrepreneur, and a senior government official. I purposely posed the question to all:
who must bear the primary responsibility for our city’s shortage of land? All but the civil
servant who kept silent said, “Of course, it is the government!” I then proceeded to explain
why that was not the case. Upon finishing, there was dead silence. No one could dispute my
arguments that it was the opposition politicians who were the primary culprits for our land
shortage. Let me further explain.


First, did government officials have a motive not to sell land? Of course not! By not selling,
they would become a public enemy. No one in his or her right mind would want that for
himself or herself. If so, then the only other possible explanation was the incompetence
of such officials. But that too could not be true. Almost all of our government leaders are
graduates of top local universities. Those are institutions that I could only have dreamed of
attending as a young man.


Consider, also, the fact that shortly after Hong Kong’s first Chief Executive (CE) Mr. C.H. Tung
announced his plans in 1997 to provide 85,000 units per year for multiple years, the then
Financial Secretary (later our second CE) Mr. Donald Tsang soon identified sufficient land for
10 years of housing supply at that level. Unfortunately, the Asian Financial Crisis struck on
July 2, 1997, and the plan was inevitably scrapped. But the land did not disappear. Much of
that remain available today.



                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   15
So why did successive administrations not sell land? This is because of the opposition in the
Legislative Council (LegCo) that obstructed any land sales. This was critical to their political
game plan as spelled out earlier. Whenever government officials brought land matters to
the legislature, the opposition blocked them. In fact, they verbally abused our civil servants
regularly. Being normal human beings like you and me, those officials dreaded their sessions
in LegCo. Who could blame them?


This way, the opposition won: land prices soared, housing became super expensive
and unaffordable, our citizens complained, and those opposition legislators criticized the
government for incompetence, exclaiming that the government must be thrown out. Once
the populace bought into this narrative, then opposition leaders were reelected with ease.
The fact of the matter is: they were the offenders. These perpetrators created havoc, blamed
their targeted “enemy” (the government), and then led the public to “execute” the wrongly
accused. They may have eventually succeeded, if not for the NSL.


To further strengthen my case: our third CE Mr. C.Y. Leung (from 2012 to 2017) is a chartered
surveyor by profession and is recognized as a top expert in the industry. In the 1980’s, he
personally penned the first land sales contracts in Shenzhen and Shanghai. He is a socially
minded individual who seeks for a more egalitarian society. He surely had the ability as well as
the motivation to sell land. Yet try as he did, he could not for the five years as the head of the
SAR government. By then, the political environment in Hong Kong had already been totally
poisoned by the opposition.


Whatever anyone thinks about the present CE Mrs. Carrie Lam, she, too, is socially minded,
and was for many years our Secretary for Development in charge of land and housing.
Although knowledgeable and willing, she also failed to sell land, again blocked by those
politicians. As a result, our housing remains one of the most expensive in the world. The
underlying reason is political, not economic.


So, what will housing prices be like moving forward? Given the NSL and a new electoral
regime, unconscionable behavior in LegCo with devious motives should be kept in check. I
am hopeful that in the future, we will be able to steer clear of factional infighting. If all these
could be worked out, then land supply in the coming years should increase. Land costs will
moderate, as will residential prices.




16   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Given strong demand, I am not worried about a market collapse. There is little incentive for
anyone to want that. After all, about half of our citizens already own a lodging. They would
certainly like to see the value of their biggest investment be maintained. As such, I am rather
sanguine about the industry.


That said, it will take a lot more for our overall economy to resume healthy growth. As I have
repeatedly stated in public, it must be more integrated with that of the Mainland. In particular,
our future lies with the Greater Bay Area, or GBA, given the determination of the central
government to develop it. With a population of well over 80 million, the GBA includes Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Guangzhou, three big and very important cities. Accounting for about
6% of the country’s population, it produces 12% of its economic output. With a GDP of
almost US$1.7 trillion, it is the world’s 12th largest economy. In terms of growth rate, it must
be twice the world’s average. Hong Kong would be unwise not to take advantage of this
opportunity.


However, there are two daunting challenges that my city need to overcome. Overcoming
them is not impossible, but it will take determination and leadership.


In Hong Kong, the primary dialect is Cantonese, but very few of the rest of the 1.4 billion
Chinese use it. They speak Putonghua which is very different in pronunciation. People
who speak only either cannot understand each other. Yet, without a common spoken
language, the social and economic integration of Hong Kong with the rest of the GBA, and
indeed with the rest of the country, will be, in my opinion, very difficult. It is not easy to find
many successful cases elsewhere in the world where two groups speaking two mutually
unrecognizable dialects can work together well, let alone seamlessly. In economic parlance,
we have to minimize friction to gain efficiency.


One encouraging fact is that over the past two decades or so, almost all Hong Kong
children are taught Putonghua at school as a subject. They can manage but how fluent
they are is questionable. For our economic good, I have advocated its adoption in our local
schools – kindergarten, primary schools, and middle schools – as the primary teaching
medium. Being a very expressive spoken dialect, Cantonese, like any other dialect, should be
preserved. However, it should be mainly used colloquially at home or on the streets. All official
or semi-official discussions, including those for business, should be held in Putonghua.




                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited   17
There is a second reason to use Putonghua. This relates to the other challenge that must
be overcome if Hong Kong were to be integrated, economically and otherwise, into the rest
of China, including the GBA. Namely, whereas this former colony has legally returned to her
Motherland on July 1, 1997, the hearts of many of our citizens have not. Key to this is the
issue of national identity, including cultural identity. These must be adequately addressed.
Speaking a dialect different from that on the Mainland will make it doubly difficult.


All this leads me to a simple but critical business decision: given the uncertainty that our
city faces, we should not be blindly optimistic about our near- to medium-term social and
economic future. It is wise to be cautious at this time.


Before sharing my assessments on Hang Lung’s near-term performance, I would like
to mention one other challenge. Although not as urgent as the U.S.-China divide, it is
nevertheless extremely important: climate change.


Some six years ago, I was invited to address a group of graduate students at a top American
university. I presented eight issues that will each cause detriment to a swath of humanity. For
sure they will all happen, but I do not know their order of appearance. We can do something
to mitigate the risk of some but not others. In the latter category, humankind is helpless.


The first three issues – natural catastrophes, man-made global warming, and pandemic
– are all directly or indirectly related to climate change. (Pandemics are a subject that we
now personally experience yet scientifically we know so little.) Of late, calamities relating
thereto have befallen humankind in many parts of the world. Floods, draughts, forest fires,
extreme climates, and accentuated weather patterns are but a few of the manifestations.
I fear that they will directly impact many businesses, and none of us can escape them.
Vengeance has caught up with humankind for all that we have done to the planet. Nature is
no longer respecting us, because we did not respect nature.


This is why your Company pays great attention to sustainability. I doubt if all of us working
together can completely avert disasters. But if we do not at least try, then payback time will
come even earlier, and with greater force. Frankly, we have no choice but to act decisively.


Let me finally turn to our Company’s likely performance in the near future. In Hong Kong,
domestic consumption reached its peak in 2018. It will unlikely be surpassed for a long time.
As a result, retail rental does not have a bright future, and overall commercial rent levels will
have to adjust downward.



18   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Our office market will depend, to a good extent, on the financial services industry as indicated
earlier. Although recent rents seem to have firmed, the market may not become vibrant
anytime soon. The overall economy will unlikely be strong in the next few years, yet a new
supply of Class A space in Central in the coming two to three years will be more than what
Hong Kong has seen in a very long time.


The only attractive market is in the residential sector. Mass housing should be acceptable, but
we will only participate when we deem the timing auspicious. The last such opportunity was
in 2001, exactly 20 years ago, when we bought several pieces of land on the cheap, including
that for The HarbourSide. Otherwise, we will go for luxury houses such as the Shouson Hill
site that we recently bought. But to be frank, such opportunities are limited.


For the past 30 years, we have increasingly cast our lot with the Mainland market. That
strategy seems more attractive today than ever. Barring unforeseen circumstances, we should
perform well in the coming few years, especially in luxury malls. The sub-luxury ones should
do acceptably but not great.


Since the second half of any calendar year usually has stronger consumption than the first,
our Mainland malls should continue to perform well in the rest of the year. Office leasing is
anticipated to progress similar to the first half of the year. Hong Kong rental is expected to
slowly recover, thus lessening the drag on overall results for the full year. The overall rental
picture is thus quite encouraging.


As reported, the house on Blue Pool Road that was sold last month is expected to close early
next year. We will do our best to part with the remaining units whenever the offer price meets
with our approval. As before, we are not under pressure to sell, and so will try to maximize
profit.


Residential sales on the Mainland will not begin in earnest until next year. Profits therefrom will
start to appear in 2023 and should last for several years.


All construction projects should proceed full steam ahead. The commercial complex Westlake
66 being built in Hangzhou is particularly significant to our continued growth. As well, we
are always searching for new land to buy in new metropolises as well as in cities where
we already have a presence. Our business model dictates that we can sustain our growth
momentum as long as we succeed to buy a nice big piece of land every few years.




                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited   19
We live in a troubled world. The two best places to invest in the coming decade are, I believe,
China and the U.S. Both have huge domestic markets. While the latter is highly developed
and sophisticated, the former is still at a relatively early stage of economic and social
development. I always believe that it is easier to make money in real estate in developing
economies, for faster growth lifts all boats. What is required in such fast-evolving markets
is a stable environment that is relatively corruption-free. At present, China appears to be at
that sweet spot. There are many fast-growing business opportunities of which luxury mall
ownership is one. The chances are fairly good that even with possible geopolitical turmoil,
the domestic Chinese market will proceed acceptably. If so, then we should be one of the
beneficiaries in the years to come. I remain cautiously optimistic.




Ronnie C. Chan
Chair
Hong Kong, July 29, 2021




20   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Vice Chair’s Notes

Six months ago, I wrote my inaugural Vice Chair’s Notes from Shanghai. After four months
there, I have returned to Hong Kong, where I write this interim note. The information garnered
from that trip, where I visited 20 cities (including Wuhan – four times), has been both
valuable and surprising. At the end of this note, I will highlight a few of our sustainability
initiatives, which we have spent much time and energy crystalizing and refining, in order to
align with our 2030 goals and targets announced last December.


In short, it is gratifying to see that the observations that I made earlier this year have come
through in our very healthy interim results. Without exception, tenant sales, foot traffic, and
rentals are up across our Mainland portfolio, and not insignificantly. Here in Hong Kong, we
continue to suffer from the drag-on effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and closed borders,
but it looks like we have reached the trough.


Year-on-year, our overall Mainland property leasing business grew by 33% in RMB terms,
within which mall rentals grew by 38%, and offices by 12%. Notably, our luxury mall rentals
grew by a staggering 46%, while sub-luxury malls grew by a modest 3%. This shows a two-
tiered recovery, clearly driven by high-end consumption. I will return to this later.


In this note, I hope to add some color to our financials: how our stakeholders and consumers
feel, the attitude on the street, and how Hang Lung is responding.


On my travels, I gauged the economy and sentiment in various non-scientific ways. In
addition to what you might expect, i.e., the standard itinerary of visiting retail malls and
outlets, meeting customers, tenants, local governments, contractors, consultants, etc., I have
endeavored collection of less formal data. This comes partially from my strong network of on-
the-ground friends and acquaintances – built over dozens of years visiting mainland China,
and six years living in Shanghai – who give me genuine, unbiased feedback, and partially
from my unique approach to getting to know cities.


Firstly, our mid-term results show very clearly that mainland China has been experiencing
a super-strong recovery; this much is obvious when you walk through our malls (or, in fact,
any main street on the Mainland.) Speaking with anyone living in mainland China, there is an
immense sense of optimism, dynamism, and progress. This is difficult to quantify, but the
excitement is palpable, and I have cross-checked this with multiple sources, from regional
consumer brand heads, to investors, to China observers; everyone senses the same intense
buzz. If we accept that the sentiment and sales performance are reliable indicators, the natural
follow-up questions are: what is driving such robust consumption, and is it sustainable?



                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   21
There are many reasons for the especially strong luxury consumption, but I will only focus on
three:


1)    Primarily, as a result of the global pandemic, international travel has all but stopped. If
      you trust the Bain & Company’s report on mainland China’s luxury consumption, which
      came out several years before the pandemic, the mainland Chinese had been spending
      something like two times as much on luxury goods outside of mainland China as they
      had within. That is, for every RMB100 spent on Louis Vuitton on the Mainland, they were
      spending around RMB200 outside. Mathematically, this tracks surprisingly closely to our
      observed first half tenant sales increase of over 122% in our luxury malls. Of course, our
      tenant sales also include those of other trades like entertainment and F&B, not just luxury,
      which is why our figure was less than 200%.


2)    In addition to the inability to travel, there is, of course, the continuing structural growth
      of the Chinese middle class, which brings with it a desire for better living standards,
      including luxury products. I expect this trend to continue for the foreseeable future, which
      you might tie very roughly with the country’s GDP growth. If you believe in China’s ability
      to execute her latest five-year-plan, then it should be safe to assume that this growth will
      continue for at least the next five years. On top of this, we also expect to benefit from the
      increased focus on internal high-quality consumption, and urbanization.


3)    Another unique driver for luxury consumption in mainland China is the lack of domestic
      investment options. (Similarly, this partly explains the Chinese love for investing in
      property.) Unlike in developed countries that have deep and sophisticated investment
      markets which include stocks, bonds, derivatives, foreign currency, real estate, wine,
      art, and everything in-between, a wealthy Chinese individual has a comparatively limited
      set of investment options. There is a large but relatively unsophisticated stock market,
      a recently opened bond market (with few good options), many questionable “wealth
      management products”, and not much else. This explains why the Chinese real estate
      sector is as popular as it is, but also explains the P2P (peer to peer) lending craze several
      years back. As affluent Chinese continue to look for investment opportunities, the art and
      fine wine markets have understandably made leaps and bounds over recent years. It is
      no wonder, then, that wealthy Chinese should also spend freely on luxury goods. After
      all, do not LVMH, Kering, Richemont, Chanel, and Hermès seem to be constantly raising
      prices? Why not invest in a Birkin or a Rolex, since it is all but guaranteed to appreciate,
      and can be enjoyed immediately?




22   Hang Lung Properties Limited
With these three reasons for sales volumes in mind, the question turns to whether or not it is
sustainable.


Given the current state of the world, the most immediate question surrounds point 1), that
is, the repatriation of luxury consumption to mainland China as a result of the pandemic. Will
the Chinese flock back to Paris, Milan, London, Tokyo, or Hong Kong once travel restrictions
have eased, thus re-expatriating all the retail growth that we have seen in the past year or so?


For several reasons, I am confident that we will not see a mass exodus when travel returns.
Firstly, and quite unfortunately, it seems that this state of pandemic uncertainty will linger for
quite a while longer. Optimists point at 2022, while I have heard more conservative experts
talking about 2024 or even 2025 for a return to normal. That said, even when “normal” does
return, it will almost certainly not come overnight. Secondly, by the time we reach that point,
Chinese luxury consumers will have built up both the habit and the relationships that are so
crucial in luxury spending. They will no longer want to line up in the rain on the Champs-
Elysees, and then not be able to buy the bag that they want because they do not have the
purchase history with that store nor the relationship with a sales associate. However, due
to the pandemic, within mainland China, the same customer will have built up the purchase
history as well as the relationships, which will allow them access to the most coveted bags,
not to mention much better service. On top of these, Hang Lung is also building strong
relationships with customers, which we hope will make them even more loyal to us.


Points 2) and 3) are relatively more structural, or at least further out of our zone of influence,
so I will not expand on them here, though I would love to discuss these with you at our next
AGM or on an investor call.


Coming back to my earlier point on a two-tiered recovery, there are two observations that
give me pause. First is that our recovery is clearly driven by our luxury malls, and so there is a
question about the type of returns that we should expect from our sub-luxury malls. Second,
and perhaps more disconcerting, is that there appear to be lingering regional hangovers
from the pandemic. On my travels, I asked my friends and colleagues about the status of
their friends’ and family’s income and employment, and only in the Northeast were there
colleagues whose friends or family were asked to take no-pay leave, to take pay cuts, or to
leave their companies. Especially since the world, including mainland China, is now facing the
rapid spread of the Delta and other variants, this is something to keep an eye on.




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   23
The point about luxury outperforming sub-luxury is also worth exploring. There are several
explanations for this. I believe that the main reason is the uneven impact of the pandemic
on different strata of society. The pandemic has shown, across the world, that the under-
privileged/poor suffer disproportionately more than the wealthy. Malls that cater to a more
mass market will naturally reflect this.


Secondly, the relative underperformance of our sub-luxury malls reflects the acceleration of a
trend that was already far along in China, that is, the shift to e-commerce for goods that are
most suited to it. This has meant that mass-market malls which sell lower priced discretionary
products have been impacted more than luxury malls. I interpret the fact that we have still
seen growth in our sub-luxury malls as a continued consolidation of the market into our best-
in-market offerings.

I would also like to take this opportunity to highlight the solid progress Hang Lung has
made in our sustainability endeavors over the past six months. Working toward the 2030
sustainability goals and targets that we announced last year, we have started and completed
various programs covering all ESG aspects. Some highlights include identifying specific KPIs
for each department to achieve this year (under “governance”), an annual greenhouse gas
(GHG) mitigation plan for our scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions (under “environment”),
and our first ever employee engagement survey, which managed to capture feedback from
over 97% of our staff across both Hong Kong and mainland China (under “social”).


To help us achieve our ambitious sustainability goals, we have expanded the sustainability
team this year. However, rather than continuously growing the team into a blunt instrument,
my goal is to use the purposefully small team as a lever, working with every department to
ensure that the entire company is angled toward sustainability, embedding the necessary
metrics and culture to achieve sustainability leadership.


Despite the uncertain backdrop of the COVID-19 pandemic, China-U.S. relations, and
climate change, I feel very good about both Hang Lung’s business as well as the direction in
which the market is heading. We occupy a very unique – but also unparalleled – space
in mainland China’s high-end retail sector which has already begun to blossom, and I look
forward to reaping the rewards in the coming years.




24   Hang Lung Properties Limited
The velocity of change over the past year has been immense, but our strong and experienced
team has managed to help us deliver an outstanding set of results. For this, I must give
my colleagues every credit – and my sincere thanks – for helping us navigate these
uncharted waters.



Adriel Chan
Vice Chair
Hong Kong, July 29, 2021




                                                                  Hang Lung Properties Limited   25
Financial Highlights
in HK$ Million (unless otherwise stated)


RESULTS
                                                       For the six months ended June 30
                                                    2021                              2020
                                      Property     Property                 Property  Property
                                       Leasing        Sales        Total     Leasing     Sales       Total
Revenue                                    4,975          –         4,975    4,184           –      4,184
 – Mainland China                          3,295          –         3,295    2,277           –      2,277
 – Hong Kong                               1,680          –         1,680    1,907           –      1,907

Operating profit                           3,652        (22)        3,630    3,045          (4)     3,041
 – Mainland China                          2,257         (9)        2,248    1,480          (2)     1,478
 – Hong Kong                               1,395        (13)        1,382    1,565          (2)     1,563

Underlying net profit
 attributable to shareholders              2,220        (20)        2,200    1,993          (4)     1,989

Net increase/(decrease) in fair
  value of properties
  attributable to shareholders               35           –            35    (4,526)         –     (4,526)

Net profit/(loss) attributable
 to shareholders                           2,255        (20)        2,235    (2,533)        (4)    (2,537)

                                                               At June 30,                At December 31,
                                                                     2021                           2020
Shareholders’ equity                                              139,038                         138,295

Net assets attributable to shareholders
 per share (HK$)                                                    $30.9                           $30.7

Earnings and Dividend (HK$)
                                                                    2021                            2020
Earnings/(loss) per share
  – based on underlying net profit attributable to
   shareholders                                                     $0.49                           $0.44
  – based on net profit/(loss) attributable to shareholders         $0.50                          ($0.56)

Interim dividend per share                                          $0.18                           $0.17

Financial ratios
                                                               At June 30,                At December 31,
                                                                     2021                           2020
Net debt to equity ratio                                           24.6%                           21.3%
Debt to equity ratio                                               27.5%                           25.6%




26   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Review of Operations

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS

Total revenue and operating profit of Hang Lung Properties Limited (the Company) and its
subsidiaries (collectively known as “Hang Lung Properties”) for the six months ended June
30, 2021 both increased by 19% to HK$4,975 million and HK$3,630 million, respectively.


All revenue and profit growth were contributed solely by our property leasing business as no
property sales revenue was recognized during the first half of 2021, nor the year prior.


Underlying net profit attributable to shareholders increased by 11% to HK$2,200 million.
Underlying earnings per share correspondingly rose to HK$0.49.


When including a net revaluation gain of properties attributable to shareholders of HK$35
million, Hang Lung Properties reported a net profit attributable to shareholders of HK$2,235
million (2020: net loss of HK$2,537 million) and a corresponding earnings per share of
HK$0.50 (2020: loss per share of HK$0.56).


Revenue and Operating Profit for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                     Revenue                              Operating Profit
                             2021         2020                    2021              2020
                       HK$ Million   HK$ Million   Change   HK$ Million       HK$ Million        Change
Property Leasing            4,975         4,184      19%         3,652             3,045            20%
  Mainland China            3,295         2,277      45%         2,257             1,480            53%
  Hong Kong                 1,680         1,907     –12%         1,395             1,565           –11%
Property Sales                  –              –      N/A           (22)               (4)         450%
Total                       4,975         4,184      19%         3,630             3,041            19%




                                                                          Hang Lung Properties Limited    27
DIVIDEND

The Board of Directors has declared an interim dividend of HK18 cents per share for 2021
(2020: HK17 cents) to be paid by cash on September 29, 2021, to shareholders whose
names are listed on the register of members on September 15, 2021.


PROPERTY LEASING

The overall rental revenue of Hang Lung Properties for the six months ended June 30, 2021
increased by 19% to HK$4,975 million. The robust rental growth on the Mainland could more
than offset the retreat in Hong Kong.


On the Mainland, our businesses displayed strong resilience during the period. Malls rich in
luxury content continued to experience a significant jump in tenant sales since April 2020.
Overall tenant sales more than doubled compared to that of the first half of 2020 and were
10% higher than the second half of 2020, while the rental revenue of the malls jumped 38% in
Renminbi (RMB) terms against the same period last year.


During the first half of 2021, Hong Kong continued to endure the adverse effects of COVID-19
but started to show signs of recovery. Under the continued tightening of social distancing
measures, businesses and the overall retail environment in Hong Kong have yet to recover to
pre-pandemic levels. We continued to grant rent relief to selected trades in Hong Kong during
the reporting period, but at a much reduced level period-on-period as market conditions
started stabilizing.




28   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Mainland China1


Property Leasing – Mainland China Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                                                                      Revenue
                                                                                    (RMB Million)
                                                                            2021             2020          Change
Malls                                                                      2,232            1,618              38%
Offices                                                                      473              422              12%
Hotel                                                                          41               22             86%
Total                                                                      2,746            2,062              33%
Total in HK$ Million equivalent                                            3,295            2,277              45%

Rental revenue and operating profit increased by 33% and 40% respectively in RMB terms.
Including the 8.6% RMB appreciation against HKD over the corresponding period last year,
overall rental revenue rose by 45% and operating profit grew by 53% in HKD terms.


All segments reported notable growth partly due to a lower base in 2020 caused by the
pandemic. The increase in the turnover rent of the malls and the uplift of the occupancy rate
of the offices also played a part. Overall rental margin was at 68%.


Comparing revenue during the first half of 2021 and the second half of 2020, revenue grew
by 5%. This is encouraging, which demonstrates a sustainable growth given that revenue in
the second half of 2020 was already 24% above that of the same period in 2019.


Excluding the new income stream from the Heartland 66 office tower and mall in Wuhan,
which opened in November 2020 and March 2021, respectively, revenue increased by 31%
against the first half of 2020 and by 3% against the second half of 2020.




1
    percentage changes in respect of the mainland China portfolio are expressed in RMB terms unless otherwise specified.




                                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   29
•     Malls


The mall portfolio earned 38% more revenue. Significant growth of 46% was experienced at
luxury-positioned malls, compared to a more moderate 3% at sub-luxury malls.


Property Leasing – Mainland China Mall Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                              Revenue                Period-end Occupancy Rate
                                            (RMB Million)              June December        June
Name of Mall and City               2021          2020      Change     2021      2020      2020
Luxury malls
Plaza 66, Shanghai                   874           561        56%       99%       99%       95%
Grand Gateway 66, Shanghai           565           453        25%       99%       98%       94%
Forum 66, Shenyang                    51            43        19%       88%       89%       83%
Center 66, Wuxi                      183           107        71%       95%       96%       92%
Olympia 66, Dalian                    67            67           –      82%       77%       80%
Spring City 66, Kunming              127            74        72%       95%       91%       84%
Heartland 66, Wuhan       #
                                      43              –        N/A      71%       N/A       N/A
                                    1,910        1,305        46%
Sub-luxury malls
Palace 66, Shenyang                   90            85         6%       92%       88%       83%
Parc 66, Jinan                       150           148         1%       94%       94%       92%
Riverside 66, Tianjin                 82            80         3%       76%       76%       84%
                                     322           313         3%
Total                               2,232        1,618        38%

#
      opened in March 2021


Our luxury malls benefited from the sequential growth in the high-value goods market, which
began in April 2020, as well as from the subsidence of COVID-19 on the Mainland. Period-
on-period tenant sales growth in these malls ranged from 65% to 232%. As a result, luxury
malls all enjoyed double-digit revenue growth except for Olympia 66 in Dalian, as the majority
of its luxury brands will open only in the second half of 2021.


On the other hand, sub-luxury malls reported a moderate growth of 3%, reflecting a slower
foot traffic-led consumption and sporadic COVID-19 outbreaks in those regions.




30   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Luxury malls


Being the Home to Luxury coupled with the success of our HOUSE 66 customer relationship
management (CRM) program, rental revenue from the Plaza 66 mall in Shanghai jumped
56% period-on-period while tenant sales surged by 101%. We will continue to deliver value
and premium services to our loyal customers through intensifying collaboration with our
tenants, which will in turn drive tenant sales.


The successful completion of the Asset Enhancement Initiative (AEI) at the Grand Gateway
66 mall in Shanghai has started to bear fruit. As an integral part of the AEI, the mall’s
positioning has been enriched with the addition of luxury content. Revenue increased 25%
and tenant sales leaped by 116% period-on-period. Grand Gateway 66 is now strongly
established as a regional lifestyle center with a comprehensive offering.

The Forum 66 mall in Shenyang delivered acceptable results despite another wave of
COVID-19 infections from late December 2020 to mid-January 2021. Revenue and tenant
sales increased by 19% and 65% respectively versus the same period last year. Effective
marketing campaigns and customer engagement in our HOUSE 66 CRM program launched
in August 2020 at Forum 66 helped to mitigate the adverse impact of the recent COVID-19
outbreak.


Benefiting from the continued migration of luxury brands to the Center 66 mall from other
shopping centers in Wuxi, revenue and tenant sales surged by 71% and 190% respectively
against the corresponding period last year, placing the mall in a solid position for sustainable
growth.


Olympia 66 in Dalian is undergoing a transformation into a luxury-led regional mall. A strong
line-up of top-luxury brands has been entering progressively since the third quarter of 2020,
with the majority preparing for opening in the third and fourth quarters of this year. Meanwhile,
revenue from the Olympia 66 mall has stayed flat while absorbing the effect of transitional
voids and disruption. Tenant sales posted a promising increase of 80% compared to the first
half of 2020, partly reflecting the low base of the last corresponding period. In April 2021, the
subway connecting the mall to the metro station on Line 2 was opened, adding convenience
and bringing another stream of foot traffic to the mall.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   31
The Spring City 66 mall in Kunming collected 72% more in rents, contributed by a surge in
turnover rent from strong luxury tenant sales. The opening of several prestigious brands in the
second half of 2020 further strengthened the mall’s positioning as the hub for luxury offerings
in the city and Yunnan province.


Our tenth mall on the Mainland, Heartland 66 in Wuhan, was opened in March 2021.
The mall has all the pedigrees to be the leader in the luxury-led regional lifestyle segment.
It generated a revenue of RMB43 million in just over three months of operation, with the
occupancy rate reaching 71% at the reporting date. As of June 30, 2021, shops amounting
to 52% of leasable area have commenced operations. The majority of the top brands are
scheduled to open in the second half of 2021.


Sub-luxury malls

Despite a local COVID-19 outbreak in December 2020 and January 2021, tenant sales
and footfall at the Palace 66 mall in Shenyang soon returned to normal when the outbreak
subsided. Revenue increased by 6% and tenant sales rose by 51% period-on-period. During
the difficult times in 2020, we seized the opportunity to refresh and refine the tenant mix of
Palace 66 by introducing competitive and unique brands to replace non-performing ones.


The Parc 66 mall in Jinan recorded a mild revenue growth of 1%. Tenant sales rose by 48%.
After operating for almost ten years since its opening in August 2011, a three-year AEI was
begun in June 2021 to uplift the mall’s positioning. The renovation is scheduled for completion
in phases from 2022 onwards. Leveraging on our experience in major asset enhancement
initiatives in Shanghai, we are confident that the transformation of Parc 66 will be another
great success. We will strive to keep the disruption to our tenants and customers during the
renovation to a minimum.


Revenue from the Riverside 66 mall in Tianjin was up 3% and tenant sales were 79% higher.
We are continuing to strengthen the mall’s offerings by introducing popular sports brands,
fashion and accessories, and a variety of high-quality goods and services for families and
children, along with a revamp in the food and beverage offering.


•     Offices

The office portfolio on the Mainland delivered a 12% revenue growth as tenants progressively
moved in to our new towers opened during 2019 and 2020. Revenue from the other four
towers in Shanghai, Wuxi and Shenyang achieved steady overall growth of 3%.


32   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Property Leasing – Mainland China Office Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                             Revenue                Period-end Occupancy Rate
                                           (RMB Million)              June December                June
Name of Office and City             2021         2020      Change     2021          2020           2020
Plaza 66, Shanghai                  310           300         3%       95%          93%            91%
Forum 66, Shenyang                   65            62         5%       97%          90%            88%
Center 66, Wuxi   (a)                53            47        13%       84%          72%            64%
Spring City 66, Kunming       (b)    35            13       169%       50%          41%            22%
Heartland 66, Wuhan     (c)          10              –        N/A      34%          15%             N/A
Total                               473           422        12%


(a)
      Center 66 Office Tower 2 in Wuxi opened in August 2019
(b)
      Spring City 66 office tower in Kunming opened in August 2019
(c)
      Heartland 66 office tower in Wuhan opened in November 2020


Income from the two office towers at Plaza 66 in Shanghai increased slightly by 3% despite
keen competition from offices in non-core areas in Shanghai. With the high-quality tenant-
customer engagement programs, superior customer service and premium hardware, Plaza
66 reaffirmed its leading position in a highly competitive market.


Income from Forum 66 in Shenyang increased by 5% as the occupancy rate rose to 97%.
Despite ample new supplies in Shenyang, the prestigious location and high-quality property
management and services of Forum 66 attracted and retained quality tenants.


Total income from the two office towers at Center 66 in Wuxi advanced 13% on an uplift
in the occupancy rate, which was primarily driven by new tenants relocating from other
properties and internal expansion of existing tenants. Leasing of the second tower was
further boosted by our first branded and self-operated multifunctional workspace, HANGOUT,
launched in September 2020, which is proving to be popular.


Office tower revenue at Spring City 66 in Kunming surged by 169%. Top-tier tenants in the
city are attracted to this premier Grade A office given its prime location and premium facilities.
We expanded our product mix by offering modular spaces with high standard fit-out and
furnishings, capturing top-tier tenants who are willing to pay for value-added services and
premium products. This successful model helped accelerate the leasing of the office tower.




                                                                          Hang Lung Properties Limited    33
The seventh office tower in our Mainland portfolio, Heartland 66 in Wuhan commenced
operations in November 2020. Rental revenue during the period was RMB10 million with the
occupancy rate at 34%. Similar to Spring City 66 in Kunming, we offered ready-to-use office
premises to strengthen our competitive edge. The increasing popularity of Heartland 66 is
gaining the property landmark status in Wuhan.


•     Hotel


Conrad Shenyang earned 86% more in revenue at RMB41 million in the first half of 2021.
As domestic travels resumed, room sales improved on the back of strengthening domestic
demand, while food and beverage income bounced back as restaurants resumed full service,
and meeting and events demand started to return.

Hong Kong


Hong Kong’s economy has been suffering from intermittent waves of the pandemic since
2020, with the fourth wave impacting the city between November 2020 and May 2021. The
tightened social distancing measures and continued travel restrictions most notably affected
restaurants, cinemas, gyms, travel businesses, fashion wholesalers and education centers. In
2021, we continued to grant rent relief to support selected tenants and trades for the long-
term survival of these businesses. These relief measures along with our tenancy renewal
and refinement strategy helped to maintain a high occupancy rate and will further facilitate
medium-term growth post-pandemic. With these efforts, revenue drop was contained at
12% to HK$1,680 million while operating profit receded by 11% to HK$1,395 million. Rental
margin increased one point to 83%. Compared to the second half of 2020, revenue was
down by 3%.


Properties located in Causeway Bay and Mongkok were under more pressure due to their
reliance on tourists. Tenants of specific trades, such as cinemas, gyms, restaurants, among
others, were more directly affected by the social distancing measures imposed by the
government.


Recent improvements in market sentiment have shown signs of recovery of the Hong Kong
retail market since February 2021. Likewise, the amount of rent relief granted to selected
trades was much lowered than in the second half of 2020. The “hello Hang Lung Malls
Rewards Program” along with the Hang Lung Malls App was launched in March 2021 in an
effort to accelerate this recovery. Using the mobile platform, customers can conveniently earn
points and obtain promotional offers from our tenants while visiting our malls.


34   Hang Lung Properties Limited
We launched initiatives worth over HK$10 million in support of the government’s COVID-19
vaccination drive. One such initiative includes “hello Hang Lung Malls Rewards Program”
members who are fully vaccinated before the end of September 2021 will be entitled to
e-shopping coupons upon a spending in our malls. The majority of our tenants have pledged
their support of initiatives to bolster the vaccination drive.


Property Leasing – Hong Kong Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                      Revenue                 Period-end Occupancy Rate
                                     (HK$ Million)              June December                June
                              2021         2020      Change     2021          2020           2020
Commercial                     980        1,133       –14%       97%          97%            97%
Offices                        584          635        –8%       88%          88%            90%
Residential & Serviced
  Apartments                   116          139       –17%       56%          56%            58%
Total                        1,680        1,907       –12%


•   Commercial


Revenue from our Hong Kong commercial portfolio decreased by 14% to HK$980 million.


The Causeway Bay portfolio was most affected due to the significant decrease in tourist
arrivals and associated spending on beauty and fashion and accessories. Revenue dropped
by 20%.


Our Mongkok portfolio, with high exposure to the fast-moving youth lifestyle as well as
tourist-oriented trades, was also negatively impacted. Revenue at Grand Plaza and Gala
Place retreated by 25%. We were able to lease out the space vacated by the former three-
story anchor tenant at Gala Place to Foot Locker, a leading global athletic footwear and
apparel brand, a new AEON STYLE concept store, and created a new dining cluster in the
basement, maintaining the commercial area at full occupancy.


Kornhill Plaza in Hong Kong East and Amoy Plaza in Kowloon East, our community
strongholds, were comparatively defensive. Revenue at Kornhill Plaza and Amoy Plaza
dropped 7% and 9% respectively.




                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited    35
Peak Galleria collected 2% more in rents during the period against the first half of 2020 as
the occupancy rate reached 96% and we refined trade mix to better satisfy the needs of local
consumers.


•     Offices


Revenue declined by 8% to HK$584 million as a result of rent relief and a lower average
occupancy rate. Hong Kong office rentals accounted for 35% of the total rental revenue in
Hong Kong.


The office portfolio was also affected by COVID-19, especially tenants in the businesses
of beauty, gym, travel, fashion wholesale and education. The performance of the Central
portfolio remained stable while revenue from the Mongkok and Causeway Bay portfolios,
which have more semi-retail elements, decreased by 4% and 29% respectively.


•     Residential & Serviced Apartments


Serviced apartments are prone to the impact of travel restrictions, which have prevailed
throughout the reporting period. Revenue dropped by 17% to HK$116 million together with
the average occupancy rate at Kornhill Apartments and The Summit.


PROPERTY SALES

In June 2021, one Blue Pool Road house was sold. Sales revenue and profit from this
transaction will be recognized upon completion of legal assignment in the first quarter
of 2022. As such, no property sales revenue was recorded during the reporting period.
Operating loss from property sales for the six months ended June 30, 2021 was HK$22
million mainly representing the pre-sale marketing expenses for projects to be launched in
2021, and other operating expenditures.


We continued to seize opportunities to dispose of non-core investment properties for capital
recycling. In addition to the completion of sales of 44 car parking spaces made in 2020, we
sold 15 more car parking spaces during the current period. The overall sale price was close
to the valuation as of December 31, 2020; therefore, the amount of gain or loss was minimal.




36   Hang Lung Properties Limited
PROPERTY REVALUATION

The total value of our investment properties and those under development amounted
to HK$195,064 million as of June 30, 2021, including the mainland China portfolio of
HK$134,714 million and the Hong Kong portfolio of HK$60,350 million. These properties
were appraised by Savills, an independent valuer, as of June 30, 2021.


A revaluation gain of HK$618 million (2020: loss of HK$4,642 million) was recorded,
representing a slight increase in valuation compared to the value as of December 31, 2020.


The mainland China portfolio recorded a gain of HK$1,355 million (2020: loss of HK$2,307
million), a 1% increase versus the valuation at the end of 2020, largely reflecting the expected
recovery in the luxury malls. Valuation of offices was stable.


The Hong Kong portfolio had a revaluation loss of HK$737 million (2020: loss of HK$2,335
million), representing a 1% decrease against the value as of December 31, 2020. The decline
was smaller compared to the 4% and 3% half-on-half drop in the first and second halves of
2020. Commercial and office segments recorded a deeper drop, while apartments were more
stable.


PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT AND CAPITAL COMMITMENT

The aggregated values of projects under development for leasing and for sale were
HK$20,816 million and HK$10,220 million, respectively. These comprised mainland China
projects in Wuhan, Wuxi, Kunming, Hangzhou, and Shenyang, and redevelopment projects
in Hong Kong. At the reporting date, our capital commitments for the development of
investment properties amounted to HK$19 billion.


Mainland China


After the opening of the mall of Heartland 66 in Wuhan in March 2021, remaining
developments of three blocks of Heartland Residences are scheduled for completion in the
last quarter of 2022. Superstructure construction works are in progress and, with prospect
engagement to commence in end of 2021, we expect the pre-sale of Heartland Residences
to begin in the first half of 2022.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   37
Phase two of Center 66 in Wuxi comprises two blocks of Center Residences and a hotel.
Excavation and piling works are in progress. The project is expected to reach completion
from 2023 onwards.


Remaining developments at Spring City 66 in Kunming comprise the five-star Grand Hyatt
Kunming hotel and luxury branded residences. Construction has begun and is scheduled for
completion in 2023. The hotel is expected to open in the second half of 2023.


The piling works at Westlake 66 in Hangzhou are making good progress. The project is an
integrated high-end commercial development, comprising a retail podium, five Grade A office
towers and a Mandarin Oriental hotel. The project is scheduled for completion, in phases,
from 2024 onwards.

The remaining phases of Forum 66 in Shenyang consist of offices, the Forum Residences
and a retail podium with a total gross floor area of 502,660 square meters. Piling works are
in progress and we are refining the master layout plan in parallel. The project is scheduled for
completion, in stages, from 2025 onwards.


Hong Kong


Construction works at the Grade A office tower redevelopment at 226-240 Electric Road
in North Point are in progress. The project is a joint development with our parent company,
Hang Lung Group Limited (Hang Lung Group), inclusive of a retail area across the lower
floors. Superstructure works have started and the project is scheduled for completion in late
2022.


The former Amoycan Industrial Centre in Ngau Tau Kok, close to MTR Kowloon Bay Station
and the future East Kowloon Cultural Centre, is being redeveloped into residential units and
some commercial areas on the podium floors. Construction is on schedule, and the project is
targeted for completion in 2023. The pre-sale of apartments is planned for the second half of
2021.


The land acquisition at 37 Shouson Hill Road in the Southern District of Hong Kong Island
was completed in February 2021. We expected to receive the approval from the government
the plan to redevelop the site into low-density residential properties before the end of 2021.




38   Hang Lung Properties Limited
FINANCING MANAGEMENT

We have been maintaining an appropriate capital structure with multiple channels of financing
and a high degree of agility. The aim is to ensure access to sufficient financial resources for
meeting operational needs and business expansions and to cushion Hang Lung Properties
from unexpected external financial shock. All financial risk management, including debt
refinancing, foreign exchange exposure, and interest rate volatility, is centrally managed and
controlled at the corporate level.


Funding needs are closely monitored and regularly reviewed to allow a fair degree of financial
flexibility and liquidity while optimizing the cost of funds. We also maintain multiple sources of
debt financing to mitigate concentration risks.


For debt portfolio management, we focus on mitigating foreign exchange, interest rate, and
refinancing risks through an appropriate mix of RMB/HKD/USD borrowings, fixed/floating-rate
debts, a staggered debt repayment profile, and a diversified source of funding.


As part of our ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) initiatives, Hang Lung Properties
continues to focus on sustainable finance with plans to increase its proportion in our entire
debt portfolio. During the first half of 2021, we issued green bonds worth HK$2 billion and
obtained three sustainability-linked loan facilities totaling HK$4 billion. All those are collectively
referred as sustainable finance, which now accounts for 24% of our total debts and available
facilities. We have plans to increase that proportion further.


•   Cash Management


As of June 30, 2021, total cash and bank balances amounted to HK$4,206 million (December
31, 2020: HK$6,319 million). The balance decreased after paying for construction fees
of various projects under development and the balance payment for the acquisition of 37
Shouson Hill Road in Hong Kong. All deposits are placed with banks carrying strong credit
ratings. The counterparty risk is monitored on a regular basis.




                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited   39
The cash and bank balances at the reporting date comprised the following currencies:

                                        At June 30, 2021            At December 31, 2020
                                     HK$ Million   % of Total      HK$ Million   % of Total
Denominated in:
  HKD                                         242          6%           2,584           41%
  RMB                                       3,821         91%           3,602           57%
  USD                                         143          3%             133            2%
Total cash and bank balances                4,206        100%           6,319          100%


•     Debt Portfolio


At the balance sheet date, total borrowings amounted to HK$41,070 million (December 31,
2020: HK$37,917 million), of which 33% was denominated in RMB to act as a natural hedge
to net investments in mainland China. The higher debt balance against December 31, 2020
was mainly due to payments for construction in mainland China and Hong Kong.


Our fixed-rate borrowings mainly consist of Medium Term Notes (MTNs) and bank loans that
are converted to fixed-rate by the use of interest rate swaps. The percentage of fixed-rate
borrowings fell to 54% of total borrowings as of June 30, 2021 as a USD500 million MTN
was redeemed in April 2021, despite a total of HK$2.7 billion MTNs issued during the first six
months of 2021.


The composition of our debt portfolio can be categorized as follows:


i)    by currency (after currency swap):

                                        At June 30, 2021            At December 31, 2020
                                     HK$ Million   % of Total      HK$ Million   % of Total
Denominated in:
  HKD                                      27,630         67%          25,007           66%
  RMB                                      13,440         33%          12,910           34%
Total borrowings                           41,070        100%          37,917          100%




40   Hang Lung Properties Limited
ii)   by fixed or floating interest (after interest rate swap):

                                           At June 30, 2021               At December 31, 2020
                                        HK$ Million   % of Total         HK$ Million   % of Total
Fixed                                       21,976         54%               23,772         63%
Floating                                    19,094         46%               14,145         37%
Total borrowings                            41,070        100%               37,917        100%


•     Gearing Ratios


At the reporting date, the net debt balance amounted to HK$36,864 million (December 31,
2020: HK$31,598 million). Net debt to equity ratio was 24.6% (December 31, 2020: 21.3%)
and debt to equity ratio was 27.5% (December 31, 2020: 25.6%). The increase in both ratios
was largely due to capital expenditures and the balance payment for the acquisition of 37
Shouson Hill Road in Hong Kong.


•     Maturity Profile and Refinancing


At the balance sheet date, the average tenure of the entire loan portfolio was 3.0 years
(December 31, 2020: 2.9 years). The maturity profile was staggered over more than 10 years.
Around 62% of the loans were repayable after two years.

                                           At June 30, 2021               At December 31, 2020
                                        HK$ Million   % of Total         HK$ Million   % of Total
Repayable:
  Within 1 year                                8,594               21%        7,464                20%
  After 1 but within 2 years                   6,817               17%        8,585                23%
  After 2 but within 5 years                  20,719               50%       18,645                49%
  Over 5 years                                 4,940               12%        3,223                 8%
Total borrowings                              41,070              100%       37,917               100%


As of June 30, 2021, total undrawn committed banking facilities amounted to HK$10,631
million (December 31, 2020: HK$12,563 million). The available balances of the USD4 billion
(December 31, 2020: USD4 billion) MTN Program amounted to USD1,905 million, equivalent
to HK$14,792 million (December 31, 2020: HK$12,945 million).




                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited   41
•     Net Finance Costs and Interest Cover


For the first half of 2021, gross finance costs increased 6% to HK$763 million. The effect of
the increase in total borrowings was partially offset by the drop in the average effective cost
of borrowings which was lowered to 3.9% (2020: 4.6%), benefiting from lower interest rates
upon the refinancing of maturing debts.


The net amount charged to the statement of profit or loss increased to HK$226 million as
finance costs capitalized for projects under development decreased after the completion of
the mall and office at Heartland 66 in Wuhan.


Interest income for the period increased by 42% to HK$44 million mainly due to a temporary
increase in average balance of deposits.

Interest cover for the first six months of 2021 was 5 times (2020: 4 times).


•     Foreign Exchange Management


Normal operations in mainland China and the MTN denominated in USD expose our business
activities to foreign exchange fluctuations. Appropriate measures have been taken to mitigate
our risk.


(a) RMB Exposure


Our RMB exposure is mainly derived from the currency translation risk arising from the net
assets of our subsidiaries in mainland China.


As of June 30, 2021, net assets denominated in RMB accounted for about 73% of our total
net assets. The RMB appreciated against the HKD by 1.1% compared with December 31,
2020. The translation of these net assets from RMB into HKD at the exchange rate as of
the reporting date resulted in a translation gain of HK$1,209 million (2020: loss of HK$1,877
million), recognized in other comprehensive income/exchange reserve.




42   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Our business operations and projects under development in mainland China are funded by
cash inflows from local operations, RMB borrowings, and capital injections from Hong Kong.
We have adopted a systematic approach to mitigate the currency risks and practiced the
strict discipline of not speculating on the movement of the RMB against the HKD. Regular
business reviews assess the level of funding needed for our mainland China projects based
on factors such as regulatory constraints, project development timelines, and the market
environment. Appropriate modifications to our funding plan will be conducted in light of
changing circumstances.


(b) USD Exposure


Our USD foreign exchange exposure is related to the USD500 million fixed-rate bond issued
in 2012, equivalent to HK$3,882 million at the reporting date. The related currency exchange
risk was covered back-to-back by a USD/HKD cross-currency swap contract.


•   Charge of Assets


Assets of Hang Lung Properties were not charged to any third parties as of June 30, 2021.


•   Contingent Liabilities


Hang Lung Properties did not have any material contingent liabilities as of June 30, 2021.


CORPORATE INITIATIVES

The journey beyond Hang Lung Group’s 60th anniversary, celebrated last year, has seen steps
undertaken to inspire sustainable success for the coming six decades. The introduction of a
new expression of our vision, mission, and values places sustainability at the core as a part
of an integrated, long-term approach to embedding sustainability throughout our business
lifecycle, while the updating of our motto, in English, to We Do It Well, emphasizes our
commitment to action in the name of what is right and good. We have also refreshed our
“66” brand with the “Pulse of the City” design concept for all large-scale complexes and
assets across the Mainland and launched new staff uniforms for our front-of-house staff and
supervisors in Hong Kong and on the Mainland, to distill our business development goals into
clear company-wide purpose and a cogent branded customer experience.




                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited   43
Staff wellbeing has always been a central focus and plays a pivotal role in our corporate
success. During the reporting period, we launched our first-ever employee engagement
survey to better understand the needs and aspirations of our people. In support of
community health and safety and the HKSAR Government’s COVID-19 vaccination drive,
we implemented an incentive scheme for our employees, including e-shopping coupons and
paid vaccination leave, to get fully vaccinated by the end of September 2021, with additional
incentives should vaccination among our Hong Kong workforce reach 70% by October 31,
2021.


Our sustainability goals and targets for 2030 continue to be an operational priority with Key
Performance Indicators linked to established ESG standards fully integrated across all our
businesses and linked to employee annual performance reviews. In the coming 18 months,
more than HK$450 million of our spending will be on ESG priorities – HK$200 million more
than what we had previously incurred on ESG priorities over an 18 month period. Our primary
focus of this increased spending will be on carbon emissions reduction through energy
efficiency initiatives and renewable energy applications for our existing and new properties.
In addition, we are committed to investing more in health and wellbeing for employees and
communities and in various initiatives related to resource management.


OUTLOOK

The strong performance of our luxury malls in mainland China is expected to continue. As
more luxury brands will open in the second half at Olympia 66 in Dalian and Heartland 66 in
Wuhan, they will fuel the revenue growth of our luxury malls. Our HOUSE 66 CRM program
and tenant collaboration initiatives are also the driving forces of tenant sales. The success of
our non-conventional office leasing models, HANGOUT and modular office, will continue to
accelerate the pace of leasing at the new office towers.


In Hong Kong, the leasing environment has shown signs of recovery. The decline in global
infection rates and mass vaccination programs around the world have shed some light on
the situation. We can expect a significant recovery when international travel normalizes, and
social distancing rules are relaxed. We believe the electronic Consumption Voucher Scheme
organized by the HKSAR Government will be a catalyst for local spending in the second half
this year. In the meantime, we focus on optimizing our tenant mix, protecting occupancy and
stepping up our engagement with customers to capture local consumption.




44   Hang Lung Properties Limited
On the property sale side, in June 2021, Hang Lung Properties announced the debut of
Hang Lung Residences, a premium serviced residences brand in mainland China with a
planned rollout in Wuhan, Wuxi, Kunming and Shenyang. This new property sales revenue
stream forms part of Hang Lung Properties’ long-term vision for sustainable growth, further
capitalizing our gross floor area and optimizing shareholder value. Pre-sale of Heartland
Residences in Wuhan will begin in the first half of 2022.


In Hong Kong, the three redevelopment projects are progressing well. Depending on the
market condition, we continue to look for opportunities to sell completed residential properties
and recycle capital out of non-core properties.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   45
Other Information

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

We are committed to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance. During
the six months ended June 30, 2021, we adopted corporate governance principles that
emphasize a qualified Board of Directors (the “Board”), sound internal controls, and effective
risk management to enhance transparency and accountability towards our stakeholders.
The general framework of our corporate governance practices is set out in our corporate
governance report in the 2020 annual report, which is available on our website under “Financial
Report” in the “Financial Information” subsection of the “Investor Relations” section.


The Board


The Board currently consists of 10 members: comprising four Executive Directors; one Non-
Executive Director; and five Independent Non-Executive Directors. There is a clear division
of responsibilities between the Chair and the Chief Executive Officer to ensure a balance of
power and authority. The Board continues to review its practices from time to time, constantly
seeking to improve the Group’s corporate governance procedures in accordance with
international best practices. An updated list of Board members identifying their roles and
functions and whether they are Independent Non-Executive Directors is maintained on both
our website and the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (“HKEX”). The
biographical details of Board members are also maintained on our website under “Board of
Directors” in the “Corporate Governance” subsection of the “Investor Relations” section.


Nomination and Remuneration Committee


Our Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which is chaired by an Independent Non-
Executive Director, currently consists of three Independent Non-Executive Directors. The
Committee members meet at least once a year. Its duties include reviewing significant
changes to the salary structure within the Group and the terms and conditions affecting
Executive Board Members and senior management. The Committee members also conduct
regular reviews of the Board’s structure, size and diversity, and make recommendations to
the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and succession planning of Directors of the
Board. The terms of reference of the Committee can be accessed on both our website under
“Nomination & Remuneration Committee” in the “Corporate Governance” subsection of the
“Investor Relations” section, and the website of HKEX.




46   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Audit Committee


Our Audit Committee, which is chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director, currently
consists of four Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Committee members meet at least
four times a year. Meetings are normally attended by external and internal auditors, the Chief
Financial Officer and the Company Secretary for the purposes of, inter alia, discussing the
nature and scope of internal audit work and assessing the Company’s internal controls. The
terms of reference of the Committee, which include duties pertaining to corporate governance
functions and the oversight of risk management, are available on both our website under “Audit
Committee” in the “Corporate Governance” subsection of the “Investor Relations” section,
and the website of HKEX. The Audit Committee has reviewed this interim report, including
the unaudited interim financial report for the six months ended June 30, 2021, and has
recommended their adoption by the Board.


This interim financial report is unaudited but has been reviewed by KPMG, our auditor, in
accordance with the Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim
financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity, issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Independent Auditor’s Review Report is
set out on pages 54 and 55 of this interim report.


Compliance with Corporate Governance Code


During the six months ended June 30, 2021, we complied with the code provisions set out in
the Corporate Governance Code as stated in Appendix 14 of the Rules Governing the Listing
of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
Exchange”).


Compliance with Model Code contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules


We have adopted a code of conduct with regard to securities transactions by Directors of the
Board (the “Code of Conduct”) on terms that are no less exacting than the required standard
set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained
in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”). The Company has made specific
enquiries with all Directors of the Board and confirmed that they have complied with the
required standard set out in the Model Code and the Code of Conduct regarding securities
transactions by Directors of the Board throughout the six months ended June 30, 2021.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   47
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at June 30, 2021, the interests or short positions of each of the Directors of the Board
in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated
corporations (within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which
were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Part XV of
the SFO or pursuant to the Model Code or which were recorded in the register required to be
kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO are as follows:


                                                        The Company                    Hang Lung Group Limited
                                                       (Long Position)                      (Long Position)
                                                                % of     Number                               % of
                                                           Number of    of Shares                       Number of
                                              Number          Issued under Option        Number             Issued
Name                  Capacity               of Shares        Shares       (Note 3)     of Shares           Shares

Ronnie C. Chan        Personal & Other      17,155,000          0.38     15,500,000    22,400,500            1.65
                                                                                           (Note 1)
Adriel Chan           Personal & Other   2,644,956,340         58.79      7,400,000   533,032,080           39.15
                                                (Note 2)                              (Notes 1 & 2)
Weber W.P. Lo         Personal                        –            –     15,750,000              –              –
Nelson W.L. Yuen      Personal               8,000,000          0.18              –              –              –
Dominic C.F. Ho       –                               –            –              –              –              –
Philip N.L. Chen      Personal                        –            –      9,500,000              –              –
Andrew K.C. Chan      –                               –            –              –              –              –
H.K. Chang            –                               –            –              –              –              –
Anita Y.M. Fung       –                               –            –              –              –              –
H.C. Ho               Personal                        –            –     10,700,000              –              –

Notes


1.    Other interests included 10,610,500 shares of Hang Lung Group Limited (“HLG”) held by
      a trust of which Mr. Ronnie C. Chan was a discretionary beneficiary, and Mr. Adriel Chan
      was a settlor and discretionary beneficiary. Accordingly, Mr. Ronnie C. Chan and
      Mr. Adriel Chan were deemed to be interested in such shares under the SFO.




48   Hang Lung Properties Limited
2.   Other interests included 2,644,956,340 shares of the Company and another 522,421,580
     shares of HLG held/deemed to be held by another trust of which Mr. Adriel Chan was a
     discretionary beneficiary. Accordingly, Mr. Adriel Chan was deemed to be interested in
     such shares under the SFO.


3.   Movements of Options under the Share Option Schemes of the Company


     (i)    Share Option Scheme adopted on November 22, 2002

                                                 Number of Shares under Option

                                                               Lapsed               Exercise Price
     Date Granted                                  As at        during        As at     per Share            Vested Dates       Expiry Date
     (mm/dd/yyyy)      Name                  Jan 1, 2021    the Period Jun 30, 2021          (HK$)            (mm/dd/yyyy)     (mm/dd/yyyy)


     06/13/2011        Ronnie C. Chan          4,500,000     4,500,000              –          $30.79     06/13/2013: 10%       06/12/2021
                       Philip N.L. Chen        4,500,000     4,500,000              –                     06/13/2014: 20%
                       H.C. Ho                 3,000,000     3,000,000              –                     06/13/2015: 30%
                                                                                                          06/13/2016: 40%




     (ii)   Share Option Scheme adopted on April 18, 2012

                                                 Number of Shares under Option
                                                        Granted     Exercised              Exercise Price
     Date Granted                            As at        during       during        As at    per Share        Vested Dates     Expiry Date
     (mm/dd/yyyy) Name                 Jan 1, 2021    the Period   the Period Jun 30, 2021          (HK$)       (mm/dd/yyyy)   (mm/dd/yyyy)

     06/04/2013     Ronnie C. Chan        4,500,000           –            –     4,500,000         $28.20 06/04/2015: 10%        06/03/2023
                    Adriel Chan             200,000           –            –       200,000                06/04/2016: 20%
                    Philip N.L. Chen      4,500,000           –            –     4,500,000                06/04/2017: 30%
                    H.C. Ho               3,000,000           –            –     3,000,000                06/04/2018: 40%


     12/05/2014     Ronnie C. Chan        2,750,000           –            –     2,750,000         $22.60 12/05/2016: 10%        12/04/2024
                    Adriel Chan             150,000           –            –       150,000                12/05/2017: 20%
                    Philip N.L. Chen      2,500,000           –            –     2,500,000                12/05/2018: 30%
                    H.C. Ho               1,850,000           –            –     1,850,000                12/05/2019: 40%


     08/10/2017     Ronnie C. Chan        2,750,000           –      825,000     1,925,000         $19.98 08/10/2019: 10%        08/09/2027
                    Adriel Chan           1,850,000           –            –     1,850,000                08/10/2020: 20%
                    Philip N.L. Chen      2,500,000           –            –     2,500,000                08/10/2021: 30%
                    H.C. Ho               1,850,000           –            –     1,850,000                08/10/2022: 40%




                                                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited     49
3.    Movements of Options under the Share Option Schemes of the Company (continued)


      (ii)   Share Option Scheme adopted on April 18, 2012 (continued)

                                              Number of Shares under Option
                                                     Granted     Exercised              Exercise Price
      Date Granted                         As at       during       during        As at    per Share     Vested Dates     Expiry Date
      (mm/dd/yyyy) Name              Jan 1, 2021   the Period   the Period Jun 30, 2021         (HK$)     (mm/dd/yyyy)   (mm/dd/yyyy)

      05/16/2018    Weber W.P. Lo    10,000,000            –            –     10,000,000       $18.98 05/16/2020: 10%     05/15/2028
                                                                                                      05/16/2021: 20%
                                                                                                      05/16/2022: 30%
                                                                                                      05/16/2023: 40%


      06/28/2019    Ronnie C. Chan    3,025,000            –            –      3,025,000       $18.58 06/28/2021: 10%     06/27/2029
                    Adriel Chan       2,200,000            –            –      2,200,000              06/28/2022: 20%
                    Weber W.P. Lo     2,750,000            –            –      2,750,000              06/28/2023: 30%
                    H.C. Ho           1,900,000            –            –      1,900,000              06/28/2024: 40%


      05/12/2021    Ronnie C. Chan            –    3,300,000            –      3,300,000       $19.95 05/12/2023: 10%     05/11/2031
                    Adriel Chan               –    3,000,000            –      3,000,000              05/12/2024: 20%
                    Weber W.P. Lo             –    3,000,000            –      3,000,000              05/12/2025: 30%
                    H.C. Ho                   –    2,100,000            –      2,100,000              05/12/2026: 40%



As at June 30, 2021, save as disclosed above, none of the Directors of the Board had any
interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or
any associated corporations.


Other than as stated above, at no time during the six months ended June 30, 2021 was
the Company, its holding company or any of their respective subsidiaries a party to any
arrangement to enable the Directors of the Board to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.




50   Hang Lung Properties Limited
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at June 30, 2021, details of substantial shareholders’ and other persons’ (who are required
to disclose their interests pursuant to Part XV of the SFO) interests and short positions in the
shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept
under section 336 of the SFO are as follows:


                                                     Number of Shares or         % of Number of
                                                  Underlying Shares Held           Issued Shares
Name                                      Note             (Long Position)         (Long Position)


Chan Tan Ching Fen                         1                2,644,956,340                      58.79
Cole Enterprises Holdings (PTC) Limited    1                2,644,956,340                      58.79
Merssion Limited                           1                2,644,956,340                      58.79
Adriel Chan                                1                2,644,956,340                      58.79
Hang Lung Group Limited                    2                2,616,623,240                      58.16
Prosperland Housing Limited                3                1,267,608,690                      30.60
Purotat Limited                            3                  354,227,500                        8.55


Notes

1.   These shares were the same parcel of shares held by controlled corporations of Merssion
     Limited which was held under a trust. As Ms. Chan Tan Ching Fen was the founder,
     Cole Enterprises Holdings (PTC) Limited was the trustee and Mr. Adriel Chan was a
     discretionary beneficiary of the trust, they were deemed to be interested in such shares
     under the SFO.

     The controlled corporations included HLG in which Merssion Limited had 38.37%
     interests. Accordingly, the 2,616,623,240 shares held by HLG through its subsidiaries
     were included in the 2,644,956,340 shares.

2.   These shares were held by the wholly-owned subsidiaries of HLG.

3.   These companies were wholly-owned subsidiaries of HLG. Their interests were included
     in the 2,616,623,240 shares held by HLG.

Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2021, no other interests or short positions in the
shares or underlying shares of the Company required to be recorded in the register kept
under section 336 of the SFO has been notified to the Company.


                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   51
CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS PURSUANT TO LISTING RULES

The changes in the information of the Directors of the Board are set out below:


Mr. Nelson W.L. Yuen
– appointed as Chair of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company. His
    director’s fee which is subject to review by the Board from time to time pursuant to the
    power given to it by the shareholders of the Company would be adjusted accordingly.


Ms. Anita Y.M. Fung
– retired as an independent non-executive director of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
    Limited
– retired as an independent non-executive director of China Construction Bank Corporation


Mr. Adriel Chan
– appointed as a director of China Institute for Knowledge, a member organization of Our
    Hong Kong Foundation


Mr. Weber W.P. Lo
– ceased to be a director of The Real Estate Developers Association of Hong Kong


Mr. H.C. Ho
– acted as the Company Secretary of the Company from May 1, 2021 to June 15, 2021


Save as disclosed above, there is no other information to be disclosed pursuant to rule
13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

HLP Finance Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, fully redeemed the US$500
million 4.45% guaranteed notes due 2021 (stock code: 5726) at principal amount upon
maturity on April 16, 2021.


Saved as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold
or redeemed any of its listed securities during the six months ended June 30, 2021.




52   Hang Lung Properties Limited
EMPLOYEES

As at June 30, 2021, the number of employees was 4,219 (comprising 1,060 Hong Kong
employees and 3,159 mainland China employees). The total employee costs for the six
months ended June 30, 2021, amounted to HK$883 million. We provide competitive
remuneration packages for all employees including discretionary bonuses payable based
on individual performance. We regularly review remuneration packages to ensure that they
comply with relevant regulatory requirements and market conditions. The Company has share
option schemes and provides professional and high-quality trainings for employees.




                                                                  Hang Lung Properties Limited   53
Independent Auditor’s Review Report




Review report to the Board of Directors of Hang Lung Properties Limited
(Incorporated in the Hong Kong with limited liability)


INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the interim financial report set out on pages 57 to 82 which comprises the
consolidated statement of financial position of Hang Lung Properties Limited (“the Company”)
as at June 30, 2021 and the related consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of
changes in equity and condensed consolidated cash flow statement for the six month
period then ended and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of an interim financial
report to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting
Standard 34, Interim financial reporting, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the interim
financial report in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34.


Our responsibility is to form a conclusion, based on our review, on the interim financial report
and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of
engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements
2410, Review of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the
entity, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A review of the
interim financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong
Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we
would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly,
we do not express an audit opinion.




54   Hang Lung Properties Limited
CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that
the interim financial report as at June 30, 2021 is not prepared, in all material respects, in
accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34, Interim financial reporting.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong


July 29, 2021




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   55
Financial Statements




                        57          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                        58          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                      AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                        59          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                        61          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                        63          CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                        64          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        64          1. BASIS OF PREPARATION
                        66          2. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
                        68          3. OTHER NET INCOME
                        69          4. NET INTEREST EXPENSE
                        69          5. PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAXATION
                        70          6. TAXATION IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                    	  PROFIT OR LOSS
                        71          7. DIVIDENDS
                        71          8. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE
                        73          9. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND INVESTMENT
                                    	  PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT
                        73          10. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                        74          11. ASSETS HELD FOR SALE
                        75          12. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                        75          13. SHARE CAPITAL
                        76          14. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
                        79          15. RESERVES
                        80          16. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                        82          17. COMMITMENTS
                        82          18. REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT




56   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
For the six months ended June 30, 2021 (Unaudited)


                                                                                  For information purpose only
                                                           2021          2020             2021             2020
                                             Note    HK$ Million    HK$ Million   RMB Million      RMB Million
Revenue                                       2(a)        4,975          4,184           4,146            3,791
Direct costs and operating expenses                       (1,345)       (1,143)          (1,121)         (1,036)
                                                          3,630          3,041           3,025            2,755
Other net income                               3             31             25               26              23
Administrative expenses                                     (273)         (292)            (228)           (265)
Profit from operations before changes
  in fair value of properties                             3,388          2,774           2,823            2,513
Net increase/(decrease) in fair value of
  properties                                 2(b)           618         (4,642)             511          (4,245)
Profit/(loss) from operations after
  changes in fair value of properties                     4,006         (1,868)          3,334           (1,732)
Interest income                                              44             31               37              28
Finance costs                                               (226)          (53)            (188)             (48)
Net interest expense                           4            (182)          (22)            (151)             (20)
Share of losses of joint ventures                              –           (38)                –             (35)
Profit/(loss) before taxation                  5          3,824         (1,928)          3,183           (1,787)
Taxation                                       6          (1,053)         (415)            (875)           (375)
Profit/(loss) for the period                 2(b)         2,771         (2,343)          2,308           (2,162)
Attributable to:
  Shareholders                                            2,235         (2,537)          1,862           (2,336)
  Non-controlling interests                                 536            194              446             174
Profit/(loss) for the period                              2,771         (2,343)          2,308           (2,162)
Earnings/(loss) per share                     8(a)
  Basic                                                HK$0.50       (HK$0.56)       RMB0.41         (RMB0.52)
  Diluted                                              HK$0.50       (HK$0.56)       RMB0.41         (RMB0.52)




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

                                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited     57
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
For the six months ended June 30, 2021 (Unaudited)



                                                                                     For information purpose only

                                                              2021          2020            2021           2020

                                                        HK$ Million    HK$ Million   RMB Million     RMB Million
Profit/(loss) for the period                                 2,771         (2,343)          2,308         (2,162)
Other comprehensive income

Items that are or may be reclassified
   subsequently to profit or loss:
     Movement in exchange reserve:

   Exchange difference arising from translation
   to presentation currency                                  1,219         (1,897)           (292)          853
   Net investment hedge – net (loss)/gain                       (10)           20              (9)           18
     Movement in hedging reserve:

   Effective portion of changes in fair value                    7            (44)              6            (40)
   Net amount transferred to profit or loss                      7             46               6            42
  Deferred tax                                                   (1)            3              (1)             3
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:

     Net change in fair value of equity investments              1              –               1              –
Other comprehensive income for the period,
  net of tax                                                 1,223         (1,872)           (289)          876
Total comprehensive income for the period                    3,994         (4,215)          2,019         (1,286)
Attributable to:

     Shareholders                                            3,341         (4,228)          1,570         (1,459)
     Non-controlling interests                                 653             13            449            173
Total comprehensive income for the period                    3,994         (4,215)          2,019         (1,286)




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

58    Hang Lung Properties Limited
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At June 30, 2021


                                               (Unaudited)     (Audited)   For information purpose only
                                                  June 30, December 31,       June 30, December 31,
                                                     2021         2020             2021            2020
                                        Note   HK$ Million   HK$ Million   RMB Million      RMB Million
Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment
  Investment properties                  9        174,248      164,322         145,022          138,157
   Investment properties under
   development                           9         20,816        27,544          17,321          23,181
   Other property, plant
   and equipment                                      252           253             210              213
                                                  195,316      192,119         162,553          161,551
  Interest in joint ventures                         1,142        1,161             951              974
  Other assets                                         78            77               65              65
  Deferred tax assets                                  83            84               69              70
                                                  196,619      193,441         163,638          162,660
Current assets
  Cash and deposits with banks                       4,206        6,319           3,501            5,307
  Trade and other receivables           10           3,070        3,499           2,555            2,942
  Properties for sale                              11,230         7,988           9,348            6,713
  Assets held for sale                  11               2           69                2              58
                                                   18,508        17,875          15,406          15,020
Current liabilities
  Bank loans and other borrowings                    8,594        7,464           7,155            6,269
  Trade and other payables              12           9,804       10,978           8,159            9,233
  Lease liabilities                                    26            26               22              22
  Current tax payable                                 444           606             370              510
                                                   18,868        19,074          15,706          16,034
Net current liabilities                               360         1,199             300            1,014
Total assets less current liabilities             196,259      192,242         163,338          161,646




                                                                            Hang Lung Properties Limited   59
                                              (Unaudited)     (Audited)   For information purpose only
                                                 June 30, December 31,       June 30, December 31,
                                                    2021         2020            2021          2020
                                       Note   HK$ Million   HK$ Million   RMB Million    RMB Million
Non-current liabilities
     Bank loans and other borrowings              32,476        30,453         27,035        25,582
     Lease liabilities                               300           302            250            254
     Deferred tax liabilities                     13,899        13,299         11,565        11,192
                                                  46,675        44,054         38,850        37,028
NET ASSETS                                       149,584      148,188         124,488       124,618
Capital and reserves
     Share capital                     13         39,946        39,916         37,459        37,434
     Reserves                                     99,092        98,379         78,254        78,858
Shareholders’ equity                             139,038      138,295         115,713       116,292
Non-controlling interests                         10,546         9,893           8,775         8,326
TOTAL EQUITY                                     149,584      148,188         124,488       124,618




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

60    Hang Lung Properties Limited
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the six months ended June 30, 2021 (Unaudited)


HK$ Million                                          Shareholders’ equity
                                                                                                 Non-
                                        Share           Other     Retained                 controlling         Total
                                       capital       reserves       profits       Total      interests        equity
                                      (Note 13)      (Note 15)    (Note 15)
At January 1, 2021                      39,916          2,581       95,798      138,295         9,893       148,188
Profit for the period                        –               –       2,235        2,235           536          2,771
Exchange difference arising from
  translation to presentation
  currency                                   –          1,102               –     1,102           117          1,219
Net investment hedge – net loss              –             (10)             –       (10)             –           (10)
Cash flow hedges: net movement
  in hedging reserve                         –             13               –       13               –               13
Net change in fair value of equity
  investments                                –               1              –         1              –                1
Total comprehensive income for
  the period                                 –          1,106        2,235        3,341           653          3,994
Final dividend in respect of
   previous year                             –               –       (2,653)     (2,653)             –        (2,653)
Issue of shares                             30              (4)             –       26               –               26
Employee share-based payments                –           (161)         190          29               –               29
At June 30, 2021                        39,946          3,522       95,570      139,038        10,546       149,584

At January 1, 2020                      39,915          (2,844)    101,598      138,669         9,143       147,812
Loss for the period                          –               –       (2,537)     (2,537)          194         (2,343)
Exchange difference arising from
  translation to presentation
  currency                                   –          (1,716)             –    (1,716)         (181)        (1,897)
Net investment hedge – net gain              –             20               –       20               –               20
Cash flow hedges: net movement
  in hedging reserve                         –               5              –         5              –                5
Total comprehensive income for
  the period                                 –          (1,691)      (2,537)     (4,228)           13         (4,215)
Final dividend in respect of
   previous year                             –               –       (2,653)     (2,653)             –        (2,653)
Employee share-based payments                –             (81)        113          32               –               32
At June 30, 2020                        39,915          (4,616)     96,521      131,820         9,156       140,976




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

                                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited        61
For information purpose only


RMB Million                                    Shareholders’ equity
                                                                                           Non-
                                      Share       Other     Retained                 controlling      Total
                                     capital   reserves       profits       Total      interests     equity
At January 1, 2021                   37,434       (1,124)     79,982      116,292         8,326     124,618
Profit for the period                     –            –       1,862        1,862           446       2,308
Exchange difference arising from
  translation to presentation
  currency                                –        (295)              –      (295)            3        (292)
Net investment hedge – net loss           –           (9)             –        (9)            –          (9)
Cash flow hedges: net movement
  in hedging reserve                      –          11               –       11              –         11
Net change in fair value of equity
  investments                             –            1              –         1             –           1
Total comprehensive income for
  the period                              –        (292)       1,862        1,570           449       2,019
Final dividend in respect of
   previous year                          –            –       (2,195)     (2,195)            –      (2,195)
Issue of shares                          25           (3)             –       22              –         22
Employee share-based payments             –        (133)         157          24              –         24
At June 30, 2021                     37,459       (1,552)     79,806      115,713         8,775     124,488

At January 1, 2020                   37,433       1,596       85,224      124,253         8,190     132,443
Loss for the period                       –            –       (2,336)     (2,336)          174      (2,162)
Exchange difference arising from
  translation to presentation
  currency                                –         854               –      854              (1)      853
Net investment hedge – net gain           –          18               –       18              –         18
Cash flow hedges: net movement
  in hedging reserve                      –            5              –         5             –           5
Total comprehensive income for
  the period                              –         877        (2,336)     (1,459)          173      (1,286)
Final dividend in respect of
   previous year                          –            –       (2,440)     (2,440)            –      (2,440)
Employee share-based payments             –          (75)        104          29              –         29
At June 30, 2020                     37,433       2,398       80,552      120,383         8,363     128,746




62   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
For the six months ended June 30, 2021 (Unaudited)


                                                                                  For information purpose only
                                                           2021          2020             2021            2020
                                                     HK$ Million    HK$ Million   RMB Million      RMB Million
Operating activities
  Operating cash flow before changes
   in working capital                                     3,451          2,833           2,875            2,567
  Increase in properties for sale                         (2,674)          (63)         (2,230)              (58)
  Other changes in working capital                           65           (400)              49            (356)
  Income tax paid                                           (767)         (807)            (639)           (732)
Net cash generated from
 operating activities                                        75          1,563               55           1,421
Investing activities
  Payment for property, plant and equipment               (1,978)       (1,516)         (1,660)          (1,344)
  Decrease in bank deposits with maturity
   greater than 3 months                                     12              –               10                   –
 Other cash flows arising from
  investing activities                                      143             37             120               32
Net cash used in investing activities                     (1,823)       (1,479)         (1,530)          (1,312)
Financing activities

  Proceeds from new bank loans
   and other borrowings                                  12,592         10,693          10,493            9,699
  Repayment of bank loans
   and other borrowings                                   (9,613)       (7,523)         (8,010)          (6,824)
  Interest and other borrowing costs paid                   (726)         (685)            (603)           (620)
  Dividend paid                                           (2,653)       (2,653)         (2,195)          (2,440)
 Other cash flows arising from/(used in)
  financing activities                                       13            (11)              11              (10)
Net cash used in financing activities                       (387)         (179)            (304)           (195)
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                     (2,135)          (95)         (1,779)              (86)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                      24            (21)             (16)                  4
Cash and cash equivalents at January 1                    5,034          1,373           4,228            1,230
Cash and cash equivalents at June 30                      2,923          1,257           2,433            1,148
Analysis of the balance of cash and
  cash equivalents
Cash and deposits with banks                              4,206          3,190           3,501            2,913
Less: Bank deposits with maturity greater
   than 3 months                                          (1,283)       (1,933)         (1,068)          (1,765)
Cash and cash equivalents at June 30                      2,923          1,257           2,433            1,148


The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

                                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited       63
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

1. BASIS OF PREPARATION

      The unaudited interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with Hong
      Kong Accounting Standard (HKAS) 34, Interim Financial Reporting, issued by the Hong
      Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA) and the applicable disclosure
      provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
      Hong Kong Limited.


      The preparation of interim financial report in conformity with HKAS 34 requires
      management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application
      of policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses on a year-to-
      date basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


      The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG in accordance
      with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial
      information performed by the independent auditor of the entity, issued by the HKICPA.
      KPMG’s independent review report to the Board of Directors is included on pages 54 to
      55.


      The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting
      Standards (HKFRSs) that are first effective for the current accounting period of the
      Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”). These developments have no
      material effect on how the Group’s results and financial position for the current or prior
      periods have been prepared or presented in this interim financial report. The Group has
      not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current
      accounting period.


      The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the same accounting
      policies adopted in the 2020 annual financial statements.




64   Hang Lung Properties Limited
1. BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

   The presentation currency of these consolidated financial statements is Hong Kong dollar.
   In view of the Group’s significant business operations in mainland China, management
   has included additional financial information prepared in Renminbi in the consolidated
   financial statements. Such supplementary information is prepared on the same basis as
   2020 as if the presentation currency is Renminbi.


   The financial information relating to the financial year ended December 31, 2020
   included in the interim financial report as comparative information does not constitute the
   Company’s statutory annual consolidated financial statements for that financial year but
   is derived from those financial statements. Further information relating to these statutory
   financial statements disclosed in accordance with section 436 of the Hong Kong
   Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) is as follows:


   The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended December 31,
   2020 to the Registrar of Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of
   Schedule 6 to, the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


   The Company’s auditor has reported on those financial statements. The auditor’s
   report was unqualified; did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditor
   drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying its report; and did not contain
   a statement under sections 406(2), 407(2) or 407(3) of the Hong Kong Companies
   Ordinance.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   65
2. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

      The Group manages businesses according to the nature of services and products
      provided. Management has determined property leasing and property sales to be the
      reportable operating segments for the measurement of performance and the allocation of
      resources.


      Segment assets principally comprise all non-current assets and current assets directly
      attributable to each segment with the exception of interest in joint ventures, other assets,
      deferred tax assets and cash and deposits with banks.


      (a) Disaggregation of revenue


            Revenue for the six months ended June 30, 2021 is analyzed as follows:

            HK$ Million                                                  2021              2020
            Under the scope of HKFRS 16, Leases:
            Rental income                                               4,462             3,751
            Under the scope of HKFRS 15, Revenue
              from contracts with customers:
            Building management fees and
              other income from property leasing                          513               433
                                                                        4,975             4,184




66   Hang Lung Properties Limited
2. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

  (b) Revenue and results by segments

      HK$ Million                               2021                               2020
                                   Property    Property                Property    Property
                                    Leasing       Sales       Total     Leasing       Sales          Total
      Revenue
        – Mainland China              3,295            –     3,295       2,277             –        2,277
        – Hong Kong                   1,680            –     1,680       1,907             –        1,907
                                      4,975            –     4,975       4,184             –        4,184
      Profit from operations
        before changes in
        fair value of properties
        – Mainland China              2,116            (9)   2,107       1,359            (2)       1,357
        – Hong Kong                   1,294         (13)     1,281       1,419            (2)       1,417
                                      3,410         (22)     3,388       2,778            (4)       2,774
      Net increase/(decrease)
        in fair value of
        properties                     618             –       618      (4,642)            –       (4,642)
        – Mainland China              1,355            –     1,355      (2,307)            –       (2,307)
        – Hong Kong                    (737)           –      (737)     (2,335)            –       (2,335)
      Net interest expense             (182)           –      (182)         (22)           –           (22)
        – Interest income               44             –        44          31             –               31
        – Finance costs                (226)           –      (226)         (53)           –           (53)
      Share of losses of
        joint ventures                    –            –          –         (38)           –           (38)
      Profit/(loss) before
        taxation                      3,846         (22)     3,824      (1,924)           (4)      (1,928)
      Taxation                       (1,055)           2     (1,053)      (415)            –          (415)
      Profit/(loss) for
        the period                    2,791         (20)     2,771      (2,339)           (4)      (2,343)
      Net profit/(loss)
        attributable to
        shareholders                  2,255         (20)     2,235      (2,533)           (4)      (2,537)




                                                                            Hang Lung Properties Limited        67
2. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

      (c) Total segment assets

            HK$ Million                         June 30, 2021                  December 31, 2020
                                         Property   Property              Property    Property
                                          Leasing      Sales      Total    Leasing       Sales       Total
            Mainland China               136,946       4,112    141,058   133,028       3,735    136,763
            Hong Kong                      61,440      7,120     68,560    62,589       4,323      66,912
                                         198,386      11,232    209,618   195,617       8,058    203,675
            Interest in joint ventures                            1,142                             1,161
            Other assets                                            78                                 77
            Deferred tax assets                                     83                                 84
            Cash and deposits
              with banks                                          4,206                             6,319
                                                                215,127                          211,316


3. OTHER NET INCOME

      HK$ Million                                                              2021                2020
      Government grants                                                          29                  21
      Ineffectiveness on cash flow hedges                                         –                   1
      Others                                                                      2                   3
                                                                                 31                  25




68   Hang Lung Properties Limited
4. NET INTEREST EXPENSE

  HK$ Million                                                                         2021                   2020
  Interest income on bank deposits                                                      44                       31
  Interest expense on bank loans and other borrowings                                  726                     687
  Interest on lease liabilities                                                          8                        8
  Other borrowing costs                                                                 29                       24
  Total borrowing costs                                                                763                     719
  Less: Borrowing costs capitalized                                                   (537)                   (666)
  Finance costs                                                                        226                       53
  Net interest expense                                                                (182)                     (22)


5. PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAXATION

  HK$ Million                                                                         2021                   2020
  Profit/(loss) before taxation is arrived at after charging:
    Staff costs (Note)                                                                 737                    670
    Depreciation                                                                        33                     28

  Note: The staff costs included employee share-based payments of HK$29 million (2020: HK$32 million). If the
        amounts not recognized in the statement of profit or loss, including amounts capitalized, were accounted for,
        staff costs would have been HK$883 million (2020: HK$807 million).




                                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   69
6. TAXATION IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS

      Provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% (2020: 16.5%) of the
      estimated assessable profits for the period. Mainland China Income Tax represents
      mainland China Corporate Income Tax calculated at 25% (2020: 25%) and mainland
      China withholding income tax calculated at the applicable rates. The withholding tax rate
      applicable to Hong Kong companies in respect of dividend distributions from foreign
      investment enterprises in mainland China was 5% (2020: 5%).

      HK$ Million                                                      2021             2020
      Current tax
        Hong Kong Profits Tax                                           151              170
        Mainland China Income Tax                                       449              306
        Total current tax                                               600              476
      Deferred tax
        Changes in fair value of properties                             339              (153)
        Other origination and reversal of
        temporary differences                                           114                92
        Total deferred tax                                              453               (61)
      Total income tax expense                                        1,053              415




70   Hang Lung Properties Limited
7. DIVIDENDS

  (a) Interim dividend

      HK$ Million                                                   2021                    2020
      Proposed after the end of the reporting period:
        HK18 cents (2020: HK17 cents) per share                       810                    765


      The dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognized
      as a liability at the end of the reporting period.


  (b) Final dividend approved and paid during the six months ended June 30, 2021

      HK$ Million                                                   2021                    2020
      2020 final dividend of HK59 cents
        (2019: HK59 cents) per share                               2,653                   2,653


8. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE

  (a) The calculation of basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share is based on the
      following data:

      HK$ Million                                                  2021                     2020
      Net profit/(loss) attributable to shareholders               2,235                  (2,537)


                                                                 Number of shares
                                                                   2021           2020
      Weighted average number of shares used
         in calculating basic earnings/(loss) per share     4,498,255,129      4,497,718,670
      Effect of dilutive potential ordinary
         shares – share options                                5,023,613                           –
      Weighted average number of shares used
         in calculating diluted earnings/(loss) per share   4,503,278,742      4,497,718,670




                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited       71
8. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE (Continued)

      (b) The underlying net profit attributable to shareholders, which excluded changes in
          fair value of properties net of related income tax and non-controlling interests, is
          calculated as follows:

            HK$ Million                                               2021              2020
            Net profit/(loss) attributable to shareholders            2,235           (2,537)
            Effect of changes in fair value of properties              (618)           4,642
            Effect of corresponding income tax                          339              (153)
            Effect of changes in fair value of investment
               properties of joint ventures                              19                60
                                                                       (260)           4,549
            Non-controlling interests                                   225               (23)
                                                                        (35)           4,526
            Underlying net profit attributable to shareholders        2,200            1,989


            The earnings per share based on underlying net profit attributable to shareholders
            were:

                                                                    2021              2020
            Basic                                                 HK$0.49           HK$0.44
            Diluted                                               HK$0.49           HK$0.44




72   Hang Lung Properties Limited
9. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES UNDER
   DEVELOPMENT

  (a) Additions


      During the six months ended June 30, 2021, additions to investment properties and
      investment properties under development amounted to HK$1,116 million (2020:
      HK$1,327 million).


  (b) Valuation


      The investment properties and investment properties under development of the
      Group were revalued as of June 30, 2021 by Mr. Charles C.K. Chan, Registered
      Professional Surveyor (General Practice), of Savills Valuation and Professional
      Services Limited, on a market value basis.


10. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

  (a) Included in trade and other receivables are trade receivables (based on the due date)
      with the following aging analysis:

      HK$ Million                                              June 30,      December 31,
                                                                  2021              2020
      Not past due or less than 1 month past due                    83               115
      1 – 3 months past due                                          8                25
      More than 3 months past due                                    6                11
                                                                    97               151




                                                                  Hang Lung Properties Limited   73
10. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

      (b) The Group maintains a defined credit policy including stringent credit evaluation on
          and payment of a rental deposit from tenants. In addition to the payment of rental
          deposits, tenants are required to pay monthly rents in respect of leased properties in
          advance. Receivables are regularly reviewed and closely monitored to minimize any
          associated credit risk.


            Provision for expected credit losses was assessed and adequately made on a
            tenant-by-tenant basis, based on the historical default experience and forward-
            looking information that may impact the tenants’ ability to repay the outstanding
            balances.


      (c) Included in “other receivables” of the Group is a deposit of land acquisition in
          mainland China of HK$300 million (December 31, 2020: HK$297 million).


11. ASSETS HELD FOR SALE

      On June 17, 2021, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an
      independent third party to dispose of a car parking space at AquaMarine in Hong Kong.
      Accordingly, the asset is presented as “assets held for sale”. The transaction is scheduled
      to be completed in August 2021.


      The balance at December 31, 2020 represented 44 car parking spaces at AquaMarine
      and The Long Beach in Hong Kong which were disposed of in the first half of 2021.




74   Hang Lung Properties Limited
12. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

   (a) Included in trade and other payables are trade creditors with the following aging
       analysis:

        HK$ Million                                                     June 30,      December 31,
                                                                           2021              2020
        Due within 3 months                                                1,677            4,339
        Due after 3 months                                                 3,499            2,021
                                                                           5,176            6,360


   (b) Included in trade and other payables is an amount of HK$601 million (December
       31, 2020: HK$601 million) due to a fellow subsidiary, which is the joint developer
        of a project in which the Group and the fellow subsidiary hold respective interests
        of 66.67% and 33.33%. The amount represents the contribution by the fellow
        subsidiary in proportion to its interest to finance the project, and is unsecured, non-
        interest bearing and has no fixed terms of repayment.


13. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                     2021                             2020
                                             Number of   Amount of          Number of        Amount of
                                                shares share capital           shares      share capital
                                                Million   HK$ Million            Million     HK$ Million
   Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
   At January 1                                  4,498        39,916             4,498            39,915
   Shares issued under share option
     scheme                                          1            30                  –                   1
   At June 30/December 31                        4,499        39,946             4,498            39,916




                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited       75
14. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES

      The share option scheme adopted by the Company on November 22, 2002 (the “2002
      Share Option Scheme”) was terminated upon the adoption of a new share option scheme
      on April 18, 2012 (the “2012 Share Option Scheme”). No further options shall be offered
      under the 2002 Share Option Scheme, but in all other respects the provisions of the
      2002 Share Option Scheme shall remain in full force and effect and all options granted
      prior to such termination and not exercised at the date of termination shall remain valid.
      The share options granted under the above two share option schemes to the directors
      and employees are at nominal consideration and each share option gives the holder the
      right to subscribe for one share of the Company.


      The movements of share options of the Company during the six months ended June 30,
      2021 were as follows:


      (a) 2002 Share Option Scheme

                                                 Number of share options                  Period during    Exercise
                                    Outstanding on        Forfeited/ Outstanding on       which options       price
            Date granted            January 1, 2021         Lapsed     June 30, 2021     are exercisable     (HK$)
            June 13, 2011               17,620,000      (17,620,000)              –    June 13, 2013 to      30.79
                                                                                         June 12, 2021



            All the above options may vest after two to five years of the grant date and are
            exercisable up to the tenth anniversary of the date of grant, after which they will
            lapse. No options were exercised or cancelled during the six months ended June 30,
            2021.


            During the six months ended June 30, 2021, 600,000 options (2020: Nil) were
            forfeited upon cessations of a grantee’s employment and 17,020,000 options (2020:
            13,380,000 options) lapsed due to the expiry of the period for exercising the options.




76   Hang Lung Properties Limited
14. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (Continued)

   (b) 2012 Share Option Scheme

                                                  Number of share options                                 Period during Exercise
                         Outstanding on                                Forfeited/ Outstanding on         which options      price
      Date granted       January 1, 2021      Granted    Exercised       Lapsed     June 30, 2021       are exercisable   (HK$)
      June 4, 2013          24,220,000              –            –     (680,000)      23,540,000       June 4, 2015 to    28.20
                                                                                                          June 3, 2023

      December 5, 2014      20,820,000              –            –     (600,000)      20,220,000    December 5, 2016 to   22.60
                                                                                                    December 4, 2024

      August 10, 2017       32,931,000              –   (1,291,000)    (770,000)      30,870,000    August 10, 2019 to    19.98
                                                                                                        August 9, 2027

      May 16, 2018          10,000,000              –            –             –      10,000,000       May 16, 2020 to    18.98
                                                                                                         May 15, 2028

      June 28, 2019         48,819,000              –      (11,000)   (2,239,000)     46,569,000      June 28, 2021 to    18.58
                                                                                                         June 27, 2029

      May 12, 2021                    –    65,505,000            –     (710,000)      64,795,000       May 12, 2023 to    19.95
                                                                                                         May 11, 2031
      Total                136,790,000     65,505,000   (1,302,000)   (4,999,000)    195,994,000



      All the above options may vest after two to five years of the grant date and are
      exercisable up to the tenth anniversary of the date of grant, after which they will
      lapse. No options were cancelled during the six months ended June 30, 2021.


      In respect of options granted during the six months ended June 30, 2021, the
      closing share price immediately before the date of grant was HK$19.48.


      The weighted average closing share prices immediately before the dates of exercise
      by the director and employees during the six months ended June 30, 2021 were
      HK$19.46 and HK$21.34 respectively.


      The weighted average closing share price at the dates of exercise for share options
      exercised during the six months ended June 30, 2021 was HK$20.46.




                                                                                             Hang Lung Properties Limited      77
14. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (Continued)

      (b) 2012 Share Option Scheme (Continued)


            During the six months ended June 30, 2021, 4,999,000 options (2020: 4,202,000
            options) were forfeited upon cessations of the grantees’ employments.


            The fair value of share options granted was estimated at the date of grant using the
            Black-Scholes pricing model taking into account the terms and conditions upon
            which the options were granted. In respect of the share options granted during
            the six months ended June 30, 2021, the fair value, terms and conditions, and
            assumptions are as follows:

            Fair value at grant date                                                      HK$2.66
            Share price at grant date                                                    HK$19.60
            Exercise price                                                               HK$19.95
            Risk-free interest rate                                                         0.73%
            Expected life (in years)                                                            6
            Expected volatility                                                            25.34%
            Expected dividends per share                                                  HK$0.76

            The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility and the expected dividends
            per share are based on historical dividends. Changes in the above assumptions
            could materially affect the fair value estimate.




78   Hang Lung Properties Limited
15. RESERVES

  HK$ Million                                               Other reserves
                                                                               Employee
                                                              Investment     share-based
                                    Exchange     Hedging      revaluation compensation                Retained         Total
                                     reserve     reserve         reserve         reserve     Total      profits    reserves
  At January 1, 2021                   1,941         (67)             77            630     2,581       95,798       98,379
  Profit for the period                     –          –               –               –         –       2,235        2,235
  Exchange difference arising
    from translation to
    presentation currency              1,102           –               –               –    1,102            –        1,102
  Net investment hedge – net loss         (10)         –               –               –       (10)          –             (10)
  Cash flow hedges: net movement
    in hedging reserve                      –         13               –               –       13            –             13
  Net change in fair value of
    equity investments                      –          –               1               –         1           –              1
  Total comprehensive income
    for the period                     1,092          13               1               –    1,106        2,235        3,341
  Final dividend in respect of
    previous year                           –          –               –               –         –      (2,653)       (2,653)
  Issue of shares                           –          –               –              (4)       (4)          –              (4)
  Employee share-based payments             –          –               –            (161)    (161)         190             29
  At June 30, 2021                     3,033         (54)             78            465     3,522       95,570       99,092


  At January 1, 2020                   (3,688)        (7)             87            764     (2,844)    101,598       98,754
  Loss for the period                       –          –               –               –         –      (2,537)       (2,537)
  Exchange difference arising
    from translation to
    presentation currency              (1,716)         –               –               –    (1,716)          –        (1,716)
  Net investment hedge – net gain         20           –               –               –       20            –             20
  Cash flow hedges: net movement
    in hedging reserve                      –          5               –               –         5           –               5
  Total comprehensive income
    for the period                     (1,696)         5               –               –    (1,691)     (2,537)       (4,228)
  Final dividend in respect of
    previous year                           –          –               –               –         –      (2,653)       (2,653)
  Employee share-based payments             –          –               –             (81)      (81)        113             32
  At June 30, 2020                     (5,384)        (2)             87            683     (4,616)     96,521       91,905




                                                                                            Hang Lung Properties Limited         79
16. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      The fair value of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at the end of the
      reporting period on a recurring basis, categorized into the three-level fair value hierarchy
      as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value
      measurement is classified and determined with reference to the observability and
      significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique is as follows:


      •     Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted
            quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement
            date


      •     Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable
            inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs.
            Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available.


      •     Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs


      (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value


            (i)   The level of fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurements are
                  categorized and analyzed below:

                  HK$ Million                            Fair value
                                                                                          Fair value
                                                    June 30,        December 31,     measurements
                                                        2021               2020     categorized into
                  Financial assets
                  Trade and other receivables
                    Cross currency swaps
                     (cash flow hedges)                     3                  2            Level 2
                  Other assets
                   Investment in equity
                    instruments                            78                77             Level 3
                  Financial liabilities
                  Trade and other payables
                    Cross currency swaps
                     (cash flow hedges)                     –                 (1)           Level 2
                    Interest rate swaps
                     (cash flow hedges)                   (50)               (59)           Level 2




80   Hang Lung Properties Limited
16. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

  (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)


             The fair value of the cross currency swaps and interest rate swaps is determined
             based on the amount that the Group would receive or pay to terminate the
             swaps at the end of the reporting period taking into account current interest
             rates and current creditworthiness of the swap counter-parties.


             The fair value of non-publicly traded equity investments is determined by
             reference to the net asset value of these investments.


      (ii)   Transfers of instruments between the three-level fair value hierarchy


             During the six months ended June 30, 2021, there were no transfers of
             instruments between Level 1 and Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3 (2020:
             Nil). The Group’s policy is to recognize transfers between levels of fair value
             hierarchy as of the end of the reporting period in which they occur.


  (b) Fair value of financial instruments carried at other than fair value


      The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or
      amortized cost were not materially different from their fair values as of December 31,
      2020 and June 30, 2021.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   81
17. COMMITMENTS

      At the end of the reporting period, capital commitments not provided for in the interim
      financial report were as follows:

      HK$ Million                                                  June 30,    December 31,
                                                                      2021            2020
      Contracted for                                                  4,004          4,304
      Authorized but not contracted for                              14,988         15,045
                                                                     18,992         19,349


      The above commitments include mainly the construction related costs to be incurred in
      respect of the Group’s development of investment properties in various cities in mainland
      China.


18. REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT

      The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by the Audit Committee.
      It was authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on July 29, 2021.




82   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Glossary

FINANCIAL TERMS

Finance costs:                   Total of interest expense on total borrowings and other
                                 borrowing costs, net of amount capitalized


Total borrowings:                Total of bank loans & other borrowings, net of unamortized
                                 other borrowing costs


Net debt:                        Total borrowings net of cash and deposits with banks


Net profit/(loss) attributable   Profit/(loss) for the period (after tax) less amounts attributable
 to shareholders:                to non-controlling interests


Underlying net profit            Net profit/(loss) attributable to shareholders excluding
 attributable to                 changes in fair value of properties net of related income tax
 shareholders:                   and non-controlling interests



FINANCIAL RATIOS

                     Net profit/(loss) attributable to                                  Total
Basic
                              shareholders                   Debt to                 borrowings
earnings/(loss) =                                                           =
                     Weighted average number of              equity                  Total equity
per share
                    shares in issue during the period

Net assets
attributable to          Shareholders’ equity                Net debt to              Net debt
                =                                                        =
shareholders         Weighted average number of              equity                  Total equity
per share           shares in issue during the period

                    Profit from operations before
                 changes in fair value of properties
Interest cover =
                 Finance costs before capitalization
                         less interest income




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   83
Information for Investors

FINANCIAL CALENDAR

Financial period                                        January 1, 2021 to June 30, 2021
Announcement of interim results                                              July 29, 2021
Latest time for lodging transfers                       4:30 p.m. on September 13, 2021
Closure of share register                    September 14 to 15, 2021 (both days inclusive)
Record date for interim dividend                                     September 15, 2021
Payment date for interim dividend                                    September 29, 2021

SHARE LISTING

As at June 30, 2021, 4,499,101,670 shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited. It has a sponsored American Depositary Receipt (ADR) Program in the New York
market.

STOCK CODE

Hong Kong Stock Exchange: 00101
Reuters: 0101.HK
Bloomberg: 101 HK
CUSIP Number/Ticker Symbol for ADR Code: 41043M104/HLPPY

SHARE INFORMATION

Share price as at June 30, 2021: HK$18.86
Market capitalization as at June 30, 2021: HK$84.85 billion

SHARE REGISTRAR

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
17M Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Tel: 2862 8555
Fax: 2865 0990

INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT

C.F. Kwan
Email: ir@hanglung.com


84   Hang Lung Properties Limited
