2023
     CONTENTS

 2   Corporate Information

 3   Chair’s Letter to Shareholders

15   Vice Chair’s Notes

18   Financial Highlights

19   Review of Operations

38   Other Information

48   Independent Auditor’s Review Report

50   Financial Statements

73   Glossary

74   Information for Investors
Corporate Information

DIRECTORS                                     AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

Ronnie C. Chan GBM (Chair)                    Weber W.P. Lo
Adriel Chan (Vice Chair)                      Winnie Ma
Weber W.P. Lo (Chief Executive Officer)
Nelson W.L. Yuen*                             COMPANY SECRETARY
Dominic C.F. Ho*
Philip N.L. Chen*                             Winnie Ma
Andrew K.C. Chan BBS, JP*
Anita Y.M. Fung BBS, JP*                      REGISTERED OFFICE
Kenneth K.K. Chiu (Chief Financial Officer)
                                              28th Floor, Standard Chartered Bank Building
*   Independent Non-Executive Director        4 Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong
                                              Tel: 2879 0111
AUDIT COMMITTEE                               Fax: 2868 6086
                                              Website: http://www.hanglung.com
Dominic C.F. Ho (Chair)                       Email: HLProperties@hanglung.com
Andrew K.C. Chan BBS, JP
Anita Y.M. Fung BBS, JP
                                              AUDITOR

NOMINATION AND                                KPMG
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                        Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with
                                                the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance

Nelson W.L. Yuen (Chair)
Dominic C.F. Ho
Anita Y.M. Fung BBS, JP




2   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Chair’s Letter to Shareholders

RESULTS AND DIVIDEND

Compared to the last corresponding period, overall revenue decreased slightly by 1% to
HK$5,237 million for the six months ended June 30, 2023. Our solid leasing performance
was offset by the depreciation of the Renminbi (RMB), and no contributions were recognized
from property sales. For our core business, rental revenue grew by 5% in Hong Kong Dollar
terms to HK$5,237 million.


Underlying net profit attributable to shareholders remained flat at HK$2,225 million when
excluding all the effects of property revaluation. Underlying earnings per share stayed at
HK$0.49.


Net profit attributable to shareholders, after considering all the effects of property revaluation,
increased by 23% to HK$2,394 million. Earnings per share rose correspondingly to HK$0.53.


The Board has declared an interim dividend of HK18 cents per share, payable on September 29,
2023 to shareholders of record on September 15, 2023.


BUSINESS REVIEW

Since we opened our first mall on the Mainland in Shanghai in 1999, our rental revenue
therefrom has consistently increased in RMB terms, reaching new heights each year. Notably,
even during the past three years of COVID-19, its growth has never stopped. The 1% drop in
retail revenue in 2022 (over 2021) was more than compensated for by the rise in office rental.
We broke the record again these past six months, as reflected in our first half-year results. We
are working to continue this winning streak in the second half if the market cooperates. The
chances are good.


Frankly, it is difficult for anyone to imagine a similar outcome in the commercial rental space
in China. The achievement was a result of the combination of our market positioning and
operational efforts. Because the present macro picture is so dire, investors are holding off
from China, particularly in retail-related sectors like ours. As a consequence, our share price
does not reflect what we consider to be a string of strong results, before, during, and now
after the pandemic. But as I have long believed: always do the right thing and the market
will eventually acknowledge our success. As our company motto says: We Do It Right, and
more recently, We Do It Well.




                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited   3
When I last wrote to shareholders at the beginning of this year, China was just emerging from
an odd series of unprecedented events. After abruptly reversing her almost three years of
strict COVID-19 containment policies in early December, herd immunity was quickly achieved
in about six weeks. Everyone expected that Beijing would come up with some strong
economy-stimulating measures. They did, but the response may not be as they had hoped.


As I have explained before, the Chinese economy has at least four major challenges: the
aftermath of COVID-19, consequences of dealing with Internet platform companies and
private education institutions, bursting of the housing bubble, and deteriorating China-U.S.
relations. Each contributed differently to – but all with financial and socio-psychological
effects on – today’s economic malaise, something which I will detail in the next section.


With this background, it is very challenging for property companies like us to grow tenant
sales and rental revenue. The only sector that would have a chance is truly luxury retail. Even
then, it may not be easy. As such, our performance can be considered quite satisfactory,
breaking commercial rental records in each of the past 23 years, including the last three under
the pandemic.


Given the unique circumstances of the recent public health threat, we should also compare
our 2023 performance with that of 2019, which itself was a record high at that time. To
eliminate the effect of currency translation, I will use RMB terms to elaborate, which is a better
reflection of performance.


All our seven luxury malls made advancement in rental revenue for the six months under review
when compared to the same period in 2022. The best performing property was Plaza 66
in Shanghai, which rose by 23%, followed by Olympia 66 in Dalian by 19%, Center 66 in Wuxi
16%, and Grand Gateway 66 in Shanghai 11%. Spring City 66 in Kunming came in at 9%,
while Forum 66 in Shenyang recorded a 6% increase. Occupancy basically held steady, and
tenant sales were very strong almost across the board.


When comparing rental revenue of the past six months to the first half of pre-COVID 2019, the
growth was spectacular. (Spring City 66 in Kunming opened in August 2019 and Heartland 66
in Wuhan in March 2021, so the two cannot be counted.) Center 66 in Wuxi soared by 126%,
Olympia 66 in Dalian 80%, and Plaza 66 and Grand Gateway 66, both in Shanghai, rose by
73% and 56%, respectively. In fact, occupancy increased everywhere except at Forum 66 in
Shenyang. As before, Forum 66 remains the least successful of all our luxury facilities.




4   Hang Lung Properties Limited
A critical KPI for our business is obviously tenant sales. Compared to the same period in
2022, all our malls grew at double-digit rates except one. Our seven luxury properties on
average did 42% more business, and our three sub-luxury ones rose by 36%. In Shanghai,
the growth of 68% for Grand Gateway 66 and 62% for Plaza 66 were an anomaly due to a
low base, as a result of the two-month citywide closedown last year. Olympia 66 in Dalian,
Heartland 66 in Wuhan, and Center 66 in Wuxi all experienced growth rates between 24%
and 26%. Forum 66 in Shenyang sold 16% more, and Spring City 66 in Kunming increased
by 8%. All malls did better than in the six months immediately prior.


A more meaningful and interesting comparison is made with the same period in 2019 before
the pandemic. On average, among our seven luxury properties, our tenants did more than
triple the amount of business this year than in the first six months of 2019 – a rise of 217%.
Center 66 in Wuxi made more than four times the sales. At Olympia 66 in Dalian, tenants sold
257% more; at Grand Gateway 66 in Shanghai, the increase reached 156%; and at Plaza
66, also in Shanghai, the gain was 136%. Even the shops at Forum 66 in Shenyang did 40%
more business. The three sub-luxury properties did marginally better than in pre-COVID 2019.
All of these encouraging results strongly underpin the rise in rents that our spaces command.


These figures show that, if done well, as we did, the pandemic did not hurt our business at
all. At a time when public information demonstrated a clear trend of rising vacancies and
lowering unit rents, our performance seemed to defy gravity. Actually, we do not. We are
fortunate to be well-positioned in the right segment of the business – luxury fashion – and
have executed this strategy reasonably well.


In recent years, our Mainland office portfolio has grown nicely. Being a steadier product less
subjected to fluctuations like retail space, comparison with the same period in 2022 is more
reasonable. Due to the weakening of the overall economy, the growth rate has moderated
to 6% in local currency terms. When translated to our reporting currency, the Hong Kong
Dollar, which appreciated 6.3% over the RMB, the total office rent received was 1% less.
Minor weaknesses were identified in a few of our locations, but the two towers in Plaza 66 in
Shanghai saw a pleasing rise in rents. More spectacular results in percentage growth came
in the two newer skyscrapers, one at Spring City 66 in Kunming and one at Heartland 66 in
Wuhan.


People began to travel after the pandemic, so our hotel business has improved significantly.
But given its modest scale, it does not change the total picture much for us. There was also
no sales activity on our residences at Heartland 66 in Wuhan.



                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   5
In Hong Kong, both our tenant retail sales and rental revenue have improved from a year ago.
These grew, respectively, by 22% and 6%. But when compared to the same period in 2019,
i.e., pre-pandemic, they were still down by 7% and 16%, respectively.


Hong Kong office rents have edged up 1% compared to the same period last year. Rents
from our residential and serviced apartments were down by 1%.


To summarize, on the Mainland we collected 13% more rents in RMB terms when compared
to 2022. Revenue from retail space increased 13% – a 16% rise in luxury and a 3% retreat
in sub-luxury. Office rents rose by 6% and hotels by 130%. Due to the devaluation of the
currency, the growth rate was 6% in home currency terms. Together with a 4% rise in Hong
Kong rents, the total rental revenue advanced by 5%. We did not sell any residential property
in the past six months.

To give my readers a sense of our performance compared to 2019 before the pandemic, our
Mainland portfolio delivered a growth rate of 66% in revenue in local currency. Retail rents
rose by 69% – 93% for the luxury category, while sub-luxury malls retreated by 11%. We
collected 40% more revenue from our offices. In Hong Kong, total rents remained 16% below
the pre-COVID level – by the same magnitude for both retail and office, and 24% lower for
residential and serviced apartments.


Leasing operating profit for the six months was up by 8% from a year ago, and its underlying
net profit attributable to shareholders increased by 6% to HK$2,246 million. After a minor net
revaluation gain, the net profit attributable to shareholders climbed 31% to HK$2,415 million.
Compared to a year ago, the profit margin was up two points to 74% – three points on the
Mainland to 70%, and one point in Hong Kong to 82%.


Mainland rental revenue now accounts for 68% of the total and Hong Kong 32%. The net
debt-to-equity ratio moved up a little to 30.4%.


Now let me review a little history for my readers. It can be instructive for the future. Our
strategy is not altogether unique; many others also develop, manage, and own commercial
real estate in mainland China. But examining beneath the surface reveals that perhaps we are
somewhat different from most, if not all, of our counterparts.




6   Hang Lung Properties Limited
For example, our projects are invariably centered on a retail mall, usually with a top luxury
market positioning. We are more willing to invest in the long term, as evidenced by our
insistence on the choice of location, our design and construction, and the Asset Enhancement
Initiative (AEI) we execute. During the bear market years from 2012 to 2017, we began a total
upgrade of our two flagship Shanghai properties, and we spent a total of over RMB1.5 billion
on these two AEIs. Our malls are often strongly supported by our offices. These skyscrapers
are of the highest quality in the country, which is reflected in their high occupancy and rents.


Is ours an acceptable strategy? The proof of the pudding is in the eating. Consider the
following historical numbers: for the past 23 years since we opened our first mall in December
1999 and up to 2022, our commercial rental portfolio has never suffered a down year. All this
was set against rather turbulent times.

While 2000 to 2010 were relatively peaceful years, a prolonged bear market began in the
second half of 2011 and was greatly exacerbated by the government’s anti-corruption and
anti-decadence policies implemented from 2012. Luxury retail was the hardest hit. It was not
until early 2018 that the market began to recover.


In those six to seven difficult years, five malls and two office towers were slated to open.
Barely two good years passed, and in early 2020 we were confronted with the COVID-19
pandemic, which lasted three years. Between the second half of 2019 and 2021, we
inaugurated two sizable shopping centers and three office towers. So almost half of the past
23 years were troubled times.


What sustained the 23-year winning streak was not primarily the addition of new space, for it
takes one or two three-year lease cycles for properties to mature after opening. The key is to
ensure organic growth. This is amply demonstrated in the successes of all our luxury malls,
with one exception.


Due to last year’s total closure for two months and partial shuttering for the rest of the year,
our two malls in Shanghai naturally recorded a drop in rents – less than 1% for Grand
Gateway 66 and 10% for Plaza 66. Before that, there was not a down year for our retail
rents except when we closed part of the facilities for the AEIs, as mentioned above. A similar
situation occurred in our luxury properties outside Shanghai.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   7
During the last two of the six- to seven-year bear market (2016 and 2017), Center 66 in
Wuxi, then not yet in the luxury category, recorded a fall in rents. By 2018, it began to
metamorphose into a top-end center. Revenue has jumped every year since. During the four
fast-growing years from 2018 to 2021, it achieved an average annual increase rate of almost
28%. Remarkably, even the abnormality of 2022 was unable to stop the rise. Rents rose 7%
that year.


Olympia 66 in Dalian followed a similar path and transformed itself even faster into the
luxury category. With the exception of the first year of the pandemic in 2020, which brought
tremendous business disruptions, the rise in rents was spectacular. For the last two years, it
averaged 30% annual growth. This increase may continue for a few more years.


Spring City 66 in Kunming and Heartland 66 in Wuhan were born shortly before and during
the pandemic. Their rates of rental rise have shown a healthy upward trajectory. Barring a
major market setback, the two malls should continue to grow nicely.


Office rents fluctuate a lot less than their retail cousins, resulting in less frequent rent
reductions. Even during the pandemic, our revenue hardly fell. Again, in the past 23 years and
apart from AEI purposes, there were only two down years. In both cases, the magnitude was
minimal – never exceeding low single digits.


At our two skyscrapers at Plaza 66 in Shanghai, the three years of AEI saw an average
annual fall of 3% in rent. This was because we deliberately chose not to renew certain leases.
That aside, there was hardly a down year in the project’s long history. (A similar condition
was observed in Grand Gateway 66 Office Tower, owned by our parent company, Hang
Lung Group). Forum 66 in Shenyang saw only a 2% annual decline during two of the three
pandemic years, but none before that. The two buildings at Center 66 in Wuxi, taken as a
whole, have consistently seen rent increase since their inauguration.


Taking the entire office portfolio together over the span of 22 years (our first skyscraper in
Plaza 66 was inaugurated in 2001), there were only two years of fallen rents of about 3.5%
each. (The same holds true when the Grand Gateway 66 Office Tower from Hang Lung
Group is added.) Spring City 66 in Kunming and Heartland 66 in Wuhan each have one office
building, and their rents have been steadily rising. They are, however, quite new – opened in
2019 and 2020, respectively.




8   Hang Lung Properties Limited
The total office rent now approaches that of our second most profitable mall, Grand Gateway
66 in Shanghai, in terms of total revenue. It accounts for almost 20% of our Mainland
business and is no longer inconsequential.


Inasmuch as we were able to grow our luxury retail rental business over many years with
limited volatility, the addition of a steady office portfolio did help to keep the revenue increase
momentum. For example, in the particularly difficult year of 2022, under strict rules fighting
COVID-19, Shanghai was the hardest hit, yet our total Mainland rents did not fall. This was
because of strong office performance as well as the rapid rental growth in luxury malls
elsewhere in the country.


I am not sure if there were other commercial property owners as fortunate. If there were, the
number would probably not be large. In that sense, we are quite unique. Over the years, we
have had our share of mistakes, but have also done many things well. Apparently, the latter
strongly outweighs the former.


There is a more immediate market development that I should review with our shareholders.
In the past few years, I have opined that when the pandemic subsides and international
travel resumes, the sales leakage of luxury goods to overseas should not be serious.
That assessment was based on the prevailing conditions then. At that time, there was a
considerable convergence of domestic and international prices, which was not the case for
many years. When the price of the same item was much higher at home, Chinese customers
would, of course, be tempted to shop overseas. This phenomenon was further affected by
the movement of the RMB vis-à-vis foreign currencies of countries or economies (including
Hong Kong) of intended purchases. It also depends on the actions of Chinese customs
officers at the ports of entry. If there was a period of relaxation in customs regulation, smart
Chinese citizens will notice and begin buying overseas, as long as a sufficient price differential
exists.


In this regard, it is interesting to observe that when a top European fashion house announced
their results last week, it stated publicly that they would raise prices in Japan, in order to
reduce the big price gap between Japan and China. One reason is that the Yen has been
very weak of late. I will not be surprised if other major brands take similar steps. This is good
news for us.




                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited   9
It is always helpful to have external validations of our own experiences and observations.
This is why we always compare our results with those of major fashion companies. The
announcement last week made by several top fashion houses have confirmed that China,
which invariably is their most significant market, is still growing strongly.

Moreover, comparing their growth rates in China with that in our stores tends to indicate that
their shops in our malls are more productive. This does not surprise us for we strive to be the
best in the business. It leaves us in good stead with the management of those brands, which
are important to our future. The issue is how to maintain that outperformance. My team and I
will certainly do our best.

Please allow me a final observation for this review. As I have long written on this platform,
mass retail, even in what I call four-star malls, is not where we want to be. Such shops have
too low a profit margin to pay high rents. They are also much more vulnerable to online
shopping. And since the expertise required to build such facilities and manage the business is
much lower than luxury ones, many developers can build and own the former. On all counts,
the opposite is true of what we strive for and excel in doing.

The latest pandemic has confirmed all that. The lack of people movement in the past three
years has accelerated the migration to online shopping. COVID-19 was a boon to e-commerce
and a bane to physical retail rental. The only sector that has been spared is the truly five-star
malls. Our experiences have borne out that fact. Today, there is a general negativity towards
retail space owners. Rightly so, for there are not many malls that are genuinely top-end like
ours. The differential in performance between our seven luxury facilities and the three sub-
luxury ones speaks to the same. I do not see any possibility of a reversal in the near future.

PROSPECTS

In the last section, I have listed the major causes of weakness in China’s economy. There are
primarily four.

The first is the cost of fighting the pandemic the way China did. There were direct costs
to contain the virus as well as indirect costs, such as diverting limited resources from
productive economic activities. The financial consequences were dire. Equally serious was
the disappointment of the Chinese populace. The abrupt reversal of her containment policy
had baffled many, although, as I had stated six months ago, it was totally explainable. Either
way, when people are uncertain about the future, they tend to reduce consumption. They
feel the need to save up for rainy days ahead. With the pandemic essentially gone for only six
months, society needs time to adjust.

10   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Coinciding with the public health challenge were the government policies to rein in Internet
platform companies and private education entities. As I have previously written, the rationale
for such policies is certainly justifiable, but the execution and timing were problematic. Worse
was perhaps the erroneous impression of sudden policy changes. Guessing what officials will
do next generates much anxiety, especially in a top-down society like China. Businesspeople
were at a loss to respond, not knowing what may be thrown their way next. This is perceived
to be a high-risk period, and the rational and safest thing to do is to do nothing. This loss of
confidence is a key driver of the present economic malaise.


A third factor troubling the economy is the bursting of the housing bubble. To be sure, it
has been long in the making. Every economic model practiced by major countries in the
world comprises two elements: market forces and government policies. What matters is the
proportion of these two, which can vary over time. In general, the U.S. economy is more
market-oriented, while the European ones are slightly less so. In the case of China, the market
is more guided by the visible hand. When that hand does well, the economy can strongly
rise; but if mistakes occur, the economy suffers. However, officials are also capable of making
corrective actions, as we have witnessed before in China.


In the case of the Chinese housing market, government policies and actions are paramount.
A crucial factor that led to today’s market condition is that, over the past 30 years or so,
developers were basically prevented from going bankrupt. As a result, a moral hazard exists –
market participants can be reckless and do not have to bear the consequences. That is,
until now. The crisis has become so grave that its financial weight is crushing everyone. In
the past, I had written on the technical aspects of the unsustainable nature of that business
model, so I will not belabor here. Suffice it to say that being a big part of the overall economy
and a socially sensitive sector, the industry’s troubles will become a problem for the economy
and society. Worse yet, there is no easy solution now that the bubble has burst.


The last of the four challenges is the effects of worsening China-U.S. relations. It started
at least 30 years ago with the fall of the Berlin Wall, which negated the raison d’être of the
Nixon-era rapprochement. Over time, it has gotten progressively worse, although most
people did not feel it until recently. The wild years of Trump cemented the bad relationship
and galvanized almost the whole of the U.S. to oppose China. A bipartisan consensus was
formed. But the worst may be the Biden administration, which heightened the attack on the
grounds of national security and made turning back extremely difficult.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   11
Beyond bilateral trade, which is fundamentally a matter of rational calculation, now the issue
is one of politics and emotion, which can be illogical. Facts no longer matter, and common
sense can be easily put aside. Being the most powerful nation that humankind has ever seen,
the U.S. is forcing everyone to choose sides. The only thing that can hold her back is her self-
interest, such as protecting her vital economic needs to preserve the international dominance
of the U.S. Dollar. Even so, at times, America would seem to forsake even that for smaller
short-term gains. It is madness, and such is the world we live in today.

In the name of protecting these “national interests”, the U.S. is hitting China with all she has.
High on the agenda is the competition in technology. Following therefrom is the limiting of
people flow and capital flow. From what I can tell, this is just the start. More restrictions will
come, and these will further bifurcate the world. It will lead to differences in standards from the
critical to the mundane. The practical ramifications of all that will be profound and ubiquitous.

Trade flow will change, and so will people flow and capital flow. Dealing with multiple
standards and systems will be hugely inflationary. In the short term, it may spur a construction
boom from the physical to the digital domains, but the resulting rise in raw material prices and
labor costs will fuel inflation. There will be no winners in this game. Frankly, it is the biggest
spectacle of our time when the number one power (the U.S.) wants desperately to suppress
the number two (China), and the latter has no choice but to fight back. All gloves are off!

The deterioration of this critical international relationship is the fourth drag on the Chinese
economy. If the first three were of her own making, this one has been thrown at her whether
the ancient country likes it or not. In the end, perhaps the most troubling aspect for Beijing
is the timing. Each of these four problems alone is already a handful. Each of them has a
financial aspect as well as social and psychological ones. For the four to occur at the same
time is truly unfortunate. This will tax the wisdom of her leaders as well as the cohesiveness of
her society.

To be sure, there cannot be a winner in this contest of the century. It is much more
complicated and dangerous than the last Cold War when the U.S. and U.S.S.R. hardly had
any commercial nexus. This time, the U.S. and China are deeply economically intertwined. 60
to 70 years ago, the conflict was, for the most part, hidden from the general public. This time,
everyone cannot but feel it everyday.

China will be the first to suffer, but she will not endure alone. Hardly a nation on earth would
be spared, although a few may, of course, opportunistically gain. In the end, another big loser
besides China could very well be the U.S. China today is not without the means to retaliate,
and America like everyone else has her own Achilles’ heel, such as her currency. It is truly a
lose-lose endeavor.

12   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Our primary interest is China, where our business is based. My assessment is that it may
take a few years for Beijing to successfully restart the economic engine. Some in the West
mistakenly think that the Chinese leaders are no longer interested in the economy. This
cannot be further from the truth. It is not a matter of intention; it is a matter of feasibility. Time
is needed, I believe, to get out of the present doldrums.


To a commercial enterprise like ours, the set of environments is simply too uncertain and risky.
The risk-reward ratio makes one uncomfortable. This is why in recent editions of my half-
yearly letter, I have repeatedly called for caution. It is better to be safe than sorry.


We will, in the coming financial period, focus on improving our operational efficiencies and
resilience. As always, we strive to be the best in class, for the best in our business, all things
else being equal, will make disproportionately more money given the same capital. After all,
there are still many improvements to be made.


We will also build out our projects, chief among them being Westlake 66 in Hangzhou.
The mall and two office towers are slated to be completed by the end of 2024. The three
remaining mid-rise office buildings, as well as the hotel, should be finished a year later. The
world-renowned hospitality group Mandarin Oriental has been engaged, which will further
enhance the luxury positioning of the entire project.


So far, we only have one hotel operating on the Mainland – the Conrad at Forum 66 in
Shenyang. Business has improved significantly after the pandemic. Several hotels are being
planned. In the order of expected completion, they are: Grand Hyatt Kunming, which forms a
part of Spring City 66 (2024 opening); a Curio Collection by Hilton at Center 66 in Wuxi (also
2024); and the Mandarin Oriental at Westlake 66 in Hangzhou (2025). A fourth is in the offing
which is yet to be announced.


We also have four residential developments for sale in the coming years. They are Heartland
Residences in Wuhan, Center Residences in Wuxi, Grand Hyatt Residences in Kunming, and
thereafter Forum Residences in Shenyang. All except the last are targeted to be completed
in phases in or before 2025. Given this sizable portfolio of projects to be completed, our
team will be kept busy. Whether we buy more land would depend on how the political and
economic situations evolve over time.




                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited   13
Let me conclude by bringing us back to the more immediate developments. We started this
year quite strongly after the relaxation of pandemic and social distancing rules. There was
some optimism, and our results of the first few months tended to justify it. But by mid-May,
we began to notice some slowdown. We were still growing nicely, but the rate was somewhat
moderated.


When examining the domestic economy from various angles, it is not easy to conclude that
this will turn around strongly anytime soon. One of the few sectors that remains relatively
resilient is luxury goods. I will not be surprised if, for the rest of the year, we manage to
maintain some growth. This seems to be in line with the forecasts of top fashion brands. If I
am correct, this year will still reach new heights for our Company. Beyond that, the horizon is
not clear enough for me to venture a forecast. But through operation efficiency improvements
and prudent financial management, we should be able to handle whatever may befall us.

In Hong Kong, retail sales have improved and should gradually be followed by rent increases.
However, progress is not expected to be fast. Office rental will remain weak for two key
reasons. First, the overall economy, especially our financial service industry, is expected to be
sluggish. It is likely that the U.S. will craft further policies directed at us. If so, the sector may
yet become a target. Second, the supply of office space in the pipeline is plentiful. As such,
one should not have unrealistic expectations of substantial rent increases.


A final word on corporate governance: I would like to think that, over the years, we have kept
one of the highest standards on multiple fronts when compared to others in our industry. We
are among the most transparent with shareholders and the investment public. That said, we
have much room to improve such as diversity. Management has made conscientious efforts
to promote a more balanced workforce, as evidenced by our recent and highly successful
“Future Women Leaders Program”. Nevertheless, board diversity is an area that needs
enhancement. Much work has been carried out in this area and I hope to have good news to
report soon.




Ronnie C. Chan
Chair
Hong Kong, July 31, 2023




14   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Vice Chair’s Notes

As you will see from this Interim Report, Hang Lung delivered another solid set of results
for the first half of 2023. While the overall numbers were good, if we look more closely, the
trajectory was one of plateauing. This trend, combined with a more conservative consumer
sentiment, gives us pause, although we remain reasonably confident about the full year’s
prospects.


With the above in mind, I visited four cities in late July – Kunming, Shenyang, Dalian, and
Shanghai – to try to get a more nuanced, on-the-ground sense of consumer sentiment on
the Mainland.


As expected, what I heard from colleagues, friends, and customers was even more negative
than what I heard after the 2012 crackdown on corruption and opulence. Across the board,
consumers said they are more conservative in their outlook and are less willing to spend. This
tallied with what we have also heard from Hong Kong. However, what I saw seemed to tell a
different story: buzzing malls, packed flights, and full hotels – all things that appear to point
to healthy economic activity.


I want to highlight a few specific examples of the feedback I received:


–   Everyone said that they are holding back on large purchases such as cars and housing.
    However, at least one person said this is partly because the government has rolled back
    some of the big subsidies they had been offering to stimulate electric vehicle sales,
    causing end-customer prices to rise.


–   When asked about clothing purchases, one white-collar respondent said that while
    they previously bought around three to four new pieces each season, they have now
    pared that back to two to three pieces. These are not luxury-brand items but mid-range,
    average brands. (It appears that luxury brands have not seen the same kind of taper.)


–   On Internet shopping, another person (a senior employee for a multinational company’s
    China operations) responded that they have shifted more of their spending to lower-end
    platforms such as Pinduoduo, from the relatively more full-priced Taobao (Alibaba) and
    JD.com. This was quite a commonly repeated phenomenon, although there may be a
    case to be made that Pinduoduo has simply done a better job of improving its products
    and services (e.g., dramatically improving its customer returns experience.)




                                                                          Hang Lung Properties Limited   15
On the other hand, these were some of the telling divergent observations:


–     On eating/F&B, multiple upper-middle-class respondents said that they had not changed
      their restaurant eating habits at all. They still go to restaurants just as frequently and order
      the same food and wine. The explanation I received for this divergence from the change
      in shopping habits was that, “We have to eat anyway, and things aren’t that bad that we
      need to change how we eat.” This one statement gave me a little bit of (cold) comfort
      and helped shed more light on just where sentiment stands.


–     The resilience of travel was something I managed to experience first-hand. On three of
      my four flights, business class was full, and economy was either full or nearly full. (I know
      because I was unable to secure a business class seat on those three flights!)


–     Hotels are also doing well, not only in tourist hot spots like Shanghai and Chengdu but
      even in Shenyang and Dalian. As our Chair alluded to, our Conrad Hotel in Shenyang has
      been doing strong business, and in July, there were three nights of 100% occupancy,
      including the presidential suite, with no “comped” (complimentary) rooms! Considering
      we are the most expensive hotel in Shenyang, as well as the most highly rated Conrad in
      the country, this further reinforces the relative resilience of high-end consumers.


–     Our shopping malls were absolutely bustling. Both foot traffic and sales were strong,
      which contributed to an energetic atmosphere. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said
      for some of our competitors. Especially in second-tier cities, a number of mass-market
      malls were really suffering. In the most extreme example, I walked through six stories of
      a new competitor mall and saw only five other customers. Although this speaks to our
      strong ability to attract customers, it does not bode well for non-luxury malls across the
      country.




16   Hang Lung Properties Limited
So, how is this discrepancy explained? Broadly speaking, most consumers do not have
materially reduced spending power, so they can still spend when and where they choose.
It’s more that they lack confidence in the broader economy, so they choose to spend more
selectively. There have not been mass layoffs, nor have there been significant income
reductions. Considering the scale of savings and balance sheet wealth that most urban
Chinese have already amassed, potential short-term impacts on their disposable income will
hopefully be minimal. Therefore, their spending adjustments are primarily a reaction to lower
confidence levels rather than a lower spending ability. Of course, this is painful for some
vendors – mainly mass and lower-end retailers – but it does not spell the end of Chinese
retail, and especially not high-end retail. The question is, from here, in which direction will the
economy go?


I believe there is still the opportunity for the government to stem falling sentiment. However,
it will take more than the announcement of new policy measures – in order to rebuild
confidence, consumers are keenly watching how the government makes good on any
announcements.


As an operator of high-end malls and offices in mainland China – a scarce and unique
product – rather than a developer of mass residential or commoditized offices, we are
subject to a slightly modified set of challenges compared to our peers. Our customers are
more affluent and less cost-conscious, and are less likely to have suffered catastrophic
financial losses over the past several years and in the years to come. Whatever the scenario,
I think it is a reasonable expectation that Hang Lung continues to outperform the broader
industry.




Adriel Chan
Vice Chair
Hong Kong, July 31, 2023




                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited   17
Financial Highlights
in HK$ Million (unless otherwise stated)


RESULTS
                                                       For the six months ended June 30
                                                    2023                              2022
                                      Property     Property                  Property   Property
                                       Leasing        Sales          Total    Leasing      Sales       Total
Revenue                                    5,237          –         5,237      4,986        316       5,302
 – Mainland China                          3,554          –         3,554      3,367          –       3,367
 – Hong Kong                               1,683          –         1,683      1,619        316       1,935

Operating profit/(loss)                    3,858        (34)        3,824      3,575        133       3,708
 – Mainland China                          2,483        (20)        2,463      2,269         (19)     2,250
 – Hong Kong                               1,375        (14)        1,361      1,306        152       1,458

Underlying net profit/
 (loss) attributable to
 shareholders                              2,246        (21)        2,225      2,109        108       2,217

Net increase/(decrease) in
 fair value of properties
 attributable to shareholders               169           –           169       (269)          –       (269)

Net profit/(loss) attributable
 to shareholders                           2,415        (21)        2,394      1,840        108       1,948

                                                               At June 30,                  At December 31,
                                                                     2023                             2022
Shareholders’ equity                                              130,073                           133,381

Net assets attributable to shareholders
 per share (HK$)                                                    $28.9                             $29.6


Earnings and Dividend (HK$)
                                                                     2023                             2022
Earnings per share
 – Based on underlying net profit attributable to
     shareholders                                                   $0.49                             $0.49
 – Based on net profit attributable to shareholders                 $0.53                             $0.43

Interim dividend per share                                          $0.18                             $0.18


Financial Ratios
                                                               At June 30,                  At December 31,
                                                                     2023                             2022
Net debt to equity ratio                                           30.4%                             28.1%
Debt to equity ratio                                               33.7%                             31.8%




18   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Review of Operations

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS

The total revenue of Hang Lung Properties Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries
(collectively known as “Hang Lung Properties”) for the six months ended June 30, 2023 was
HK$5,237 million, 1% lower than the same period last year as the solid leasing performance
achieved through our unique positioning and disciplined execution was dragged by the
depreciation of the Renminbi (“RMB”), and no contributions were recognized from property
sales. The overall operating profit rose by 3% to HK$3,824 million. Revenue from property
leasing increased by 5% to HK$5,237 million. No property sales revenue was recognized
during the period (2022: HK$316 million).


The underlying net profit attributable to shareholders remained flat at HK$2,225 million. The
underlying earnings per share correspondingly stayed at HK$0.49.


Hang Lung Properties reported a net profit attributable to shareholders of HK$2,394 million
(2022: HK$1,948 million) when including a net revaluation gain on properties attributable
to shareholders of HK$169 million (2022: net revaluation loss of HK$269 million). The
corresponding earnings per share was HK$0.53 (2022: HK$0.43).


Revenue and Operating Profit for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                    Revenue                     Operating Profit/(Loss)
                            2023        2022                    2023            2022
                       HK$ Million HK$ Million   Change   HK$ Million HK$ Million           Change
Property Leasing            5,237       4,986        5%        3,858           3,575             8%
 Mainland China             3,554       3,367        6%        2,483           2,269             9%
 Hong Kong                  1,683       1,619        4%        1,375           1,306             5%
Property Sales                  –         316     -100%          (34)            133             N/A
Total                       5,237       5,302       -1%        3,824           3,708             3%




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited    19
DIVIDEND

The Board of Directors has declared an interim dividend of HK18 cents per share for 2023
(2022: HK18 cents) to be paid in cash on September 29, 2023, to shareholders whose
names are listed on the register of members on September 15, 2023.


PROPERTY LEASING

For the six months ended June 30, 2023, the overall rental revenue increased by 5% to
HK$5,237 million. Rental revenue of our Mainland portfolio rose by 13% in RMB terms and
6% in HKD terms after taking into account the RMB depreciation against the same period last
year. Our Hong Kong portfolio recorded 4% growth in rental revenue.


On the Mainland, overall business sentiment affected by the COVID-19 outburst in December
last year quickly rebounded when the spread of cases subsided in early January and
related pandemic containment measures were lifted. A proactive marketing push via various
promotional events, together with traditional holiday campaigns in the Chinese New Year and
Valentine’s Day, were launched across our portfolio to capture the post-COVID-19 upsurge.
HOUSE 66, our customer relationship management (CRM) program, effectively engaged
our loyal customers and acquired new members. Compared with the first quarter of 2022
when the impacts of COVID-19 remained relatively mild, overall tenant sales and rental
revenue grew by 18% and 5%, respectively, in RMB terms. For the first six months of 2023,
overall tenant sales and rental revenue were 42% and 13% higher, respectively, against the
corresponding period.


Hong Kong’s overall operating environment is gradually improving following the re-opening
of borders both locally and on the Mainland. Our “hello Hang Lung Malls Rewards Program”
along with the government’s “Hello Hong Kong” campaign and another round of consumption
vouchers, further stimulated consumer sentiment and supported growth in tenant sales. For
the first time since the COVID-19 outbreak in 2020, our Hong Kong portfolio delivered rental
growth against the same period of the previous year. Overall rental revenue increased by 4%,
and tenant sales improved by 22% compared to the same period last year.




20   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Mainland China1


Property Leasing – Mainland China Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                                                                         Revenue
                                                                                       (RMB Million)
                                                                               2023             2022          Change
Malls                                                                         2,496            2,210              13%
Offices                                                                         580              547               6%
Hotel                                                                             62               27           130%
Total                                                                         3,138            2,784              13%
Total in HK$ Million equivalent                                               3,554            3,367                6%

Overall rental revenue and operating profit rose by 13% and 17%, respectively. In HKD
terms, the increases were diluted to 6% and 9%, respectively, due to the depreciation of
the RMB. Our mall portfolio resumed its growth trend and its revenue climbed 13% after a
relatively flattish result in 2022, which was hampered by multiple COVID-19-related business
disruptions (including mall closures). Our premium office portfolio continued to deliver a
firm growth foundation and rose by 6%, driven mainly by an increase in occupancy rates at
our younger office towers in Kunming and Wuhan. Our hotel operations benefited from the
relaxation of travel restrictions with revenue more than doubling period-on-period.


•    Malls

Our mall portfolio revenue grew by 13%, with our luxury-positioned malls achieving a 16%
increase in revenue, while our sub-luxury malls recorded a slight revenue drop of 3%. Our two
luxury malls in Shanghai, which experienced business suspensions in April and May last year,
reported 18% higher revenue. For our luxury malls outside Shanghai, overall rental revenue
growth reached 11%, benefiting from higher tenant sales. The slight fall in revenue for our
sub-luxury malls was largely attributable to lower occupancy.




1
     Percentage changes pertaining to the mainland China portfolio are expressed in RMB terms unless otherwise specified.




                                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited    21
Property Leasing – Mainland China Mall Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                              Revenue                 Period-end Occupancy Rate
                                             (RMB Million)              June December       June
Name of Mall and City                2023          2022      Change     2023      2022     2022
Luxury malls
Plaza 66, Shanghai                    891           724        23%     100%      100%       98%
Grand Gateway 66,
     Shanghai                         613           553        11%      98%       99%       99%
Forum 66, Shenyang                     50            47         6%      84%       87%       90%
Center 66, Wuxi                       226           195        16%      99%       99%       98%
Olympia 66, Dalian                    133           112        19%      89%       89%       89%
Spring City 66, Kunming               154           141         9%      97%       95%       94%
Heartland 66, Wuhan                   122           122           –     81%       86%       84%
                                     2,189        1,894        16%
Sub-luxury malls
Palace 66, Shenyang                    78            82        -5%      86%       81%       86%
Parc 66, Jinan                        156           151         3%      89%       90%       92%
Riverside 66, Tianjin                  73            83       -12%      80%       80%       83%
                                      307           316        -3%
Total                                2,496        2,210        13%


Our luxury malls recorded an overall 16% increase in revenue. While revenue at Heartland
66 in Wuhan was flat as its tenant mix is being restructured, revenue from the remaining
luxury malls increased by a range of 6% to 23% period-on-period. With various business
suspensions and pandemic containment measures in 2022, our luxury malls benefited
from improved sentiment and tenant sales, particularly during the Chinese New Year and
Valentine’s Day holidays. Our sub-luxury malls recorded an overall 3% drop in revenue due
to lower occupancy. Parc 66 in Jinan reported 3% growth in revenue after the opening of
multiple beauty and first-in-town brands in the second half of 2022 following the completion
of the first stage of the mall’s Asset Enhancement Initiative (AEI).




22    Hang Lung Properties Limited
Luxury malls


Revenue and tenant sales of our flagship Plaza 66 mall in Shanghai increased by 23% and
62% period-on-period, respectively. We helped create new sales momentum and capture
the improved customer sentiment by launching proactive CRM programs and innovative
marketing campaigns, including the “Game of Wonder” held in April this year. The results
were encouraging, especially during the Chinese New Year and Valentine’s Day, when our
tenant sales exceeded those in 2022. The mall continued to be fully occupied at the end of
the period.


Another mall in Shanghai, Grand Gateway 66, which carries more lifestyle content than
its flagship sister, generated revenue growth of 11% period-on-period, with tenant sales
rising by 68%. As seen with Plaza 66, business performance during the Chinese New Year
and Valentine’s Day holidays exceeded that of 2022. Grand Gateway 66 also organized an
exclusive in-mall event tied with the May premiere of the Chinese version of “The Phantom
of the Opera”, became the talk of the town with overwhelming footfall and viral social media
reach. The occupancy rate remained high at 98% at the end of the period.


Forum 66 mall in Shenyang generated 6% and 16% higher revenue and tenant sales,
respectively. Targeted marketing events in collaboration with our tenants, and those with
our Conrad Shenyang and Palace 66 brands in Shenyang, created productive synergy and
enhanced customer experiences. The occupancy rate as of June 2023 was 84%.


Center 66, the leading luxury retail mall in Wuxi, continued to deliver strong results, with
revenue and tenant sales rising by 16% and 24%, respectively. A tenant collaboration with
a “Money Can’t Buy Experience” concept appealed to our prestige customers and helped
fortify our leadership position. The occupancy rate remained high at 99%.


Olympia 66 in Dalian continued to reap the rewards of its transformation into a luxury-led
mall with its revenue and tenant sales climbing 19% and 26% period-on-period, respectively.
Its signature event, “Shining Olympia”, was held in April and continued to boost consumer
sentiment and footfall. The occupancy rate remained stable at the end of the period.


Revenue and tenant sales of Spring City 66 mall in Kunming, the city’s prime luxury hub,
benefited from an expanding tourist market and rose by 9% and 8%, respectively. Entering its
fourth year of operations, the mall continues to provide strong base rents with positive rental
reversions and a high occupancy rate, which stood at 97% as of June 2023.



                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited   23
Heartland 66 mall in Wuhan, our first large-scale commercial development in central China,
is undergoing a revamp in trade mix to bolster its competitiveness, and as a result, a drop in
its occupancy rate to 81% at the reporting date. Despite the drop in the occupancy rate, the
revenue was maintained at 2022 level while tenant sales increased by 25%. To celebrate the
mall’s second anniversary, a “Cirque du Soleil First-in-Wuhan” event was held in March with
comprehensive tenant collaborations and encouraging response from customers.


Sub-luxury malls


The revenue of Palace 66 in Shenyang dropped by 5% as the low occupancy rate inherited
at the beginning of the year due to COVID-19 impacts on its performance. The occupancy
rate recovered five points against period-end December 2022 to 86% and remained stable
against period-end June 2022. Capturing the local government’s dedication to transform the
Zhongjie District into an international commercial hub, various marketing activities were held—
including a music festival—and tenant sales increased by 40%.


Following the completion of the first phase of its AEI in the second half of 2022, Parc 66 in
Jinan increased its revenue and tenant sales by 3% and 31%, respectively. Multiple beauty
and first-in-town brands opened stores in the mall and further phases of the AEI will continue
to bolster Parc 66’s long-term competitiveness and profitability. The occupancy rate as of
June 2023 was 89%.


Revenue from Riverside 66 in Tianjin decreased by 12% due to low occupancy, which
was inherited at the beginning of the year due to COVID-19 pressures in 2022. Marketing
initiatives were introduced to strengthen footfall, which led to a 40% boost in tenant sales.
The occupancy rate remained stable against period-end December 2022 and decreased by
three points against period-end June 2022 to 80%.


•     Offices


The office portfolio, accounting for 18% of our total Mainland rental revenue, continued to
provide a reliable source of growth and income stream. The total revenue rose by 6% to
RMB580 million period-on-period, driven primarily by the good performance of Plaza 66 and
growth from our newer projects, such as the office towers in Kunming and Wuhan.




24   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Property Leasing – Mainland China Office Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                         Revenue                  Period-end Occupancy Rate
                                        (RMB Million)                June December                June
Name of Office and City          2023         2022      Change       2023         2022           2022
Plaza 66, Shanghai                335          317         6%        98%           96%            96%
Forum 66, Shenyang                 64           66        -3%        86%           91%            92%
Center 66, Wuxi                    59           61        -3%        83%           85%            88%
Spring City 66, Kunming            70           59        19%        87%           88%            79%
Heartland 66, Wuhan                52           44        18%        72%           73%            61%
Total                             580          547         6%


Our two Grade A office towers at Plaza 66 in Shanghai generated rental growth of 6% during
the period, leveraging their prime location in Jing’An District and high-quality tenant mix. An
innovative digital tool is also being introduced to further enhance tenant experiences and
service quality. The occupancy rate remained high at 98% at the end of the reporting period.


Revenue of the office tower at Forum 66 in Shenyang fell by 3%, mainly due to continuing
soft demand in the market with the occupancy rate dropped to 86%.


The total revenue of the two office towers at Center 66 in Wuxi dropped by 3%, primarily
because of the low occupancy rate that has carried over from the end of 2022. Our high-
quality offerings enabled us to maintain a steady level of unit rent in the first half of the year,
and we intend to further improve the tenant mix and leasing pace in the second half of the
year. The occupancy rate was 83% at the end of the reporting period.


Revenue of the office tower at Spring City 66 in Kunming increased by 19%, driven by the
eight points rise in its occupancy rate to 87% against period-end June 2022. Spring City 66
will look to enhance its leasing pace in the second half of 2023 through leveraging its prime
location and premium facilities and services.


Revenue of the Heartland 66 Office Tower in Wuhan increased by 18% and the occupancy
rate increased by 11 points against period-end June 2022 to 72%. To further enhance
Heartland’s competitiveness and provide more offerings to tenants, Heartland’s new
HANGOUT workspace opened in March 2023 to provide flexible office solutions for tenants.




                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited    25
•      Hotel


Revenue grew by 130% after the relaxation of travel restrictions. Both room and food and
beverage businesses performed well following an increase in both business and leisure travel,
with room revenue contributing 1.71 times growth due to an influx of business travelers while
food and beverage revenue achieved 82% growth.


Hong Kong


With the resumption of cross-border travel between Hong Kong and the Mainland, the Hong
Kong economy achieved a stable recovery in the first half of 2023, especially in the retail
market.

To capitalize on this steady rebound in market sentiment, we supported our tenants with
a sales-driven approach. The “hello dollar” rewards program and a series of compelling
marketing campaigns were launched in the first half of 2023 to help elevate customer
shopping experiences.


Revenue and operating profit increased by 4% to HK$1,683 million and by 5% to HK$1,375
million, respectively, with a rental margin of 82%.


Property Leasing – Hong Kong Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                              Revenue                 Period-end Occupancy Rate
                                             (HK$ Million)              June December       June
                                     2023          2022      Change     2023      2022     2022
Retail                               1,009          951         6%      97%       98%       98%
Offices                               552           545         1%      88%       90%       87%
Residential & Serviced
     Apartments                       122           123        -1%      66%       73%       70%
Total                                1,683        1,619         4%


•      Retail

Revenue from our Hong Kong retail portfolio rose by 6% to HK$1,009 million. As the tenant
mix was refined by introducing brands that focus on local consumption, the overall occupancy
dropped mildly to 97%.



26    Hang Lung Properties Limited
The recovery of inbound tourism and another round of government consumption vouchers,
together with a series of promotional campaigns under the “hello Hang Lung Malls Rewards
Program”, contributed to a rise in total tenant sales and sales rent by 22% and 40%,
respectively, mainly in the food and beverage, personal care and beauty, and jewelry and
watches segments.


Retail properties located in Central Business and Tourist District Portfolio generated
overall rental growth of 8%. The performance of our retail properties at Mongkok and
Causeway Bay benefited from the re-opening of borders and the relaxation of pandemic
control measures. Overall occupancy remained stable at 96%.


Our Community Mall Portfolio continued to record strong performance, with overall
revenue increasing by 4% against the same period last year. The occupancy of Kornhill
Plaza in Hong Kong East and Amoy Plaza in Kowloon East remained high at 99% and 97%,
respectively, at the reporting date.


•   Offices


Our office revenue edged up by 1% in the face of a challenging market environment with
weak demand and an abundance of market supply in the pipeline, especially on Hong Kong
Island. Various measures were adopted to maintain a relatively high occupancy level of 88%.


For our Hong Kong Island Portfolio, revenue rose slightly by 1% while occupancy remained
at 82% under a difficult market environment.


Revenue at our Kowloon Portfolio grew by 1% as the occupancy increased to 95% due to
a more resilient semi-retail positioning of Grand Plaza, Grand Centre, and Gala Place.


•   Residential & Serviced Apartments


Revenue of our residential and serviced apartments segment dropped gently by 1%, largely
due to lower occupancy at The Summit as it prepares for an upcoming renovation; however,
this was partially compensated by higher average occupancy rate at Kornhill Apartments.




                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited   27
PROPERTY SALES

No property sales revenue was recorded during the reporting period. In the first half of
2022, revenue of HK$316 million was recognized for the sale of one house on Blue Pool
Road upon its completion during that period. The operating loss from property sales for the
reporting period was HK$34 million, mostly made up of the selling expenses for The Aperture
in Kowloon Bay, and marketing expenses for the Grand Hyatt Residences Kunming, Center
Residences in Wuxi and Heartland Residences in Wuhan.


As of June 30, 2023, 126 residential units at The Aperture had been sold at a total of
HK$1,108 million since 2021. The revenue is expected to be recognized in mid-2024 upon
sale completion.


We continued to seize opportunities to dispose of non-core investment properties for capital
recycling. During the reporting period, 11 car parking spaces held as investment properties
were disposed, and a total net gain on disposal of HK$11 million was recognized as other net
income.


PROPERTY REVALUATION

As of June 30, 2023, the total value of our investment properties and those under
development amounted to HK$188,320 million, including the mainland China portfolio of
HK$126,352 million and the Hong Kong portfolio of HK$61,968 million. These properties
were appraised by Savills, an independent valuer, as of June 30, 2023.


A revaluation gain of HK$251 million was recorded (2022: loss of HK$221 million).


The mainland China portfolio recorded a revaluation gain of HK$216 million (2022: loss of
HK$149 million), representing less than 1% of the portfolio value.


The Hong Kong portfolio had a revaluation gain of HK$35 million (2022: loss of HK$72
million), representing a less than 1% increase against the value as of December 31, 2022.


Net revaluation gain after tax and non-controlling interests of HK$169 million was reported
(2022: net revaluation loss of HK$269 million).




28   Hang Lung Properties Limited
PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT AND CAPITAL COMMITMENT

The aggregated values of our projects under development for leasing and sale were
HK$21,494 million and HK$11,222 million, respectively. These comprised mainland China
projects in Wuhan, Wuxi, Kunming, Hangzhou, and Shenyang, and redevelopment projects
in Hong Kong. As of the reporting date, our capital commitments for the development of
investment properties amounted to HK$15 billion.


Mainland China


Heartland Residences (武漢恒隆府) in Wuhan—the inaugural project of our premium
serviced residences brand on the Mainland—is situated in the immediate proximity of
Heartland 66 and comprises three towers offering a total of 492 units. The sales gallery and
show flats were launched in April 2022 and sales and marketing efforts will continue. The
project is scheduled for completion in phases from the end of 2023.


Grand Hyatt Residences Kunming (昆明君悅居) and Grand Hyatt Kunming are integral
components of the remaining Spring City 66 development. The Residences sit above the
hotel and house 254 apartment units, including three premium penthouses. Grand Hyatt
Kunming features 332 guestrooms and suites. The hotel-and-residence tower was topped
out in June 2022. Pre-sale marketing activities for the Residences have been started in July
2023. Completion is scheduled in phases from 2024, while the opening of the Grand Hyatt
Kunming is planned for the first half of 2024.


Center Residences (無錫恒隆府) in Wuxi and Curio Collection by Hilton, a lifestyle
boutique hotel, forms the Phase 2 development of Center 66. The Residences comprise two
high-rise residential towers housing 573 units. In addition, there will be a seven-story new-
build tower and a three-floor heritage building offering a combined total of 106 hotel rooms.
Construction is progressing as planned, and the project is scheduled for completion in
phases from 2024 onwards. The Center Residences pre-sale is expected to be launched in
2024, subject to market conditions, while the opening of Curio Collection by Hilton is planned
in late 2024.


Westlake 66 in Hangzhou is an integrated high-end commercial development comprising a
retail podium, five Grade A office towers, and a luxury hotel: Mandarin Oriental Hangzhou.
The construction works are progressing well, and the project is scheduled for completion in
phases from 2024 onwards. Mandarin Oriental Hangzhou, featuring more than 190 premium
guestrooms and suites, is slated to open in late 2025.


                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   29
The remaining mixed-use development of Forum 66 in Shenyang yields a gross floor area of
more than 500,000 square meters, including Forum Residences (瀋陽恒隆府). Design and
planning works are on-going.


Hong Kong


The construction of 228 Electric Road—a Grade A office tower in North Point—was
completed in the first half of 2023. Consequently, the property’s value was transferred from
investment properties under development to investment properties during the reporting
period. The project is a joint development with our parent company, Hang Lung Group
Limited (Hang Lung Group), and includes a retail area that spans the lower floors.


The pre-sale of The Aperture was launched in December 2021, and construction is targeted
for completion in the first quarter of 2024.


The land acquisition at 37 Shouson Hill Road in the Southern District of Hong Kong Island
was completed in February 2021. The land site will be redeveloped into luxury detached
houses, and the general building plan was approved in August 2022.


FINANCING MANAGEMENT

We have been maintaining an appropriate capital structure with multiple financing channels
to ensure that financial resources are always available to meet operational needs and
expansions. A sufficient level of standby banking facilities and other debt capital fundings is
in place to cushion Hang Lung Properties from any unexpected external economic shocks.
All financial risk management, including debt refinancing, foreign exchange exposure, and
interest rate volatility, is centrally managed and controlled at the corporate level.


Funding needs are closely monitored and regularly reviewed to allow a fair degree of financial
flexibility and liquidity while optimizing the cost of funds. We also maintain various sources of
debt financing to mitigate concentration risks.


For debt portfolio management, we focus on mitigating foreign exchange, interest rate, and
refinancing risks through an appropriate mix of HKD/RMB/USD borrowings, fixed/floating-rate
debts, a staggered debt repayment profile, and a diversified source of funding.




30   Hang Lung Properties Limited
As part of our environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives, Hang Lung Properties
continues to make more use of sustainable finance. During the first half of 2023, we issued
green bonds worth HK$0.4 billion and obtained HK$0.5 billion in green loan facilities. These
are collectively referred to as sustainable finance, which now accounts for 49% of our total
debts and available facilities.


•    Cash Management


Total cash and bank balances at the reporting date by currency:


                                        At June 30, 2023           At December 31, 2022
                                    HK$ Million      % of Total   HK$ Million         % of Total
Denominated in:
    HKD                                   1,527            33%          2,102                40%
    RMB                                   3,028            64%          2,974                57%
    USD                                     157            3%              153                 3%
Total cash and bank balances              4,712          100%           5,229              100%


All deposits are placed with banks carrying strong credit ratings. The counterparty risk is
routinely monitored.


•    Debt Portfolio

At the balance sheet date, total borrowings amounted to HK$47,160 million (December 31,
2022: HK$45,524 million), of which 28% was denominated in RMB to act as a natural hedge
to net investments in mainland China.


Our fixed-rate borrowings primarily consist of medium-term notes (MTNs) and bank loans that
are converted to fixed-rate through the use of interest rate swaps. The percentage of fixed-
rate borrowings stayed flat at 38% of total borrowings as of June 30, 2023. After excluding
the onshore floating-rate debts, the percentage of fixed-rate borrowings would be 52% of
total offshore borrowings as of June 30, 2023 (December 31, 2022: 53%).




                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited    31
The composition of our debt portfolio can be categorized as follows:


(i)     by currency (after currency swap):


                                                At June 30, 2023           At December 31, 2022
                                           HK$ Million        % of Total   HK$ Million   % of Total
Denominated in:
      HKD                                        34,037             72%        32,723         72%
      RMB                                        13,123             28%        12,801         28%
Total borrowings                                 47,160             100%       45,524        100%


(ii)    by fixed or floating interest (after interest rate swap):


                                                At June 30, 2023           At December 31, 2022
                                           HK$ Million        % of Total   HK$ Million   % of Total
Fixed                                            18,087             38%        17,376         38%
Floating                                         29,073             62%        28,148         62%
Total borrowings                                 47,160             100%       45,524        100%


•       Gearing Ratios


At the reporting date, the net debt balance amounted to HK$42,448 million (December 31,
2022: HK$40,295 million). The net debt to equity ratio was 30.4% (December 31, 2022:
28.1%), and the debt to equity ratio was 33.7% (December 31, 2022: 31.8%). The net debt
to equity ratio increase was largely due to capital expenditures in both mainland China and
Hong Kong.




32     Hang Lung Properties Limited
•      Maturity Profile and Refinancing


At the balance sheet date, the average tenure of the entire loan portfolio was 3.2 years
(December 31, 2022: 3.2 years). The maturity profile was staggered over more than 10 years.
Around 72% of the loans were repayable after two years.


                                              At June 30, 2023         At December 31, 2022
                                          HK$ Million     % of Total   HK$ Million        % of Total
Repayable:
    Within 1 year                              4,130             9%         4,533                10%
    After 1 but within 2 years                 8,837             19%        8,112                18%
    After 2 but within 5 years                29,086             61%       27,621                61%
    Over 5 years                               5,107             11%        5,258                11%
Total borrowings                              47,160          100%         45,524              100%


As of June 30, 2023, total undrawn committed banking facilities amounted to HK$16,880
million (December 31, 2022: HK$21,374 million). The available balances of the US$4 billion
(December 31, 2022: US$4 billion) MTN program amounted to US$2,255 million, equivalent
to HK$17,677 million (December 31, 2022: HK$18,343 million).


•      Net Finance Costs and Interest Cover


For the first half of 2023, gross finance costs rose by 20% to HK$881 million following the
higher average effective cost of borrowing, which was at 3.9% (2022: 3.5%), attributed to the
hike in average interest rates, and the increase in borrowings for capital expenditure.


The net amount charged to the statement of profit or loss (after excluding capitalized
amounts) increased to HK$299 million accordingly.


Interest cover for the six months of 2023 was 4.2 times (2022: 4.9 times).




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   33
•     Foreign Exchange Management


The primary exchange rate risk that we are exposed to is RMB fluctuations. Such RMB
exposure is mainly derived from the currency translation risk arising from the net assets of our
subsidiaries in mainland China.


We practice the strict discipline of not speculating on the movement of the RMB against the
HKD and maintain an appropriate level of RMB resources for capital requirements in mainland
China, including cash inflows from local operations and RMB borrowings. Regular business
reviews are carried out to assess the level of funding needed for our mainland China projects,
taking into account factors such as regulatory constraints, project development timelines, and
the market environment. Appropriate modifications to our funding plan will be conducted in
light of any changes in circumstances.

As of June 30, 2023, net assets denominated in RMB accounted for approximately 74%
of our total net assets. The RMB depreciated against the HKD by 3.1% compared with
December 31, 2022. The translation of these net assets from RMB into HKD at the exchange
rate as of the reporting date resulted in a translation loss of HK$3,394 million (2022: loss of
HK$5,011 million), recognized in other comprehensive income/exchange reserve.


•     Charge of Assets


Assets of Hang Lung Properties were not charged to third parties as of June 30, 2023.


•     Contingent Liabilities


Hang Lung Properties had no material contingent liabilities as of June 30, 2023.




34   Hang Lung Properties Limited
CORPORATE INITIATIVES

Accelerating Sustainability Progress Through Partnerships


Hang Lung recognizes the importance of collaborating with like-minded partners to accelerate
sustainability progress by addressing systemic challenges and amplifying positive impacts.
As the next important step after announcing a first-of-its-kind sustainability partnership
agreement between Hang Lung and LVMH Group in October 2022, the two Groups
worked together to formulate an ambitious agenda for sustainability action. The Common
Charter: Joining Forces to Accelerate Change plan outlines 20 innovative actions under four
pillars, including Climate Resilience, Resource Management, People and Wellbeing, and
Sustainability Governance, which will be pursued starting in 2023. This follows the Groups’
inaugural Real Estate & Climate Forum, held in November 2022, which brought together
hundreds of thought leaders and stakeholders and generated more than 200 ideas. An
updated Charter will be provided in March 2024 and March 2025, including updates on
previously agreed actions as well as newly identified actions.


Hang Lung has also further bolstered its collaboration with Tsinghua University by establishing
the Hang Lung Center for Real Estate at Tsinghua University. The Center will concentrate
on industry–university collaborations in the fields of sustainability, proptech innovations, and
exceptional talent cultivation. We have also initiated a “Sustainable Real Estate Scheme” for
Tsinghua University teachers and postgraduates, which funds creative academic research
projects on topics such as green buildings, healthy buildings, low-carbon development, and
digitalization, and helps promote the incorporation of the findings into daily life.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   35
Promoting Youth Development and Diversity & Inclusion


The inaugural edition of the nationwide “Hang Lung Future Women Leaders Program”
(the Program) concluded with great success in June 2023. Since the Program’s launch,
around 180 participating female university students—75% of them being the first in three
generations of their families to attend university—received more than 6,300 hours of training
and mentorship. The Program led to the creation and implementation of 31 sustainable
community projects, benefiting 4,500 people and aligning with the United Nations Sustainable
Development Goals. Furthermore, it advocated the spirit of building a society that values
diversity and inclusion, which will be widely promoted as the students continue to exercise
leadership and influence in their careers, contributing to a more sustainable future. The
Program also fostered exchange and cooperation between Hong Kong and mainland China.
Shanghai–Hong Kong Inspiration Talks were held to bring together female leaders from Hong
Kong and the Mainland, while the top three Hong Kong performers were awarded the chance
to visit Hang Lung in Shanghai and go on exchange with Shanghai students. We will also offer
over 20 placements with Hang Lung and our mentor partners to outstanding participants.


Attaining a WELL HSR Rating for over 80% of Our Total Construction Floor Area


Hang Lung is committed to maintaining a healthy, inclusive, and safe environment for our
employees, customers, and communities. In January 2023, we achieved the WELL Health-
Safety Rating (WELL HSR) from the International WELL Building Institute, which covers 19
properties including an office tower in Hong Kong and all our shopping malls and office towers
across eight cities on the Mainland. WELL HSR was created in response to the COVID-19
pandemic and consists of operational interventions that can be made to help mitigate the
spread of the virus and similar diseases. As the world moves beyond the pandemic, the
WELL HSR seal at our properties indicates confidence and trust that the Company has
achieved third-party verification for evidence-based measures and best practices for health
and safety. As of June 30, 2023, over 80% of our total construction floor area is certified with
the WELL HSR.




36   Hang Lung Properties Limited
OUTLOOK

Looking ahead, both international and domestic uncertainties will have vital impacts on our
business operations. In general, economies across the globe remain sluggish coming out of
COVID-19, with relatively low GDPs and rising interest rates. We will continue to double down
on our efforts, with our proactive placemaking initiatives and strong tenant engagements,
in overcoming these challenges ahead. With these efforts, along with our well-positioned
geographical and business diversification, as well as our established CRM platforms, we are
confident in our overall business outlook.


On the Mainland, our luxury malls have proven their strengths in overcoming numerous
challenges over the years. We will continue to dedicate our efforts to rolling out talk-of-the-
town marketing campaigns and leveraging our HOUSE 66 CRM program to reinforce our
malls’ positioning and strengthen our relationships with loyal customers. For our sub-luxury
malls, we are determined to rebuild the occupancy in Palace 66 in Shenyang and Riverside
66 in Tianjin with the right mix of tenants to return these malls to a growth trajectory. Another
sub-luxury mall, Parc 66 in Jinan, will continue to benefit from the completion of the first
phase of its AEI. Our office portfolio is expected to maintain rental growth despite a complex
market environment, as demand still outweighs the limited supply of genuinely Grade A office
towers. Conrad Shenyang will continue to reap the rewards of restriction-free travel while we
look forward to the introduction of our second premium hotel, Grand Hyatt Kunming, in the
first half of 2024.


As a key player with deep roots in Hong Kong, we are ready to do our part in strengthening
the city’s position as the preferred destination for both businesses and tourists. Equally
important, we will provide our loyal customers in Hong Kong with elevated shopping
experiences through our “hello Hang Lung Malls Rewards Program”. For our office portfolio,
we will continue to implement measures to sustain our occupancy in our existing buildings
while we welcome our newest member, 228 Electric Road, which was recently completed.
We will continue to seek opportunities to enhance our Hong Kong portfolio through AEI and
capital recycling exercises.


Preparation is underway for the public launches of our premium serviced residences brand
on the Mainland, Hang Lung Residences (comprising Heartland Residences in Wuhan, Grand
Hyatt Residences in Kunming, and Center Residences in Wuxi), with the timing of the launch
subject to market conditions. The first batch of units at Heartland Residences is targeted for
handover to buyers in late 2023. In Hong Kong, the transaction completion of The Aperture
is slightly deferred to mid-2024, at which point the revenue from pre-sale efforts will be
recognized.
                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   37
Other Information

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

We are committed to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance. During
the six months ended June 30, 2023, we adopted corporate governance principles that
emphasize a qualified Board of Directors (the “Board”), sound internal controls, and effective
risk management to enhance transparency and accountability towards our stakeholders.
The general framework of our corporate governance practices is set out in our corporate
governance report in the 2022 annual report, which is available on our website under “Financial
Report” in the “Financial Information” subsection of the “Investor” section.


The Board


The Board currently consists of 9 members: comprising four Executive Directors and five
Independent Non-Executive Directors. There is a clear division of responsibilities between
the Chair and the Chief Executive Officer to ensure a balance of power and authority. The
Board continues to review its practices from time to time, constantly seeking to improve
the corporate governance procedures of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) in
accordance with international best practices. An updated list of Board members identifying
their roles and functions and whether they are Independent Non-Executive Directors is
maintained on both our website and the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
Limited (“HKEX”). The biographical details of Board members are also maintained on our
website under “Our Management” of the “Corporate Governance” section.


Nomination and Remuneration Committee


Our Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which is chaired by an Independent Non-
Executive Director, currently consists of three Independent Non-Executive Directors. The
Committee members meet at least once a year. Its duties include reviewing significant
changes to the salary structure within the Group and the terms and conditions affecting
Executive Board Members and senior management. The Committee members also conduct
regular reviews of the Board’s structure, size and diversity, and make recommendations to
the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and succession planning of Directors of the
Board. The terms of reference of the Committee are available on both our website under
“Nomination & Remuneration Committee” of the “Corporate Governance” section, and the
website of HKEX.




38   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Audit Committee


Our Audit Committee, which is chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director, currently
consists of three Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Committee members meet at
least four times a year. Meetings are normally attended by external and internal auditors, the
Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary for the purposes of, inter alia, discussing
the nature and scope of internal audit work and assessing the Company’s internal controls.
The terms of reference of the Committee, which include duties pertaining to corporate
governance functions and the oversight of risk management, are available on both our
website under “Audit Committee” of the “Corporate Governance” section, and the website
of HKEX. The Audit Committee has reviewed this interim report, including the unaudited
interim financial report for the six months ended June 30, 2023, and has recommended their
adoption by the Board.


This interim financial report is unaudited but has been reviewed by KPMG, our auditor, in
accordance with the Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim
financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity, issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Independent Auditor’s Review Report is
set out on pages 48 and 49 of this interim report.


Compliance with Corporate Governance Code


During the six months ended June 30, 2023, we complied with the code provisions set out in
the Corporate Governance Code as stated in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing
of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
Exchange”).


Compliance with Model Code contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules


We have adopted a code of conduct with regard to securities transactions by Directors of the
Board (the “Code of Conduct”) on terms that are no less exacting than the required standard
set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained
in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”). The Company has made specific
enquiries with all Directors of the Board and confirmed that they have complied with the
required standard set out in the Model Code and the Code of Conduct regarding securities
transactions by Directors of the Board throughout the six months ended June 30, 2023.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   39
D IRECT OR S ’ I N T E R E S T S A ND SHO RT PO SI TI O NS I N SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at June 30, 2023, the interests or short positions of each of the Directors of the Board
in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the
“SFO”)) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant
to Part XV of the SFO or pursuant to the Model Code or which were recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO are as follows:

                                                              The Company                     Hang Lung Group Limited
                                                             (Long Positions)                      (Long Positions)
                                                                % of Total        Number                       % of Total
                                                                  Number          of Share                       Number
                                                Number           of Issued        Options         Number       of Issued
Name                  Capacity                 of Shares            Shares         (Note 3)     of Shares         Shares


Ronnie C. Chan        Personal & Other        17,155,000              0.38      17,600,000     40,369,500             2.96
                                                                                                    (Note 1)
Adriel Chan           Personal & Other     2,733,898,340             60.76      13,200,000    551,002,580          40.47
                                                  (Note 2)                                     (Notes 1 & 2)
Weber W.P. Lo         Personal                   790,000              0.02      21,750,000        290,000             0.02
Nelson W.L. Yuen      Personal                 8,000,000              0.18               –                –             –
Dominic C.F. Ho       –                                 –                –               –                –             –
Philip N.L. Chen      Personal                          –                –       5,000,000                –             –
Andrew K.C. Chan      –                                 –                –               –                –             –
Anita Y.M. Fung       –                                 –                –               –                –             –
Kenneth K.K. Chiu     Personal                          –                –       6,200,000                –             –


Notes:

1.    Other interests included 28,579,500 shares of Hang Lung Group Limited (“HLG”), the holding company of the
      Company, held by a trust of which Mr. Ronnie C. Chan was a discretionary beneficiary, and Mr. Adriel Chan was a
      settlor and a discretionary beneficiary. Accordingly, Mr. Ronnie C. Chan and Mr. Adriel Chan were deemed to be
      interested in such shares under the SFO.

2.    Other interests included 2,733,898,340 shares of the Company and another 522,423,080 shares of HLG held or
      deemed to be held by another trust of which Mr. Adriel Chan was a discretionary beneficiary. Accordingly, Mr. Adriel
      Chan was deemed to be interested in such shares under the SFO.




40   Hang Lung Properties Limited
3.   Movements of Directors’ share options under the share option scheme of the Company adopted on April 18, 2012 (the
     “2012 Share Option Scheme”) and another share option scheme of the Company adopted on April 27, 2022 (the “2022
     Share Option Scheme”) are set out under the section below headed under “Share Option Schemes”.


Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors of the Board had, as at June 30, 2023, any
interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or
any associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO).


Other than as stated above, at no time during the six months ended June 30, 2023 was
the Company, its holding company or any of their respective subsidiaries a party to any
arrangement to enable the Directors of the Board to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.


SHARE OPTION SCHEMES

The purposes of the 2012 Share Option Scheme and the 2022 Share Option Scheme
(together, the “Share Option Schemes”) are to enable the Company to grant options to
selected participants as incentives or rewards for their contributions to the Group, to attract
skilled and experienced personnel, to incentivize them to remain with the Group and to
motivate them to strive for the future development and expansion of the Group by providing
them with the opportunity to acquire equity interest in the Company.


Under the Share Option Schemes, the Board is authorized to grant options to selected
participants, including employees and directors of any company in the Group, subject to the
terms and conditions such as performance targets as the Board may specify on a case-by-
case basis or generally.




                                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   41
Pursuant to the resolutions passed by the shareholders of HLG and the Company at their
respective annual general meetings held on April 27, 2022, the 2022 Share Option Scheme
was adopted on the same date. Upon the adoption of the 2022 Share Option Scheme, the
2012 Share Option Scheme was terminated. As at January 1, 2023, no further share option
shall be granted under the 2012 Share Option Scheme and the total number of share options
available for grant under the 2022 Share Option Scheme was 337,444,550.


During the six months ended June 30, 2023, 54,569,000 options were granted under the
2022 Share Option Scheme. As at June 30, 2023, the total number of share options available
for grant under the 2022 Share Option Scheme was 282,875,550. As at the date of this
interim report, the total number of shares available for issue in respect of the share options
granted under the 2012 Share Option Scheme and the 2022 Share Option Scheme were
215,978,600 and 54,147,000, respectively, representing approximately 4.8% and 1.2% of the
total number of issued shares of the Company. As at the date of this interim report, the total
number of shares available for issue in respect of which options may be granted under the
2022 Share Option Scheme is 282,875,550, representing approximately 6.29% of the total
number of issued shares of the Company.


The total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of options (including both
exercised and outstanding) granted to each participant under the 2012 Share Option Scheme
and the 2022 Share Option Scheme in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the
shares of the Company in issue.


The number of shares that may be issued in respect of options granted under the Share
Option Schemes during the six months ended June 30, 2023 divided by the weighted
average number of ordinary shares in issue for the six months ended June 30, 2023 is 0.02.
The Share Option Schemes do not provide for any minimum vesting period. The vesting
period, the period open for acceptance of the option and amount payable thereon, the
exercisable period and the number of shares subject to each option under the Share Option
Schemes are determined by the Board at the time of grant.




42   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Movements of share options under the 2012 Share Option Scheme were set out below:

                                                         Number of Share Options

                                                                                Lapsed/                     Exercise
                Category of          Outstanding     Granted    Exercised      Forfeited    Outstanding        Price             Vesting          Expiry
                Participants               as at      during       during          during          as at   per Share              Dates             Date
Date of Grant   (Note 1)             Jan 1, 2023   the Period   the Period   the Period     Jun 30, 2023        HK$               (Note 2)        (Note 2)



Jun 4, 2013     Current Directors:                                                                             28.20    Jun 4, 2015: 10%      Jun 3, 2023
                Ronnie C. Chan         4,500,000           –            –     (4,500,000)             –                 Jun 4, 2016: 20%
                Adriel Chan              200,000           –            –       (200,000)             –                 Jun 4, 2017: 30%
                Philip N.L. Chen       4,500,000           –            –     (4,500,000)             –                 Jun 4, 2018: 40%


                Employees             13,060,000           –            –    (13,060,000)             –

                                      22,260,000           –            –    (22,260,000)             –


Dec 5, 2014     Current Directors:                                                                             22.60    Dec 5, 2016: 10%     Dec 4, 2024
                Ronnie C. Chan         2,750,000           –            –               –     2,750,000                 Dec 5, 2017: 20%
                Adriel Chan              150,000           –            –               –       150,000                 Dec 5, 2018: 30%
                Philip N.L. Chen       2,500,000           –            –               –     2,500,000                 Dec 5, 2019: 40%


                Employees             13,890,000           –            –       (450,000)    13,440,000

                                      19,290,000           –            –       (450,000)    18,840,000


Aug 10, 2017    Current Directors:                                                                             19.98   Aug 10, 2019: 10%     Aug 9, 2027
                Ronnie C. Chan         1,925,000           –            –               –     1,925,000                Aug 10, 2020: 20%
                Adriel Chan            1,850,000           –            –               –     1,850,000                Aug 10, 2021: 30%
                Philip N.L. Chen       2,500,000           –            –               –     2,500,000                Aug 10, 2022: 40%


                Employees             22,380,000           –            –       (860,000)    21,520,000

                                      28,655,000           –            –       (860,000)    27,795,000


May 16, 2018    Current Director:                                                                              18.98   May 16, 2020: 10% May 15, 2028
                Weber W.P. Lo         10,000,000           –            –               –    10,000,000                May 16, 2021: 20%

                                      10,000,000           –            –               –    10,000,000                May 16, 2022: 30%
                                                                                                                       May 16, 2023: 40%


Jun 28, 2019    Current Directors:                                                                             18.58   Jun 28, 2021: 10%     Jun 27, 2029
                Ronnie C. Chan         3,025,000           –            –               –     3,025,000                Jun 28, 2022: 20%
                Adriel Chan            2,200,000           –            –               –     2,200,000                Jun 28, 2023: 30%
                Weber W.P. Lo          2,750,000           –            –               –     2,750,000                Jun 28, 2024: 40%


                Employees             33,891,700           –            –     (1,629,600)    32,262,100

                                      41,866,700           –            –     (1,629,600)    40,237,100


May 12, 2021    Current Directors:                                                                             19.95   May 12, 2023: 10% May 11, 2031
                Ronnie C. Chan         3,300,000           –            –               –     3,300,000                May 12, 2024: 20%
                Adriel Chan            3,000,000           –            –               –     3,000,000                May 12, 2025: 30%
                Weber W.P. Lo          3,000,000           –            –               –     3,000,000                May 12, 2026: 40%


                Employees             49,095,000           –            –     (2,128,000)    46,967,000

                                      58,395,000           –            –     (2,128,000)    56,267,000




                                                                                                                Hang Lung Properties Limited                 43
                                                         Number of Share Options

                                                                                Lapsed/                     Exercise
                Category of          Outstanding     Granted    Exercised      Forfeited    Outstanding        Price            Vesting           Expiry
                Participants               as at      during       during          during          as at   per Share              Dates             Date
Date of Grant   (Note 1)             Jan 1, 2023   the Period   the Period   the Period     Jun 30, 2023        HK$               (Note 2)         (Note 2)



Oct 6, 2021     Current Director:                                                                              17.65    Oct 6, 2023: 10%      Oct 5, 2031
                Kenneth K.K. Chiu      2,000,000            –           –               –     2,000,000                 Oct 6, 2024: 20%

                                       2,000,000            –           –               –     2,000,000                 Oct 6, 2025: 30%
                                                                                                                        Oct 6, 2026: 40%


Feb 21, 2022    Current Directors:                                                                             16.38   Feb 21, 2024: 10%     Feb 20, 2032
                Ronnie C. Chan         3,300,000            –           –               –     3,300,000                Feb 21, 2025: 20%
                Adriel Chan            3,000,000            –           –               –     3,000,000                Feb 21, 2026: 30%
                Weber W.P. Lo          3,000,000            –           –               –     3,000,000                Feb 21, 2027: 40%
                Kenneth K.K. Chiu      2,100,000            –           –               –     2,100,000


                Employees             52,830,000            –           –     (2,630,000)    50,200,000

                                      64,230,000            –           –     (2,630,000)    61,600,000


                Current Directors     61,550,000            –           –     (9,200,000)    52,350,000
                Employees            185,146,700            –           –    (20,757,600)   164,389,100


Total                                246,696,700            –           –    (29,957,600)   216,739,100



Movements of share options under the 2022 Share Option Scheme were set out below:

                                                         Number of Share Options

                                                                                Lapsed/                     Exercise
                Category of          Outstanding     Granted    Exercised      Forfeited    Outstanding        Price            Vesting           Expiry
                Participants               as at      during       during          during          as at   per Share              Dates             Date
Date of Grant   (Note 1)             Jan 1, 2023   the Period   the Period   the Period     Jun 30, 2023        HK$               (Note 2)         (Note 2)



Jun 28, 2023    Current Directors:                                                                             12.49   Jun 28, 2025: 20%     Jun 27, 2033
                Ronnie C. Chan                 –    3,300,000           –               –     3,300,000                Jun 28, 2026: 30%
                Adriel Chan                    –    3,000,000           –               –     3,000,000                Jun 28, 2027: 50%
                Weber W.P. Lo                  –    3,000,000           –               –     3,000,000
                Kenneth K.K. Chiu              –    2,100,000           –               –     2,100,000


                Employees                      –   43,169,000           –               –    43,169,000

                                               –   54,569,000           –               –    54,569,000


                Current Directors              –   11,400,000           –               –    11,400,000
                Employees                      –   43,169,000           –               –    43,169,000


Total                                          –   54,569,000           –               –    54,569,000




44      Hang Lung Properties Limited
Notes:

1.    In respect of the categories of participants, “employees” include current and former employees of the Group and
      persons who were granted share options as an incentive to enter into employment contracts with the Company and/or
      any of its subsidiaries.

2.    Exercise periods of the share options start from the respective vesting dates and end on the respective expiry dates.


Please also refer to note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further details of the
Share Option Schemes.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at June 30, 2023, to the best of the knowledge of the Directors of the Board, details of
substantial shareholders’ and other persons’ (who are required to disclose their interests
pursuant to Part XV of the SFO) interests and short positions in the shares and underlying
shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept under section 336 of
the SFO are as follows:


                                                                                 Number of                    % of Total
                                                                                   Shares or                 Number of
                                                                                 Underlying              Issued Shares
                                                                               Shares Held            (Long Positions)
Name                                                 Note                 (Long Positions)                         (Note 4)


Chan Tan Ching Fen                                     1                     2,733,898,340                           60.76
Cole Enterprises Holdings (PTC) Limited                1                     2,733,898,340                           60.76
Merssion Limited                                       1                     2,733,898,340                           60.76
Adriel Chan                                            1                     2,733,898,340                           60.76
HLG                                                    2                     2,705,565,240                           60.13
Prosperland Housing Limited                            3                     1,267,523,511                           28.17
Purotat Limited                                        3                        354,227,500                           7.87




                                                                                             Hang Lung Properties Limited     45
Notes:

1.    These shares were the same parcel of shares held by controlled corporations of Merssion Limited which was held
      under a trust. As Ms. Chan Tan Ching Fen was the founder, Cole Enterprises Holdings (PTC) Limited was the trustee
      and Mr. Adriel Chan was a discretionary beneficiary of the trust, they were deemed to be interested in such shares
      under the SFO.

      The controlled corporations included HLG in which Merssion Limited had 38.37% interests. Accordingly, the
      2,705,565,240 shares held by HLG through its subsidiaries were included in the 2,733,898,340 shares.

2.    These shares were held by wholly-owned subsidiaries of HLG.

3.    These companies were wholly-owned subsidiaries of HLG. Their interests were included in the 2,705,565,240 shares
      held by HLG.

4.    Shareholding percentages were calculated based on the total number of issued shares of the Company as at June 30,
      2023, being 4,499,260,670 shares.


Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2023, no other interests or short positions in the
shares or underlying shares of the Company required to be recorded in the register kept
under section 336 of the SFO has been notified to the Company.




46   Hang Lung Properties Limited
CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING
RULES

The changes in the information of the Directors of the Board are set out below:


Mr. Ronnie C. Chan
– ceased as a board member of Peterson Institute for International Economics


Mr. Dominic C.F. Ho
– retired as a Non-Executive Chairman of DBS Bank (China) Limited


Ms. Anita Y.M. Fung
– ceased as a Member of the Judicial Officers Recommendation Commission


Save as disclosed above, there is no other information required to be disclosed pursuant to
rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the date of the 2022 annual report of the Company.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

During the six months ended June 30, 2023, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
purchased, sold or redeemed any of its listed securities.


EMPLOYEES

As at June 30, 2023, the number of employees was 4,115 (comprising 988 Hong Kong
employees and 3,127 mainland China employees). The total employee costs for the six
months ended June 30, 2023, amounted to HK$942 million. We provide competitive
remuneration packages for all employees including discretionary bonuses payable based
on individual performance. We regularly review remuneration packages to ensure that they
comply with relevant regulatory requirements and market conditions. The Company has the
Share Option Schemes and provides professional and high-quality trainings for employees.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   47
Independent Auditor’s Review Report




Review report to the Board of Directors of Hang Lung Properties Limited
(Incorporated in the Hong Kong with limited liability)


INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the interim financial report set out on pages 51 to 72 which comprises the
consolidated statement of financial position of Hang Lung Properties Limited (“the Company”)
as at June 30, 2023 and the related consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of
changes in equity and condensed consolidated cash flow statement for the six month
period then ended and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of an interim financial
report to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting
Standard 34, Interim financial reporting, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the interim
financial report in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34.


Our responsibility is to form a conclusion, based on our review, on the interim financial report
and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of
engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements
2410, Review of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the
entity, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A review of the
interim financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong
Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we
would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly,
we do not express an audit opinion.




48   Hang Lung Properties Limited
CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that
the interim financial report as at June 30, 2023 is not prepared, in all material respects, in
accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34, Interim financial reporting.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong


July 31, 2023




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   49
Financial Statements




                        51          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                        52          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                      AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                        53          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                        54          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                        56          CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                        57          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        57          1. BASIS OF PREPARATION
                        59          2. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
                        61          3. OTHER NET INCOME
                        61          4. NET INTEREST EXPENSE
                        62          5. PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
                        62          6. TAXATION IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                    	  PROFIT OR LOSS
                        63          7. DIVIDENDS
                        63          8. EARNINGS PER SHARE
                        64          9. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND INVESTMENT
                                    	  PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT
                        65          10. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                        65          11. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                        66          12. SHARE CAPITAL
                        66          13. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES
                        69          14. RESERVES
                        70          15. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                        72          16. COMMITMENTS
                        72          17. REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT




50   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
For the six months ended June 30, 2023 (Unaudited)


                                                                                  For information purpose only
                                                          2023           2022          2023             2022
                                            Note     HK$ Million    HK$ Million   RMB Million      RMB Million
Revenue                                      2(a)          5,237         5,302           4,626            4,383
Direct costs and operating expenses                       (1,413)       (1,594)         (1,247)          (1,316)
                                                          3,824          3,708           3,379            3,067
Other net income                              3              20             12              18               10
Administrative expenses                                    (325)          (306)           (287)            (253)
Profit from operations before changes
  in fair value of properties                             3,519          3,414           3,110            2,824
Increase/(decrease) in fair value of
  properties                                                251           (221)            229             (189)
Profit from operations after changes in
  fair value of properties                                3,770          3,193           3,339            2,635
Interest income                                               39            30               35              25
Finance costs                                               (299)         (254)            (265)           (211)
Net interest expense                          4             (260)         (224)            (230)           (186)
Share of profits of joint ventures                            20            11               18               9
Profit before taxation                        5           3,530          2,980           3,127            2,458
Taxation                                      6            (798)          (723)           (707)            (599)
Profit for the period                        2(b)         2,732          2,257           2,420            1,859
Attributable to:
  Shareholders                                            2,394          1,948           2,120            1,603
  Non-controlling interests                                 338            309             300              256
Profit for the period                                     2,732          2,257           2,420            1,859
Earnings per share                           8(a)
 Basic                                                 HK$0.53        HK$0.43        RMB0.47         RMB0.36
 Diluted                                               HK$0.53        HK$0.43        RMB0.47         RMB0.36




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

                                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited    51
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
For the six months ended June 30, 2023 (Unaudited)


                                                                                      For information purpose only
                                                             2023           2022           2023            2022
                                                        HK$ Million    HK$ Million    RMB Million     RMB Million
Profit for the period                                        2,732          2,257            2,420         1,859
Other comprehensive income
Items that are or may be reclassified
   subsequently to profit or loss:
   Movement in exchange reserve:
     Exchange difference arising from translation
       to presentation currency                              (3,398)       (5,015)           1,126         1,499
     Gain on net investment hedge                                 4             4                4             4
   Movement in hedging reserve:
     Effective portion of changes in fair value                  77            95               69             79
     Net amount transferred to profit or loss                   (48)          (11)             (42)             (9)
     Deferred tax                                                (7)          (13)              (6)           (11)
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
   Net change in fair value of equity investments                 1             (1)              1             (1)
Other comprehensive income for the period,
 net of tax                                                  (3,371)       (4,941)           1,152         1,561
Total comprehensive income for the period                      (639)       (2,684)           3,572         3,420
Attributable to:
  Shareholders                                                 (649)       (2,517)           3,283         3,163
  Non-controlling interests                                      10          (167)             289           257
Total comprehensive income for the period                      (639)       (2,684)           3,572         3,420




52   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At June 30, 2023


                                               (Unaudited)    (Audited)   For information purpose only
                                                 June 30, December 31,      June 30, December 31,
                                                    2023        2022           2023        2022
                                        Note   HK$ Million HK$ Million    RMB Million RMB Million
Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment
   Investment properties                 9        166,826     167,861         154,148          150,043
   Investment properties under
     development                         9         21,494      22,703           19,817          20,283
   Other property, plant and
     equipment                                        336          320             310              286
                                                  188,656     190,884         174,275          170,612
  Interests in joint ventures                       1,119       1,130           1,038            1,011
  Other assets                                         78          77              72               69
  Deferred tax assets                                 140         140             130              125
                                                  189,993     192,231         175,515          171,817
Current assets
 Cash and deposits with banks                       4,712       5,229            4,356           4,677
 Trade and other receivables            10          3,714       3,560            3,433           3,182
 Properties for sale                               12,189      11,668           11,273          10,433
                                                   20,615      20,457           19,062          18,292
Current liabilities
 Bank loans and other borrowings                    4,130        4,533           3,818            4,053
 Trade and other payables               11          9,552        9,829           8,824            8,785
 Lease liabilities                                     28           27              26               24
 Current tax payable                                  502          434             464              388
                                                   14,212      14,823           13,132          13,250
Net current assets                                  6,403        5,634           5,930            5,042
Total assets less current liabilities             196,396     197,865         181,445          176,859
Non-current liabilities
 Bank loans and other borrowings                   43,030      40,991           39,851          36,666
 Lease liabilities                                    253         266              233             238
 Deferred tax liabilities                          13,265      13,462           12,233          12,026
                                                   56,548      54,719           52,317          48,930
NET ASSETS                                        139,848     143,146         129,128          127,929
Capital and reserves
 Share capital                          12         39,950      39,950           37,462          37,462
 Reserves                                          90,123      93,431           82,655          81,745
Shareholders’ equity                              130,073     133,381         120,117          119,207
Non-controlling interests                           9,775       9,765           9,011            8,722
TOTAL EQUITY                                      139,848     143,146         129,128          127,929




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited   53
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the six months ended June 30, 2023 (Unaudited)


HK$ Million                                          Shareholders’ equity
                                                                                                Non-
                                         Share          Other     Retained                 controlling     Total
                                        capital      reserves       profits       Total      interests    equity
                                      (Note 12)      (Note 14)    (Note 14)
At January 1, 2023                      39,950          (3,308)     96,739      133,381         9,765    143,146
Profit for the period                         –              –       2,394        2,394           338      2,732
Exchange difference arising from
     translation to presentation
     currency                                 –         (3,070)             –    (3,070)         (328)    (3,398)
Gain on net investment hedge                  –              4              –         4             –          4
Cash flow hedges: net movement
     in hedging reserve                       –            22               –       22              –        22
Net change in fair value of equity
     investments                              –              1              –         1             –          1
Total comprehensive income for
     the period                              –          (3,043)      2,394         (649)           10       (639)
Final dividend in respect of
     previous year                           –               –      (2,699)      (2,699)            –     (2,699)
Employee share-based payments                –           (144)         184          40              –        40
At June 30, 2023                        39,950          (6,495)     96,618      130,073         9,775    139,848


At January 1, 2022                      39,950          5,368       96,401      141,719        10,665    152,384
Profit for the period                         –              –       1,948        1,948           309      2,257
Exchange difference arising from
     translation to presentation
     currency                                 –         (4,539)             –    (4,539)         (476)    (5,015)
Gain on net investment hedge                  –              4              –         4             –          4
Cash flow hedges: net movement
     in hedging reserve                       –            71               –       71              –        71
Net change in fair value of equity
     investments                              –             (1)             –        (1)            –         (1)
Total comprehensive income for
     the period                              –          (4,465)      1,948       (2,517)         (167)    (2,684)
Final dividend in respect of
     previous year                           –               –      (2,699)      (2,699)            –     (2,699)
Employee share-based payments                –             37               8       45              –        45
At June 30, 2022                        39,950            940       95,658      136,548        10,498    147,046




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

54     Hang Lung Properties Limited
For information purpose only

RMB Million                                    Shareholders’ equity
                                                                                          Non-
                                     Share        Other     Retained                 controlling         Total
                                     capital   reserves       profits       Total      interests        equity
At January 1, 2023                   37,462         995       80,750      119,207         8,722       127,929
Profit for the period                     –            –       2,120        2,120           300          2,420
Exchange difference arising from
  translation to presentation
  currency                                –       1,137               –     1,137           (11)         1,126
Gain on net investment hedge              –            4              –         4              –                4
Cash flow hedges: net movement
  in hedging reserve                      –          21               –       21               –               21
Net change in fair value of equity
  investments                             –            1              –         1              –                1
Total comprehensive income for
  the period                              –       1,163        2,120        3,283           289          3,572
Final dividend in respect of
  previous year                           –            –      (2,408)      (2,408)             –        (2,408)
Employee share-based payments             –        (134)         169          35               –               35
At June 30, 2023                     37,462       2,024       80,631      120,117         9,011       129,128


At January 1, 2022                   37,462       (2,086)     80,495      115,871         8,720       124,591
Profit for the period                     –            –       1,603        1,603           256          1,859
Exchange difference arising from
  translation to presentation
  currency                                –       1,498               –     1,498             1          1,499
Gain on net investment hedge              –            4              –         4              –                4
Cash flow hedges: net movement
  in hedging reserve                      –          59               –       59               –               59
Net change in fair value of equity
  investments                             –           (1)             –        (1)             –               (1)
Total comprehensive income for
  the period                              –       1,560        1,603        3,163           257          3,420
Final dividend in respect of
  previous year                           –            –      (2,311)      (2,311)             –        (2,311)
Employee share-based payments             –          31               7       38               –               38
At June 30, 2022                     37,462        (495)      79,794      116,761         8,977       125,738




                                                                                Hang Lung Properties Limited        55
Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
For the six months ended June 30, 2023 (Unaudited)


                                                                                  For information purpose only
                                                          2023           2022          2023            2022
                                                     HK$ Million    HK$ Million   RMB Million     RMB Million
Operating activities
     Cash generated from operations                       2,802          2,500           2,484         2,072
     Income tax paid                                        (532)         (637)           (468)         (535)
Net cash generated from operating
 activities                                               2,270          1,863           2,016         1,537
Investing activities
     Payment for property, plant and equipment            (1,240)       (1,387)         (1,104)        (1,156)
     (Increase)/decrease in bank deposits with
        maturity greater than 3 months                      (193)           30            (170)           25
     Other cash flows arising from investing
      activities                                             86             40              76            33
Net cash used in investing activities                     (1,347)       (1,317)         (1,198)        (1,098)
Financing activities
     Proceeds from new bank loans and other
       borrowings                                        23,387         16,323         20,671         13,565
     Repayment of bank loans and other
      borrowings                                         (21,373)      (17,069)        (18,891)      (14,147)
     Interest and other borrowing costs paid                (833)         (709)           (736)         (588)
     Dividend paid                                        (2,699)       (2,699)         (2,408)        (2,311)
     Other cash flows used in financing activities           (14)          (15)            (13)           (13)
Net cash used in financing activities                     (1,532)       (4,169)         (1,377)        (3,494)
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                       (609)       (3,623)           (559)        (3,055)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                      (93)         (131)             66           159
Cash and cash equivalents at January 1                    5,148          8,391           4,604         6,860
Cash and cash equivalents at June 30                      4,446          4,637           4,111         3,964
Analysis of the balance of cash and
 cash equivalents
Cash and deposits with banks                              4,712          4,730           4,356         4,044
Less: Bank deposits with maturity greater
       than 3 months                                        (266)          (93)           (245)           (80)
Cash and cash equivalents at June 30                      4,446          4,637           4,111         3,964




56     Hang Lung Properties Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

1. BASIS OF PREPARATION

   The unaudited interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with Hong
   Kong Accounting Standard (HKAS) 34, Interim Financial Reporting, issued by the Hong
   Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA) and the applicable disclosure
   provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
   Hong Kong Limited.


   The preparation of interim financial report in conformity with HKAS 34 requires
   management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application
   of policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses on a year-to-
   date basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


   The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG in accordance
   with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial
   information performed by the independent auditor of the entity, issued by the HKICPA.
   KPMG’s independent review report to the Board of Directors is included on pages 48 to
   49.


   The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting
   Standards (HKFRSs) that are first effective for the current accounting period of the
   Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”). These developments have no
   material effect on how the Group’s results and financial position for the current or prior
   periods have been prepared or presented in this interim financial report. The Group has
   not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current
   accounting period.


   The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the same accounting
   policies adopted in the 2022 annual financial statements.




                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited   57
1. BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

      The presentation currency of these consolidated financial statements is Hong Kong dollar.
      In view of the Group’s significant business operations in mainland China, management
      has included additional financial information prepared in Renminbi in the consolidated
      financial statements. Such supplementary information is prepared on the same basis as
      2022 as if the presentation currency is Renminbi.


      The financial information relating to the financial year ended December 31, 2022
      included in the interim financial report as comparative information does not constitute the
      Company’s statutory annual consolidated financial statements for that financial year but
      is derived from those financial statements. Further information relating to these statutory
      financial statements disclosed in accordance with section 436 of the Hong Kong
      Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) is as follows:


      The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended December 31,
      2022 to the Registrar of Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of
      Schedule 6 to, the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


      The Company’s auditor has reported on those financial statements. The auditor’s
      report was unqualified; did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditor
      drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying its report; and did not contain
      a statement under sections 406(2), 407(2) or 407(3) of the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance.




58   Hang Lung Properties Limited
2. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

  The Group manages businesses according to the nature of services and products
  provided. Management has determined property leasing and property sales to be the
  reportable operating segments for the measurement of performance and the allocation of
  resources.


  Segment assets principally comprise all non-current assets and current assets directly
  attributable to each segment with the exception of interests in joint ventures, other
  assets, deferred tax assets and cash and deposits with banks.


  (a) Disaggregation of revenue


      Revenue for the six months ended June 30, 2023 is analyzed as follows:


      HK$ Million                                               2023                    2022
      Under the scope of HKFRS 16, Leases:
      Rental income                                             4,625                  4,409
      Under the scope of HKFRS 15, Revenue
       from contracts with customers:
      Sales of completed properties                                  –                   316
      Building management fees and other income
       from property leasing                                      612                    577
                                                                  612                    893
                                                                5,237                  5,302




                                                                Hang Lung Properties Limited   59
2. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

      (b) Revenue and results by segments


            HK$ Million                                      2023                             2022
                                                 Property Property               Property    Property
                                                  Leasing    Sales      Total     Leasing       Sales     Total

            Revenue
              – Mainland China                      3,554           –   3,554      3,367             –   3,367
              – Hong Kong                           1,683           –   1,683      1,619         316     1,935

                                                    5,237           –   5,237      4,986         316     5,302
            Profit/(loss) from operations
              before changes in fair value
              of properties
              – Mainland China                      2,278      (20)     2,258      2,085          (19)   2,066
              – Hong Kong                           1,264       (3)     1,261      1,196         152     1,348

                                                    3,542      (23)     3,519      3,281         133     3,414
            Increase/(decrease) in fair value
              of properties                          251            –    251        (221)            –    (221)
              – Mainland China                       216            –    216        (149)            –    (149)
              – Hong Kong                             35            –     35          (72)           –     (72)
            Net interest expense                     (260)          –    (260)      (224)            –    (224)

              – Interest income                       39            –     39          30             –      30
              – Finance costs                        (299)          –    (299)      (254)            –    (254)

            Share of profits of joint ventures        20            –     20          11             –      11

            Profit/(loss) before taxation           3,553      (23)     3,530      2,847         133     2,980
            Taxation                                 (800)          2    (798)      (698)         (25)    (723)

            Profit/(loss) for the period            2,753      (21)     2,732      2,149         108     2,257
            Net profit/(loss) attributable to
             shareholders                           2,415      (21)     2,394      1,840         108     1,948




60   Hang Lung Properties Limited
2. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

  (c) Total segment assets


      HK$ Million                           June 30, 2023                 December 31, 2022
                                     Property Property               Property    Property
                                      Leasing    Sales       Total    Leasing       Sales        Total

      Mainland China                 128,763     5,745   134,508     131,472       5,494     136,966
      Hong Kong                       63,530     6,521      70,051    62,766       6,380       69,146

                                     192,293    12,266   204,559     194,238      11,874     206,112
      Interests in joint ventures                            1,119                              1,130
      Other assets                                             78                                      77
      Deferred tax assets                                     140                                 140
      Cash and deposits with banks                           4,712                              5,229

                                                         210,608                             212,688


3. OTHER NET INCOME

  HK$ Million                                                           2023                    2022
  Government grants                                                         5                      11
  Gain on disposal of investment properties                                11                       –
  Others                                                                    4                       1
                                                                           20                      12

4. NET INTEREST EXPENSE

  HK$ Million                                                           2023                    2022
  Interest income on bank deposits                                         39                      30
  Interest expense on bank loans and other borrowings                     835                    689
  Interest on lease liabilities                                             7                      8
  Other borrowing costs                                                    39                     36
  Total borrowing costs                                                   881                     733
  Less: Borrowing costs capitalized                                      (582)                   (479)
  Finance costs                                                           299                    254
  Net interest expense                                                   (260)                   (224)




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited        61
5. PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

      HK$ Million                                                                            2023                   2022
      Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:
       Cost of properties sold                                                                  –                     135
       Staff costs (Note)                                                                     779                     779
       Depreciation                                                                            46                      49

      Note: The staff costs included employee share-based payments of HK$40 million (2022: HK$45 million). If the amounts
            not recognized in the statement of profit or loss, including amounts capitalized, were accounted for, staff costs
            would have been HK$942 million (2022: HK$937 million).


6. TAXATION IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS

      Provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% (2022: 16.5%) of the
      estimated assessable profits for the period. Mainland China Income Tax represents
      mainland China Corporate Income Tax calculated at 25% (2022: 25%) and mainland
      China withholding income tax calculated at the applicable rates. The withholding tax rate
      applicable to Hong Kong companies in respect of dividend distributions from foreign
      investment enterprises in mainland China was 5% (2022: 5%).


      HK$ Million                                                                            2023                   2022
      Current tax
       Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                                  159                     154
       Mainland China Income Tax                                                              447                     448
        Total current tax                                                                     606                     602
      Deferred tax
       Changes in fair value of properties                                                      43                      18
       Other origination and reversal of
         temporary differences                                                                149                     103
        Total deferred tax                                                                    192                     121
      Total income tax expense                                                                798                     723




62   Hang Lung Properties Limited
7. DIVIDENDS

  (a) Interim dividend


      HK$ Million                                                                    2023                   2022
      Proposed after the end of the reporting period:
       HK18 cents (2022: HK18 cents) per share                                        810                    810

      The dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognized
      as a liability at the end of the reporting period.


  (b) Final dividend approved and paid during the six months ended June 30, 2023


      HK$ Million                                                                    2023                   2022
      2022 final dividend of HK60 cents
       (2021: HK60 cents) per share                                                 2,699                  2,699

8. EARNINGS PER SHARE

  (a) The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the following
      data:


      HK$ Million                                                                    2023                   2022
      Net profit attributable to shareholders                                       2,394                  1,948

                                                                                Number of shares
                                                                                     2023                   2022
      Weighted average number of shares used in
       calculating basic and diluted earnings
       per share (Note)                                                 4,499,260,670          4,499,260,670

      Note: Diluted earnings per share was the same as the basic earnings per share for the periods as there were no
            dilutive potential ordinary shares in existence during both periods.




                                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited   63
8. EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)

      (b) The underlying net profit attributable to shareholders, which excluded changes in
          fair value of properties net of related income tax and non-controlling interests, is
          calculated as follows:

            HK$ Million                                               2023             2022
            Net profit attributable to shareholders                   2,394            1,948
            Effect of changes in fair value of properties              (251)             221
            Effect of income tax for changes in fair value of
             properties                                                  43               18
            Effect of changes in fair value of investment
             properties of joint ventures                                 –                7
                                                                       (208)             246
            Non-controlling interests                                    39               23
                                                                       (169)             269
            Underlying net profit attributable to shareholders        2,225            2,217

            The earnings per share based on underlying net profit attributable to shareholders
            was:

                                                                      2023             2022
            Basic                                                 HK$0.49           HK$0.49
            Diluted                                               HK$0.49           HK$0.49

9. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES UNDER
   DEVELOPMENT

      (a) Additions


            During the six months ended June 30, 2023, additions to investment properties and
            investment properties under development amounted to HK$1,569 million (2022:
            HK$1,100 million).


      (b) Valuation


            The investment properties and investment properties under development of the
            Group were revalued as of June 30, 2023 by Mr. Charles C.K. Chan, Registered
            Professional Surveyor (General Practice), of Savills Valuation and Professional
            Services Limited, on a market value basis.

64   Hang Lung Properties Limited
10. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

  (a) Included in trade and other receivables are trade receivables (based on the due date)
      with the following aging analysis:


      HK$ Million                                              June 30,       December 31,
                                                                  2023               2022
      Not past due or less than 1 month past due                     121                    116
      1 – 3 months past due                                            9                     27
      More than 3 months past due                                      2                      4
                                                                     132                    147

  (b) The Group maintains a defined credit policy including stringent credit evaluation on
      and payment of a rental deposit from tenants. In addition to the payment of rental
      deposits, tenants are required to pay monthly rents in respect of leased properties in
      advance. Receivables are regularly reviewed and closely monitored to minimize any
      associated credit risk.


      Provision for expected credit losses was assessed and adequately made on a
      tenant-by-tenant basis, based on the historical default experience and forward-
      looking information that may impact the tenants’ ability to repay the outstanding
      balances.

  (c) Included in “other receivables” of the Group is a deposit of land acquisition in
      mainland China of HK$271 million (December 31, 2022: HK$280 million).


11. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

  (a) Included in trade and other payables are trade creditors with the following aging
      analysis:


      HK$ Million                                              June 30,       December 31,
                                                                  2023               2022
      Due within 3 months                                          1,487                  1,318
      Due after 3 months                                           2,410                  2,726
                                                                   3,897                  4,044




                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited   65
11. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)

      (b) Included in trade and other payables is an amount of HK$601 million (December
          31, 2022: HK$601 million) due to a fellow subsidiary, which is the joint developer
          of a project in which the Group and the fellow subsidiary hold respective interests
          of 66.67% and 33.33%. The amount represents the contribution by the fellow
          subsidiary in proportion to its interest to finance the project, and is unsecured, non-
          interest bearing and has no fixed terms of repayment.


12. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                At January 1, 2023 and    At January 1, 2022 and
                                                    June 30, 2023          December 31, 2022
                                                Number of   Amount of     Number of      Amount of
                                                   shares share capital      shares    share capital
                                                   Million HK$ Million       Million    HK$ Million

      Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:       4,499        39,950       4,499         39,950


      There was no movement in the share capital of the Company during the year ended
      December 31, 2022 and the six months ended June 30, 2023.


13. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES

      The share option scheme adopted by the Company on April 18, 2012 (the “2012 Share
      Option Scheme”) was terminated upon the adoption of a new share option scheme on
      April 27, 2022 (the “2022 Share Option Scheme”, together with the 2012 Share Option
      Scheme are referred to as the “Schemes”). The 2022 Share Option Scheme became
      valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing from the date of adoption. No
      further share options shall be offered or granted under the 2012 Share Option Scheme
      but in all other respects the provisions of the 2012 Share Option Scheme shall remain
      in full force and effect, and all share options granted prior to such termination and not
      exercised nor forfeited/lapsed at the date of termination shall remain valid.


      The share options granted under the Schemes to the directors and employees are at
      nominal consideration and each share option gives the holder the right to subscribe for
      one share of the Company.




66   Hang Lung Properties Limited
13. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (Continued)

   The movements of share options during the six months ended June 30, 2023 are as
   follows:


   (a) 2012 Share Option Scheme


                                        Number of share options                    Period during which
                          Outstanding on          Forfeited/   Outstanding on        share options are   Exercise price
      Date granted        January 1, 2023           Lapsed        June 30, 2023            exercisable           (HK$)
      June 4, 2013            22,260,000        (22,260,000)                 –        June 4, 2015 to            28.20
                                                                                         June 3, 2023
      December 5, 2014        19,290,000           (450,000)        18,840,000    December 5, 2016 to            22.60
                                                                                    December 4, 2024
      August 10, 2017         28,655,000           (860,000)        27,795,000     August 10, 2019 to            19.98
                                                                                       August 9, 2027
      May 16, 2018            10,000,000                  –         10,000,000        May 16, 2020 to            18.98
                                                                                        May 15, 2028
      June 28, 2019           41,866,700         (1,629,600)        40,237,100       June 28, 2021 to            18.58
                                                                                        June 27, 2029
      May 12, 2021            58,395,000         (2,128,000)        56,267,000        May 12, 2023 to            19.95
                                                                                        May 11, 2031
      October 6, 2021          2,000,000                  –           2,000,000    October 6, 2023 to            17.65
                                                                                      October 5, 2031
      February 21, 2022       64,230,000         (2,630,000)        61,600,000    February 21, 2024 to           16.38
                                                                                    February 20, 2032

      Total                  246,696,700        (29,957,600)       216,739,100


      All the above share options may vest after two to five years of the grant date and
      are exercisable up to the tenth anniversary of the date of grant, after which they will
      lapse. No share options were exercised or cancelled during the six months ended
      June 30, 2023.


      During the six months ended June 30, 2023, 8,047,600 share options (2022:
      9,354,600 share options) were forfeited upon cessations of the grantees’
      employments and 21,910,000 share options (2022: Nil) lapsed due to the expiry of
      the period for exercising the share options.




                                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited       67
13. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (Continued)

      (b) 2022 Share Option Scheme


                                                  Number of share options                   Period during which
                                    Outstanding on                      Outstanding on        share options are   Exercise price
            Date granted            January 1, 2023          Granted        June 30, 2023           exercisable           (HK$)
            June 28, 2023                        –        54,569,000          54,569,000      June 28, 2025 to            12.49
                                                                                                 June 27, 2033

            Total                                –        54,569,000          54,569,000


            All the above share options may vest after two to four years of the grant date and
            are exercisable up to the tenth anniversary of the date of grant, after which they will
            lapse. No share options were exercised or cancelled during the six months ended
            June 30, 2023.


            In respect of share options granted during the six months ended June 30, 2023,
            the closing share price of the Company immediately before the date of grant was
            HK$12.40.


            The fair value of share options granted was estimated at the date of grant using the
            Black-Scholes pricing model taking into account the terms and conditions upon
            which the share options were granted. In respect of the share options granted during
            the six months ended June 30, 2023, the fair value, terms and conditions, and
            assumptions are as follows:


            Fair value at grant date                                                                               HK$1.64
            Share price at grant date                                                                             HK$12.34
            Exercise price                                                                                        HK$12.49
            Risk-free interest rate                                                                                  3.44%
            Expected life (in years)                                                                                     6
            Expected volatility                                                                                     27.02%
            Expected dividends per share                                                                           HK$0.78


            The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility and the expected dividends
            per share are based on historical dividends. Changes in the above assumptions
            could materially affect the fair value estimate.




68   Hang Lung Properties Limited
14. RESERVES

  HK$ Million                                             Other reserves
                                                                         Employee
                                                           Investment share-based
                                 Exchange     Hedging      revaluation compensation             Retained          Total
                                   reserve     reserve         reserve     reserve     Total      profits     reserves
  At January 1, 2023                (4,005)        50               77         570    (3,308)     96,739        93,431
  Profit for the period                  –           –               –           –         –       2,394         2,394
  Exchange difference arising
    from translation to
    presentation currency           (3,070)          –               –           –    (3,070)           –       (3,070)
  Gain on net investment hedge           4           –               –           –         4            –            4
  Cash flow hedges: net
    movement in hedging
    reserve                              –         22                –           –       22             –             22
  Net change in fair value of
    equity investments                   –           –               1           –         1            –              1
  Total comprehensive income
     for the period                 (3,066)        22                1           –    (3,043)      2,394          (649)
  Final dividend in respect
     of previous year                    –           –               –           –         –       (2,699)      (2,699)
  Employee share-based
     payments                            –           –               –        (144)    (144)         184              40
  At June 30, 2023                  (7,071)        72               78         426    (6,495)     96,618        90,123


  At January 1, 2022                 4,814         (17)             78         493    5,368       96,401       101,769
  Profit for the period                  –           –               –           –         –       1,948         1,948
  Exchange difference arising
    from translation to
    presentation currency           (4,539)          –               –           –    (4,539)           –       (4,539)
  Gain on net investment hedge           4           –               –           –         4            –            4
  Cash flow hedges: net
    movement in hedging
    reserve                              –         71                –           –       71             –             71
  Net change in fair value of
    equity investments                   –           –              (1)          –        (1)           –             (1)
  Total comprehensive income
     for the period                 (4,535)        71               (1)          –    (4,465)      1,948        (2,517)
  Final dividend in respect
     of previous year                    –           –               –           –         –       (2,699)      (2,699)
  Employee share-based
     payments                            –           –               –          37       37             8             45
  At June 30, 2022                    279          54               77         530      940       95,658        96,598




                                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited        69
15. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      The fair value of the Group’s financial instruments is measured at the end of the reporting
      period on a recurring basis, categorized into a three-level fair value hierarchy as defined
      in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement
      is classified and determined with reference to the observability and significance of the
      inputs used in the valuation technique is as follows:


      •     Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted
            quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement
            date


      •     Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable
            inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs.
            Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available.


      •     Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs


      (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value


            (i)   The level of fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurements are
                  categorized and analyzed below:

                  HK$ Million                            Fair value                      Fair value
                                                    June 30,        December 31,    measurements
                                                       2023                2022    categorized into
                  Financial assets
                  Trade and other receivables
                    Cross currency swaps
                      (cash flow hedges)                    –                 3             Level 2
                    Interest rate swaps
                      (cash flow hedges)                 101                 59             Level 2
                  Other assets
                    Investment in equity
                      instruments                          78                77             Level 3
                  Financial liabilities
                  Trade and other payables
                    Cross currency swaps
                      (cash flow hedges)                   (8)                 –            Level 2



70   Hang Lung Properties Limited
15. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

  (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)


             The fair value of the cross currency swaps and interest rate swaps is determined
             based on the amount that the Group would receive or pay to terminate the
             swaps at the end of the reporting period taking into account current interest
             rates and current creditworthiness of the swap counter-parties.


             The fair value of non-publicly traded equity investments is determined by
             reference to the net asset value of these investments.


      (ii)   Transfers of instruments between the three-level fair value hierarchy


             During the six months ended June 30, 2023, there were no transfers of
             instruments between Level 1 and Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3. The
             Group’s policy is to recognize transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as
             of the end of the reporting period in which they occur.


  (b) Fair value of financial instruments carried at other than fair value


      The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at amortized cost
      were not materially different from their fair values as of December 31, 2022 and June
      30, 2023.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   71
16. COMMITMENTS

      At the end of the reporting period, capital commitments not provided for in the financial
      statements were as follows:


      HK$ Million                                                  June 30,    December 31,
                                                                      2023            2022
      Contracted for                                                  6,142            1,830
      Authorized but not contracted for                               9,066           14,135
                                                                     15,208           15,965

      The above commitments include mainly the construction related costs to be incurred in
      respect of the Group’s development of investment properties in various cities in mainland
      China.


17. REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT

      The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by the Audit Committee.
      It was authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on July 31, 2023.




72   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Glossary

FINANCIAL TERMS

Finance costs:                  Total of interest expense on total borrowings and other
                                borrowing costs, net of amount capitalized


Total borrowings:               Total of bank loans and other borrowings, net of unamortized
                                other borrowing costs


Net debt:                       Total borrowings net of cash and deposits with banks


Net profit attributable to      Profit for the period (after tax) less amounts attributable to
 shareholders:                  non-controlling interests


Underlying net profit           Net profit attributable to shareholders excluding changes in
 attributable to                fair value of properties net of related income tax and non-
 shareholders:                  controlling interests

FINANCIAL RATIOS

                        Net profit attributable to                                   Total
Basic
                              shareholders                Debt to                 borrowings
earnings per   =                                                         =
                     Weighted average number of           equity                  Total equity
share
                    shares in issue during the period

Net assets
attributable to          Shareholders’ equity             Net debt to              Net debt
                =                                                     =
shareholders         Weighted average number of           equity                  Total equity
per share           shares in issue during the period

                    Profit from operations before
                 changes in fair value of properties
Interest cover =
                 Finance costs before capitalization
                         less interest income




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   73
Information for Investors

FINANCIAL CALENDAR

Financial period                                        January 1, 2023 to June 30, 2023
Announcement of interim results                                              July 31, 2023
Latest time for lodging transfers                       4:30 p.m. on September 13, 2023
Closure of share register                    September 14 to 15, 2023 (both days inclusive)
Record date for interim dividend                                     September 15, 2023
Payment date for interim dividend                                    September 29, 2023

SHARE LISTING

As at June 30, 2023, 4,499,260,670 shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited. The Company has a sponsored American Depositary Receipt (ADR) Program in the
New York market.

STOCK CODE

Hong Kong Stock Exchange: 00101
Reuters: 0101.HK
Bloomberg: 101HK
CUSIP Number/Ticker Symbol for ADR Code: 41043M104/HLPPY

SHARE INFORMATION

Share price as at June 30, 2023: HK$12.1
Market capitalization as at June 30, 2023: HK$54.44 billion

SHARE REGISTRAR

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Tel : 2862 8555
Fax : 2865 0990

INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT

Joyce Kwock
Email: ir@hanglung.com



74   Hang Lung Properties Limited
