2016
CORPORATE INFORMATION

DIRECTORS                                             AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

Ronnie C. Chan (Chairman)                             Philip N.L. Chen
Philip N.L. Chen (Managing Director)                  Bella P.L. Chhoa
Ronald J. Arculli GBM, CVO, GBS, OBE, JP *
Dominic C.F. Ho *                                     COMPANY SECRETARY
Nelson W.L. Yuen *
Andrew K.C. Chan BBS, JP *                            Bella P.L. Chhoa
H.K. Chang GBS, JP *
Anita Y.M. Fung BBS, JP *                             REGISTERED OFFICE
H.C. Ho
                                                      28th Floor, Standard Chartered Bank Building
                                                      4 Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong
*    Independent Non-Executive Director
                                                      Tel: 2879 0111
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                       Fax: 2868 6086


Dominic C.F. Ho (Chairman)                            INTERNET ADDRESS
Andrew K.C. Chan BBS, JP
                                                      Website: http://www.hanglung.com
H.K. Chang GBS, JP
                                                      Email address: HLProperties@hanglung.com
Anita Y.M. Fung BBS, JP

NOMINATION AND                                        AUDITOR
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                      KPMG
Ronald J. Arculli GBM, CVO, GBS, OBE, JP (Chairman)   Certified Public Accountants

Dominic C.F. Ho
H.K. Chang GBS, JP




                                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   1
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

RESULTS AND DIVIDEND

For the six months ended June 30, 2016, revenue increased 37% to HK$6,311 million. Net
profit attributable to shareholders grew 3% to HK$2,935 million, and earnings per share
advanced similarly to HK65 cents.


Excluding property revaluation loss, related deferred taxes and non-controlling interests,
underlying net profit attributable to shareholders rose 29% to HK$3,167 million. Underlying
earnings per share went up by 27% to HK70 cents.


The Board has declared an interim dividend of HK17 cents per share payable on September
29, 2016 to shareholders of record on September 15, 2016. This is the same as the previous
year.

BUSINESS REVIEW

Perhaps I should begin with a brief overview of a few global events. This is atypical of this
letter but some of these events will sooner or later affect our business. The world has always
been a turbulent place but previously most of the causes and consequences were local in
nature. However, these happenings of late are truly of global significance.


I have foremost Brexit in mind. Is this the beginning of the end of the European Union (EU) as
we know it? How will it affect global trade? At the minimum, the global financial map will be
redrawn. This may in the short run benefit Asia, particularly Hong Kong and Singapore, the
region’s two premium international financial centers. In fact, one of the world’s largest fund
management companies has just opened its first bond-trading operation in our part of the
world. Is this a harbinger of more to come? In the meantime, EU is embroiled in turmoil after
the latest mass migration from the Middle East. What worries the business community is that
for sure there will be more uncertainties ahead.


As well, terrorist threat in the Middle East and Europe has gone from bad to worse. Even
America has not been spared, although the causes are quite different. Coupled with the
rise of nationalism everywhere, it is possible that globalization, which has been thriving for
decades, may be entering a phase of retreat: consider the “Buy American” campaign. Or
as Donald Trump said in his speech officially accepting the Republican nomination for the
U.S. presidency, it is Americanism, not globalism, that will be the country’s credo. So far
international travel and cross-border businesses have not suffered, but they may.




2   Hang Lung Properties Limited
In such a highly uncertain global environment, China, which is our main market, may not be
able to rely on the rest of the world as much as before. Fortunately, it has a huge domestic
market and has amassed sufficient wealth and technology to survive in a less globalized
world. If the uncertainties of late were to take place in the 1980’s, 1990’s or even the 2000’s,
China would have been affected more. To be sure, the country will continue to develop global
connectivity as exemplified in the “One Belt, One Road” initiative. However, it seems certain
that the domestic market will play a more significant role moving forward.


Looking ahead, the U.S. and China will remain the twin engines of the global economy.
America still has by far the strongest and most advanced economy in the world. For the
foreseeable future, no country can challenge its leadership position. That China has over four
times the population and may surpass the U.S. in absolute GDP size cannot take away the
fact that the American society and economy are the most innovative and the most resilient.
Barring financial meltdowns like in 2008, the U.S. will remain the most significant player in the
world.


The Chinese economy, on the other hand, is big in size due to its population and is vibrant
in many areas. However, it has social and structural weaknesses which may render its
economy, if not the entire society, vulnerable. Nevertheless, since all other major economies
such as the EU and Japan are going nowhere, by default, China becomes the only other
dynamic place aside from the U.S.


Provided that the two engines do not stall, global economic gravity will move further from
the Atlantic to the Pacific. As a matter of fact, this shift has been ongoing for half a century,
but it has never been as obvious as it is today. Headquartered in Hong Kong, a city that
understands both nations and in many ways helps connect the two, Hang Lung is in a
privileged position. With the Mainland being one of the fastest growing major economies and
it having been the focus of our growth strategy since the mid-2000’s, few companies are as
well-positioned as we are.


Given the above description of the present world such as the likely retreat of globalization,
China will have to quickly develop its internal market to compensate for the possible
adversities in the international arena. There may be no one externally on whom the country
can rely for further economic growth. It must look inward. This reluctant move is in contrast
with the self-motivated retreat from the global marketplace on the part of the U.S. Whatever
the case, speeding up private consumption seems inevitable for China. This area is exactly
where your Company plays.



                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   3
We are headquartered in the best city, focused on the most dynamic market and positioned
in the right industry, so what more can one ask for? Short-term volatility and periodic market
lulls are inevitable but your management, which has always kept a healthy long-term horizon,
can look beyond them. Having very little net debt, we are well-positioned to weather the
present downturn. We can foresee better days ahead.


But for now, the economic environment is not encouraging. The pathetic condition I
described six months ago has only gotten worse. Perhaps more so than any other time in
history, negative interest rates are seen everywhere. In almost all major economies, growth
has proven evasive.


China, on her part, is still searching for a new economic impetus. Growth in private
consumption continues to slow, and the luxury goods market remains particularly weak. No
one knows when and how the anti-corruption campaign will end. Just as in the West, there is
much uncertainty.


Given this highly unfavorable trading environment, many major retailers such as department
stores have for the past two or three years recorded decreases in both top line and bottom
line. It is not uncommon that of late the former has fallen by about 10% annually and the latter
by over 50%. The slide has in fact gotten worse in the past year or so.


Compared to this, our tenants have performed better. Retail sales in four of our seven
Mainland shopping centers have recorded growth compared to the same period a year ago.
In the four advancing malls, increases ranged from 2% to 6% while the other three recorded a
decrease of 5% to 7%. Taken as a whole and not counting Olympia 66 in Dalian which is less
than a year old, total tenant retail sales were about the same as the year before. I suspect
that our long-held strategy to concentrate in top central locations is a key reason for this out-
performance.


Before turning to our overall result, a word should be said about currency translation. On the
Mainland, we collect rents in RMB but as a Hong Kong-based company, we report numbers
in Hong Kong dollars. Calculated on the basis of weighted average daily exchange rates, the
six months under review saw a drop in RMB of about 6% from the same period a year ago.
Comparing June 30 this year to last December 31, the fall was about 2%. In order to get a
true picture of performance, I have excluded the effect of currency fluctuation in the reporting
of Mainland rents here, although in the financial statements, all figures are reported in Hong
Kong dollars.



4   Hang Lung Properties Limited
A related issue is foreign exchange translation loss due to RMB devaluation. By far the bulk
of the loss came from re-translation of our vast net assets on the Mainland. This relates to
the value of the many completed complexes we own, which is not inconsequential. A lesser
amount of the loss arose from the RMB that we hold as cash. In past years when RMB
appreciated, there were huge translation gains. These translations, either gain or loss, went
into our reserve account and were not reported on the profit-and-loss statements.


Rental revenue in Hong Kong and on the Mainland (in RMB terms) grew by 7% and 2%
respectively. Since the RMB devalued 6% against the Hong Kong dollar, any increase on the
Mainland less than this amount will result in a negative number in our home currency. In this
case, reported rental revenue from the Mainland was minus 4%.


Compared to the same period last year, we sold over three times more Hong Kong
completed apartments in monetary terms. As a result, overall revenue growth was 37%. Due
to lower rents at the shopping centers of Forum 66 in Shenyang and Center 66 in Wuxi, the
two properties suffered a revaluation loss while all other facilities scored a slight revaluation
gain. Consequently, net profit attributable to shareholders as well as per share earnings
only advanced by 3%. When the net revaluation loss, a non-cash item, was taken out, the
underlying net profit attributable to shareholders rose 29%, and the underlying earnings per
share advanced by 27%.


We sold 226 units of The Long Beach as well as the two remaining flats at Carmel-on-the-
Hill. The sales brought in over HK$2.4 billion, resulting in an operating profit of almost HK$1.4
billion. Profit margin was 58%, which for these properties was quite good.


Hong Kong rental income was 7% higher than the same period a year ago; retail space was
up 13% and offices, 4%. Occupancy stood at 99% and 92% respectively. The main reason
for the strong performance in retail properties was that several facilities previously under
renovation are now open. Hong Kong now accounts for 48% of total rents received; the
Mainland 52%.


Overall Mainland rental rose by 2%. Due to RMB devaluation of 6% as mentioned before,
the book in Hong Kong dollars showed a fall of 4%. If we exclude new properties – the
office towers at Forum 66 and Olympia 66 in Dalian – organic growth was minus 2% in local
currency terms or minus 8% when translated into our home currency.




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   5
Shopping centers had a particularly difficult time. Rents therefrom retreated 2%. If we exclude
the newly opened Olympia 66, they fell by 4%. Office rents increased by 17% with reasonable
organic growth.


The two shopping centers in Shanghai deserve special mention. Due to the Asset
Enhancement Initiative (AEI) at Plaza 66, 13% of the space was taken out of operation. This
was why we collected 7% less rent than the year before. On a like-for-like basis excluding the
area under renovation, rents received were basically the same as last year. Although Grand
Gateway 66 will not officially undertake AEI until later this year, a small portion of space was
already affected. Consequently, occupancy fell two points to 96%. Nevertheless, we received
1% more rent than in the same period last year. This was due to higher rental reversions.


For the other five Mainland shopping centers, revenue in three of them either remained
unchanged or increased. The two most challenging ones were Forum 66 and Center 66
whose revenue fell by a whopping 20%. Occupancy improved in Palace 66 but retreated in
the other four.


Across the entire investment portfolio, rental margin decreased by 2 points to 75%. Hong
Kong held steady at 86% while the Mainland fell from 69% to 65%. This is mainly due to the
margin retreat in the two Shanghai shopping centers by 0.85 point, and to a lesser extent
the loss arising from the new Olympia 66 in Dalian. Perhaps surprising to many, margins rose
in all of the other five complexes, including Forum 66 and Center 66. Both were helped by
the addition of office space. But in the case of Forum 66, even the shopping center alone
recorded a healthy rise. After a few years of operation, these properties saw a drop in the
high initial costs associated with new facilities.


This is an encouraging phenomenon. Over time as rental rates increase, more will fall to the
bottom line. When this happens, with the present cost control efforts in place, these projects
will become even more profitable. But for now, we will have to wait until the market recovers.


Compared to a year ago, footfall in all our shopping centers improved except in Parc 66 in
Jinan and Riverside 66 in Tianjin. The former, being our second busiest next only to Grand
Gateway 66, saw a drop of almost 5%, and the latter, almost 3%. By far the best percentage
increase in footfall took place in Center 66. This was followed by Forum 66 and Plaza 66.
Thanks to the new office towers, the top two growths were from our most troubled malls.
This is encouraging, but to translate this into higher retail sales and in time improved rent will
require more efforts.



6   Hang Lung Properties Limited
The two new office towers, one each in Forum 66 and Center 66, are leasing up gradually. In
the former, committed space has increased from 44% six months ago to 52% now, with 49%
being occupied. The number for Center 66 is 58% leased and occupied.


As previously reported, certain tenants, especially in Center 66 which are in the private
financing business, had come under government scrutiny and some were even in financial
difficulties. As such, we had to terminate some of those leases. In the past six months, the
vacated space has been almost completely re-let. Encouragingly, the quality of tenants is
much better and rents received have gone up nicely. In short, the two new office towers are
becoming a meaningful source of income for the Company.


At Forum 66, we have signed a management contract with an international chain for a five-
star hotel with over 300 rooms on the high zone of the existing office tower. We are also
adding a ballroom on the ground floor. In the meantime, preparation for construction is being
carried out. Hopefully these projects will be ready by the first half of 2019.


The second office tower at Center 66 is progressing. A cinema will be added to the podium
to help drive traffic. The total size is about 55,000 square meters, which is much smaller than
the first building of 89,000 square meters.


In mid-December, 2015, we had a soft opening at Olympia 66 in Dalian. The name comes
from the huge park in front of our facility called Olympia Park. Six months ago, I wrote that its
initial success would depend in part on “government actions or inactions.” Subsequent events
have proven this forecast to be true. For example, through no fault of ours, we encountered
much difficulty with the local fire services department. A serious fire elsewhere in the city had
caused the government to suddenly tighten-up policy. Fortunately most difficulties have been
resolved or are expected to be very soon.


To refresh the memory of our regular readers, in Phase 1, we will open 87% of this huge
shopping center of 220,000 square meters. With clever design, shoppers should hardly
notice the remaining 13% space that will be opened later as Phase 2. We expect over 70% of
Phase 1 to be leased by early September with over 60% ready for business. Once the entire
shopping center is fully leased, we expect a gross return of 4% to 5%, very tough trading
environment notwithstanding.


Construction works at Spring City 66 in Kunming and Heartland 66 in Wuhan are proceeding
as planned. The latter is somewhat behind schedule due to government intervention and
inclement weather. We will try to catch up.


                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   7
In the past year, there were several Mainland articles circulating on the Internet that said we
had stopped construction in Kunming. Some of the rumors went even further to suggest that
we were negotiating with the local government to return the land. There is not a shred of truth
in these allegations.


There are two plausible explanations for such repeated articles. One is ignorance and the
other, malicious attacks by our competitors. As we all know, many media concerns can easily
be “bought” in mainland China.


Unlike certain local developers who boast of their ability to inaugurate a shopping center
within 18 months of land acquisition, we devote more time to crafting an optimal design. This is
a tedious yet critical process. As I have previously written, this is why those quickly slapped-
together projects are of inferior quality and will not survive the test of time. A cookie cutter
design may work for two- or three-star facilities, but we build four- and five-star ones where
good design is of paramount importance. It is an iterative as well as a collaborative effort
between the architect and the developer. Careful consideration must be given to balance
aesthetics and functionality. I have yet to meet a single person who can bypass this process
and produce a perfect or near perfect outcome.


Moreover, in China, all schemes must be approved by the municipal government. All it takes is
one official, with or without adequate expertise, to disrupt the timetable. Building regulations
are also becoming more complicated, or even impractical if not unreasonable. As such, the
design process is a complicated tripartite endeavor between the developer, the architect and
the government. Since we uphold the highest design standards, a certain passage of time is
inevitable.


While waiting for this to work its course, a process which will take many months even if there is
no serious hiccup, we will to the extent possible carry out soil testing and the like. However,
if there are complications like those in Kunming, we will just have to exercise patience while
pressing forward as best as we can.


It is thus conceivable that the construction site may be temporarily hoarded up, such that
even if there are minor works being carried out inside, outsiders will hardly notice. So for
journalists who are used to projects of inferior design that are slapped together quickly, they
see only what they want to see and may think we have stopped work. With design being
one of the four key elements of “real estate genetics” as I have previously written in detail –
the other three being location, size and shape of the plot, and construction – we do not take
shortcuts. In the long run, it is simply not worthwhile.


8   Hang Lung Properties Limited
If the falsely-reported articles were from a poorly informed journalist, then we are not as
concerned. After all, there are many of them. Worse is the strong suspicion that the whole
saga may be orchestrated by a competitor. There are reasonable grounds for this suspicion.

For one, these articles go to the extent of accusing your Company of negotiating with the city
to return the land. Since this is simply untrue, government officials could not have confirmed
the story. The author then further surmised that Hang Lung was running out of money or was
otherwise very negative about market conditions. A simple search on the Internet will show
your Company is in excellent financial health, if not the strongest in the industry. One can
also easily locate this letter to shareholders from the same source and see that I was never
that pessimistic about the market. In fact I have previously stated that when the market is
down and other developers have stopped or slowed down construction, it affords us the best
opportunity to become the first to enter the market. Our strong financial position enables us
to do that.

The reality is that ever since Hang Lung entered the Mainland in 1992, we have never
stopped or even slowed down construction due to lack of funds or pessimism. We may well
be the only developer in Hong Kong or the Mainland that can unreservedly make this claim.

So why did the journalist not check these sources before he or she embellished the article as
if stating a fact? We smell maliciousness.

In the past year or two when we speak to institutional investors in the West as we regularly
do, we have received strong signals that perhaps someone has been speaking negatively
about us. Some investors may, out of a good heart, advise us not to be overly bothered, as
it may prove that we are truly a market leader; otherwise why have we become the target of
negative attacks? However, such a terrible practice on the part of our competitors, if true, is
not healthy for the development of the Chinese equity market. In our opinion, every participant
therein should uphold the highest standards of integrity.

In Hong Kong as well as in any other major stock markets around the world, there is an
unspoken rule that we do not bad-mouth our competitors. In fact we try to avoid commenting
on other companies in the same industry. Hang Lung certainly abides by this. Unfortunately
this civility is most likely not practiced by some in mainland China, not even by those so-called
large and reputable firms. For those who know anything about the local culture, sadly this is
perhaps not unexpected.

At Hang Lung, not only do we practice good governance, but when pressed or when the
situation calls for it, we will also speak up in favor of better standards for the industry. In doing
so, we may in some small ways contribute to the healthy development of the capital market
and our industry.

                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited   9
For example, a few years ago, certain professionals in Hong Kong called for the shortening
of reporting deadlines for results announcements. At that time, Hong Kong was the most
relaxed of all major stock markets in the world. In the ensuing public discussion, Hang
Lung was the only major real estate company agreeing with the better rules. We have long
practiced it and have always announced company results within one month of period end.


Arguments employed by our competitors then were frankly absurd. They wanted to keep
longer reporting deadlines so that major shareholders cum management can legally, albeit
unfairly, trade in their own shares in the stock market. Partly due to sound arguments which
we put forth then, I am happy to report that at least a few of those who previously disagreed
with us are now reporting much earlier than they had previously done. We practice more than
good governance; when appropriate, we promote it.


My sincere hope is that mainland Chinese companies, which for the most part are new to the
stock market and to the international arena of institutional investors, will practice civility.


Back to your Company: although we finally incurred a net debt, it remains at an insignificant
level. Net debt to equity ratio stood at 2.1%, which is very low by any standard.

PROSPECTS

For the next six to even 12 months, it is not easy to envisage a scenario where the global
economy will substantially or even perceptibly improve. The same is true for China including
Hong Kong. There is little good news on the horizon; instead, uncertainties abound
everywhere. The only government that can do a lot about its own economy is China. Yet I do
not foresee Beijing being able to come up with a remedy soon. A panacea may not exist.


What we do see is that growth in public investments and private consumption are both
slowing down. Export figures are also not encouraging. All these trends seem to signify that
winter is not yet over. In fact it is hard to foresee anything that will warm up the economy. The
only “hot spot” is residential real estate where land prices in some cities keep rising, but this is
hardly good news.


In Hong Kong, the situation is no better. Tourism is down, and so is retail. Given the
weakness in Mainland exports, our trade and logistics sectors cannot be encouraging. With
China’s overall lethargy and the uncertainties in Europe and the U.S., our financial market will
not grow much in the near future. Even residential real estate is not strong. In other words,
there is no bright spot on the horizon.


10   Hang Lung Properties Limited
If all these are correct, then the markets in which we play may for the rest of the year see
more or less a repeat of the past six months. In fact, they may weaken further before they
can get better. Given this scenario, we would be fortunate if we can maintain the same
performance as in the half-year under review.

So what can management do to maintain growth, or at least contain a further slide? First, our
two new office towers on the Mainland will give new impetus in the coming year or two. The
newly opened Olympia 66 in Dalian should provide top line increase. Net profit from these
three sources is however not expected to be big, especially from the new retail space.

Nevertheless, this will tide us over until the second half of 2018 when Spring City 66 in
Kunming opens, barring no further delay. It is possible that the shopping center, office, and
possibly even the serviced apartments will be ready around the same time. A year or so
beyond that, we should see the inauguration of Heartland 66 in Wuhan. The opening of the
office tower there will soon follow.

In other words, in the coming four years, we will have a pipeline of new space being steadily
added to the portfolio. If the Chinese economy recovers within this time frame, then these
newly completed properties should bring much growth for the Company.

For our older retail facilities on the Mainland, we will adopt a defensive mode. A lot of AEI is
being carried out which should prepare us well for the next bull market. Here I have in mind
our two complexes in Shanghai. For the newer properties, they will improve but with some
difficulty as the economy faces headwinds. Nevertheless, the success of Palace 66 and Parc
66 tells us that after teething problems are resolved, better days lie ahead.

For two reasons our Hong Kong rental business may not see serious improvements. In fact
it will not be easy to maintain the high single-digit top line growth of the past few years. First,
the economy is weaker today and may yet slide a little more. Second, advances brought
upon by recent AEI will produce a higher base moving forward. Growth rate will thus become
more difficult to sustain.

The one area which should bring higher profit is the sale of the 446 flats remaining at The
Long Beach, the last two units at The HarbourSide, and the 18 luxury duplexes on Blue Pool
Road. Our willingness to part with them will depend on our read on the market conditions.

Looking further down the road, I am quite sanguine about the Mainland economy. The
chances of something seriously bad happening are limited. Private consumption will gradually
take over as the main engine of economic growth. Beijing leaders may have little choice
but to encourage this since overseas markets will unlikely be vibrant. More efforts must be
directed internally. Nevertheless, the domestic market will need further reform to spur growth.
The bad thing about reform is that it is never easy; the good thing is that the upside can be
substantial.

                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited   11
Consider this: at least 1% of China’s total population is expected to move from the rural areas
to the cities each year. In about a decade, city dwellers will increase by some 150-200 million
people. The latter population figure is bigger than all but five countries in the world. In time,
the consumption they generate will be impressive. This is in addition to the inevitable rise in
consumption of the existing 750 million or so city folks.


Since retail space rental is our main business, we are well-positioned to grow further. While
cautious about the short-term outlook, I am optimistic about our long-term future.


One thing we may yet do is to buy more land on the Mainland. We do not know if the time
has come, but whatever the case, we will be very selective. In fact, of late we have turned
down certain attractive offers. Unless a plot satisfies most if not all of our criteria, we will not
jump. But even with these rather stringent conditions, I will not be too surprised if we score a
success in the coming year or two. In this regard, we would love to see the market go further
south!


Six months ago I reported that your Company has been the recipient of many international
and local awards. In just the first six months of this year, we have garnered 33 more. The
area that received the most accolades was sustainability, followed by human resources
development, marketing, and investor relations. Not surprisingly, we were also recognized for
design and architecture (Center 66 in Wuxi) and crisis management.


On this last point of crisis management, it is with great sadness that I report on a recent
incident in Hong Kong. A mini-storage facility operated by a tenant in one of our industrial
buildings caught fire on June 21, 2016. The blaze raged continuously for 108 hours and
claimed the lives of two heroic firefighters from the Hong Kong Fire Services Department.
We salute them and their colleagues and we are doing our utmost to offer assistance to the
two surviving families. We are also working with our tenants to ensure that the same will not
happen again in the future.




Ronnie C. Chan
Chairman
Hong Kong, July 28, 2016




12   Hang Lung Properties Limited
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
In HK$ Million (unless otherwise stated)


RESULTS
                                           For the Six Months Ended June 30
                                                     2016             2015              Change

Revenue                                            6,311             4,607                  37%
  Property Leasing                                 3,907             3,862                   1%
  Property Sales                                   2,404               745                 223%

Operating Profit                                   4,320             3,523                  23%
 Property Leasing                                  2,931             2,961                  -1%
 Property Sales                                    1,389               562                 147%

Net Profit Attributable to Shareholders            2,935             2,841                    3%
Earnings Per Share (HK$)                           $0.65             $0.63                    3%

Interim Dividend Per Share (HK$)                   $0.17             $0.17                        –

UNDERLYING RESULTS
                                           For the Six Months Ended June 30
                                                     2016             2015              Change

Underlying Net Profit Attributable
  to Shareholders                                  3,167             2,448                  29%
Underlying Earnings Per Share (HK$)                $0.70             $0.55                  27%

FINANCIAL POSITION
                                              At June 30 At December 31
                                                    2016          2015                  Change

Shareholders’ Equity                             127,817          128,989                   -1%
Net Assets                                       133,677          134,892                   -1%
Net Debt                                           2,834            1,482                   91%

Financial Ratio
  Net Debt to Equity Ratio                         2.1%              1.1%                  1.0pt
  Debt to Equity Ratio                            23.6%             24.3%                 -0.7pt

Shareholders’ Equity Per Share (HK$)               $28.4             $28.7                   -1%
Net Assets Per Share (HK$)                         $29.7             $30.0                   -1%




                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited   13
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS

For the six months ended June 30, 2016, total revenue of Hang Lung Properties Limited and
its subsidiaries (collectively known as “Hang Lung Properties”) increased 37% to HK$6,311
million driven by higher property sales. Property sales revenue rose 223% to HK$2,404
million as more residential units were sold during the first half of 2016. Revenue of property
leasing posted a moderate growth to HK$3,907 million, or up 5% if excluding the 6%
period-on-period Renminbi (“RMB”) depreciation against the Hong Kong Dollar (“HKD”).
Correspondingly, total operating profit advanced 23% to HK$4,320 million.


Underlying net profit attributable to shareholders advanced 29% to HK$3,167 million. After
including a revaluation loss on investment properties due to a lower valuation of the mainland
China leasing portfolio, net profit attributable to shareholders increased 3% to HK$2,935
million. Earnings per share increased similarly to HK$0.65.


Revenue and Operating Profit for the Six Months Ended June 30

                                                   Revenue                              Operating Profit
                                          2016          2015     Change        2016            2015        Change
                                     HK$ Million   HK$ Million            HK$ Million     HK$ Million

Property Leasing                          3,907         3,862       1%         2,931            2,961        -1%
     Mainland China                       2,038         2,118      -4%         1,327            1,464        -9%
     Hong Kong                            1,869         1,744       7%         1,604            1,497         7%
Property Sales                            2,404           745     223%         1,389             562        147%
Total                                     6,311         4,607      37%         4,320            3,523        23%

DIVIDEND

The Board of Directors has declared an interim dividend of HK17 cents per share for 2016
(2015: HK17 cents) to be paid by cash on September 29, 2016, to shareholders whose
names appeared on the register of members on September 15, 2016.




14    Hang Lung Properties Limited
PROPERTY LEASING

For the first six months of 2016, total revenue of property leasing increased 1% to HK$3,907
million. The Hong Kong leasing portfolio recorded a rental growth of 7% amidst a challenging
environment. The benefits of asset enhancement initiatives and tenant mix optimization
continued to materialize. Revenue of our investment properties in mainland China decreased
by 4% to HK$2,038 million. On a like-for-like basis, however, rental income in mainland China
grew 2% when excluding the 6% RMB depreciation effect during the first half of 2016. Overall
operating profit of property leasing declined 1% to HK$2,931 million.

Mainland China


For the first half of 2016, the economy in mainland China remained weak. Against the
backdrop of slower economic growth coupled with RMB depreciation, sales of high-end
goods continued to be sluggish. Moreover, rental income of our Plaza 66 in Shanghai was
affected during the mall’s renovation and this short-term interruption has been carefully
managed with good progress in the pre-leasing of renovated spaces.


In response to these challenges, we implemented various measures to relieve pressure on
revenue and reduce costs. These included accelerating tenant remix, upgrading our facilities
and service standards, launching more creative and effective promotion campaigns, and
implementing various cost reduction measures, etc.


On May 1, 2016, the final phase of the transition from the Business Tax to Value Added Tax
(“VAT”) regime took effect and became applicable to the real estate sector, among other
industries. We have taken appropriate measures to ensure a smooth transition to the new tax
regime.


Total revenue of mainland China properties decreased 4% to HK$2,038 million. Operating
profit retreated by 9% to HK$1,327 million. Average margin dropped four points to 65%.
If excluding the 6% RMB depreciation effect, revenue and operating profit of our mainland
China portfolio increased by 2% and decreased by 3%, respectively. The mainland China
portfolio accounted for 52% and 45% of the total leasing revenue and operating profit of
Hang Lung Properties, respectively.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   15
Mainland China Property Leasing Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                                       Revenue                           Occupancy Rate
Name and City of the Property                        (HK$ Million)                       at June 30, 2016
                                             2016    2015             Change                Mall       Office
                                                                               In RMB
                                                                                 Terms

Shanghai Plaza 66                             778     847            -8%        -2%        83%          96%
Shanghai Grand Gateway 66                     576     607            -5%         1%        96%           N/A
Shenyang Palace 66                             83      84            -1%         5%        89%           N/A
Shenyang Forum 66                             142     136             4%        11%        84%          49%
Jinan Parc 66                                 160     168            -5%         1%        84%           N/A
Wuxi Center 66                                142     155            -8%        -2%        76%          58%
Tianjin Riverside 66                          114     121            -6%           –       82%           N/A
Dalian Olympia 66 *                            43     N/A            N/A         N/A       62%           N/A
Total                                        2,038   2,118           -4%          2%


*       Soft opening on December 18, 2015.




16   Hang Lung Properties Limited
•   Shopping Malls


Our eight shopping malls in mainland China collectively generated HK$1,559 million in rents in
the first half of 2016, down 7% over the previous corresponding period. Revenue of the malls
accounted for 76% of the total revenue of mainland China.


The asset enhancement works at the Shanghai Plaza 66 shopping mall started in September
2015. The basement of the mall has been closed for renovation since March 2016. All the
works should be completed in stages by early 2017. The asset enhancement works at
Shanghai Grand Gateway 66 shopping mall will start in the first quarter of 2017. Although
some leases were renewed on a short-term basis during this period, a small amount was
not renewed pending imminent commencement of work in those spaces. As a result, the
occupancy rate of the shopping malls at Plaza 66 and Grand Gateway 66 decreased by 17
points and two points, respectively, compared to a year ago. While these asset enhancement
initiatives will mean a short-term disruption of revenue, they help to enhance our long-term
competitiveness and profitability. Rental revenue of our two flagship malls in Shanghai fell 8%
to HK$971 million, with Plaza 66 decreasing by 13% to HK$395 million (or down 7% in RMB
terms) and Grand Gateway 66 retreating by 5% to HK$576 million (but up 1% in RMB terms).
Retail sales at the Plaza 66 mall and Grand Gateway 66 mall also decreased by 2% and 6%,
respectively.


The performance of our six malls outside Shanghai was mixed as they were at different
stages of their gestation period. Amidst a challenging retail market, revenue of Palace 66 in
Shenyang, the first mall opened outside Shanghai, was up 5% in RMB terms, otherwise was
down 1%. Occupancy rate rose five points to 89% with continued enhancement in tenant
mix. Revenue of Parc 66 in Jinan rose 1% in RMB terms, otherwise was down 5%. In the
interim, occupancy dropped six points to 84% due to planned replacement of both fashion
and F&B tenants during the year. Such improvements are consistent with the strategy of a
gradual tenancy upgrade, led by the grand opening of the first Apple Store in Jinan at Parc 66
in May 2016.




                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited   17
Our shopping malls at Forum 66 in Shenyang and Center 66 in Wuxi, which house a relatively
larger number of high-end tenants, were affected by the weakened luxury market and
therefore had to make some downward adjustment to rent and work with non-renewals.
Occupancy of Forum 66 retreated by four points to 84% and that at Center 66 slipped one
point to 76%. Their aggregated revenue dropped by 25%. Retail sales at the Forum 66 mall
declined 5% while Center 66 mall (excluding car sales) recorded moderate growth. With
the growing occupancy of their newly opened Grade A office towers, we expect that the
increased footfall and continuous optimization of trade mix will help to improve the future
performance of both malls.


Revenue of Riverside 66 in Tianjin was stable in RMB terms. While more popular brands were
introduced to the mall during the period, Apple chose Riverside 66 as the home of their first
Norman Foster (world renowned architect) designed flagship store in China, which opened in
March 2016. During the course of trade mix reshuffle, occupancy rate dropped six points to
82% by the end of June 2016. Retail sales increased by 6%.


Our newest mall, Olympia 66 in Dalian, had its soft opening last December. Occupancy
reached 62% by the end of June 2016, with a lively trade mix including Apple Store, Palace
Cinema, Olé supermarket and up-market fashion and accessories.


•     Offices


The office portfolio in mainland China posted a 10% rental growth to HK$479 million, mainly
attributable to higher contributions from the new office towers in Wuxi and Shenyang.


The enhancement works for Office Tower One at Plaza 66 in Shanghai were almost
completed. A similar program for Office Tower Two has also started. The whole upgrade
program will be completed in phases by 2018. So far the works have had no adverse impact
on the revenue of the two office towers at Plaza 66. Revenue increased by 3% in RMB terms,
otherwise was down 3% year-on-year. Occupancy rate stayed flat at 96%.


Our new office towers at Wuxi Center 66 and Shenyang Forum 66 commenced operation
in October 2014 and January 2015, respectively. Both Grade A office towers have already
established a leading position and commanded premium rents in their respective markets.
Revenue of the two office towers jumped 146% to HK$96 million. Occupancy rate of the
Center 66 office tower was 58%, one point up, and that of the Forum 66 office tower
increased to 49% at the reporting date.



18   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Hong Kong


The benefits of asset enhancement initiatives continued to flow through. Despite lukewarm
economic growth and sliding retail sales in Hong Kong, revenue and operating profit of our
diversified Hong Kong leasing portfolio increased 7% to HK$1,869 million and HK$1,604
million. Overall rental margin was 86%.


Hong Kong Property Leasing Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                                                                   Occupancy
                                                                                         Rate
                                                      Revenue                      at June 30,
                                                    (HK$ Million)                        2016
                                             2016          2015        Change

Commercial                                  1,084           963            13%               99%
Office and Industrial/Offices                 581           559             4%               92%
Residential & Serviced Apartments             142           157           -10%               67%
Car Parking                                    62            65            -5%                N/A
Total                                       1,869         1,744              7%


•   Commercial


The Hong Kong commercial portfolio achieved a 13% rental growth to HK$1,084 million in
a challenging environment. The efforts of asset enhancement were rewarded by significant
rental reversions. Occupancy rate was up two points to 99% by the end of June 2016, mainly
attributable to the progressive completion of the upgrade program at Hang Lung Centre in
Causeway Bay and the opening of an H&M flagship store in October 2015.




                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited   19
In May 2016, adidas opened a 14,586 square feet flagship store at Hang Lung Centre, which
combined shopping with a training experience for sports lovers. H&M unveiled its 54,000
square feet full concept flagship store in January 2016 at Mongkok Gala Place, transforming
the mall into a fashionable regional destination. Grand Plaza has become increasingly vibrant
with the opening of a 6,900 square feet Quiksilver/Roxy flagship store. Amoy Plaza, our
community shopping mall in Kowloon East, is much refreshed with better zoning, including
a sports zone featuring a variety of trendy brands. For the first five months of 2016, retail
sales at our properties decreased by 2% against the same period last year, due partly to the
phased closure and revamp of the largest department store in our portfolio, AEON STYLE
store in Kornhill Plaza. Even then, overall retail sales in our malls compared favorably to the
city-wide drop of 11% in Hong Kong during the same period.


Rental revenue of the Causeway Bay and Mongkok commercial portfolio grew by 20% and
17%, respectively, attributable to remarkable rental reversions after the asset enhancement
programs. Our Central commercial portfolio recorded a 7% rental growth. Kornhill Plaza and
Amoy Plaza posted an 11% and 5% increase in income, respectively.


Other efforts to upgrade our properties and further optimize our trade mix in phases will
continue. The Peak Galleria is undergoing an upgrade program, which is expected to
complete in 2018. Kornhill Plaza, our community mall in Hong Kong East, has its major
tenant, AEON STYLE store, undergo a major refurbishment. It was successfully executed
and re-opened on July 8, paying a higher rent. These initiatives will deliver unique shopping
experiences and upon completion provide an impetus to long-term rental growth.


•     Office and Industrial/Offices


The Hong Kong office portfolio recorded a stable rental growth of 4% to HK$581 million,
mainly attributable to positive rental reversions. Hang Lung Centre in Causeway Bay achieved
a 9% rental growth. The Central office portfolio collected 3% more in rents. The Mongkok
portfolio, which includes more service centers and semi-retail tenants, posted a moderate
rental growth of 2%. Occupancy rate of our office portfolio decreased four points to 92%
largely because of a slight drop in occupancy rate in the Mongkok portfolio.




20   Hang Lung Properties Limited
On June 21, 2016, a fire broke out at Amoycan Industrial Centre, an industrial building which
is about 73% jointly owned by Hang Lung Properties and its parent company, Hang Lung
Group Limited. We were deeply saddened by the tragic death of two courageous firefighters
in the course of fighting the blaze. The fire was eventually put out on June 25, after some 108
hours. We have commissioned authorized professionals to conduct a thorough inspection
of the safety and structural integrity of the building and will continue to fully support the
relevant government authorities on the investigations into the cause of the fire. Based on our
preliminary assessment, the overall financial impact on us should not be significant.


•   Residential and Serviced Apartments


Revenue of residential and serviced apartments decreased 10% to HK$142 million due
to lower occupancy rate. Demand for our luxury apartments at The Summit was soft as
corporate clients tightened their accommodation budgets in light of the economic slowdown.
Our Kornhill Apartments faced keen competition from hotels, which offered deep discounts in
response to the decreasing number of visitors from mainland China.

PROPERTY SALES

For the six months ended June 30, 2016, revenue and operating profit of property sales were
up 223% and 147% to HK$2,404 million and HK$1,389 million, respectively. During the first
half of 2016, 226 residential units of The Long Beach and the last two apartments of Carmel-
on-the-Hill were sold, compared to nine units of The HarbourSide and 17 apartments of
AquaMarine being sold in the first six months of 2015. Overall profit margin realized was 58%.


As at June 30, 2016, the book cost of the completed residential properties available for sale
was HK$3,144 million. The properties included 18 semi-detached houses at 23-39 Blue
Pool Road, 446 units of The Long Beach and two duplex units of The HarbourSide. These
properties will be released for sale when market conditions are favorable.




                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited   21
PROPERTY REVALUATION

The total value of our investment properties amounted to HK$127,976 million as at June 30,
2016, which comprised the value of the Hong Kong portfolio and the mainland China portfolio
of HK$57,744 million and HK$70,232 million, respectively. Our investment properties portfolio
was revalued by Savills, an independent valuer, as at June 30, 2016.


An overall revaluation loss of HK$335 million was recorded in the first half of 2016, compared
to a gain of HK$427 million in the corresponding period in 2015. Benefitting from positive
rental reversions of offices in Central, the Hong Kong investment properties recorded a
revaluation gain of HK$78 million. The mainland China portfolio had a revaluation loss of
HK$413 million mainly due to lower valuation of the malls at Forum 66 in Shenyang and
Center 66 in Wuxi.

PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT AND CAPITAL COMMITMENT

The aggregated value of the investment properties under development was HK$16,961
million. They comprised mainland China projects in Kunming, Wuhan and the remaining
phases of projects in Shenyang and Wuxi. The portfolio mainly consists of shopping malls,
office towers, and serviced apartments, etc. These projects represented the majority of Hang
Lung Properties’ capital commitments at the reporting date, amounting to HK$39 billion. They
will be completed in phases over many years and Hang Lung Properties has ample financial
resources to meet the funding needs.


The construction work of Kunming Spring City 66 is progressing as planned. Total gross floor
area of the entire complex is 434,000 square meters, comprising a world-class shopping
center, a Grade A office tower, serviced apartments and about 2,000 car parking spaces.
The shopping mall of Spring City 66 is scheduled to open in late 2018.


Wuhan Heartland 66, covering a total gross floor area of 460,000 square meters, is a
prestigious commercial project which will house a 177,000 square meters shopping mall, a
Grade A office tower, serviced apartments and about 2,400 car parking spaces. This project is
scheduled for completion, in stages, from late 2019.




22   Hang Lung Properties Limited
LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

Hang Lung Properties centrally manages liquidity and financial resources. The aims are to
maintain a high degree of liquidity and ample financial resources to meet future funding needs
of both capital commitments and new investment opportunities.

•    Liquidity Management


The cash flow position and funding needs are closely monitored to ensure that Hang Lung
Properties has a high degree of flexibility and liquidity to meet operational requirements and
seize investment opportunities. This is achieved by keeping sufficient cash resources, having
adequate undrawn committed banking facilities available, and maintaining the USD3 billion
Medium Term Note Program (“MTN”). At June 30, 2016, it had cash and bank balances of
HK$28,733 million. About 92% of the liquid funds were held as RMB bank deposits. The
RMB bank deposits are held as a natural hedge for meeting future construction payments of
projects under development in mainland China.


The currencies of cash and bank balances at the reporting date were as follows:

                                            At June 30, 2016         At December 31, 2015
                                        HK$ Million    % of Total   HK$ Million       % of Total

Denominated in:
  RMB                                        26,531        92.3%         30,102             96.2%
    HKD                                       2,198         7.7%          1,181              3.8%
    USD                                           4            –              6                 –
Total cash and bank balances                 28,733         100%         31,289              100%


With a strong cash position arising from operating cash flow and multiple funding channels,
Hang Lung Properties is well positioned to seize opportunities for long-term expansion.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   23
•     Debt Management


Hang Lung Properties manages the debt portfolio focusing on mitigating the re-financing and
interest rate risks. These risks are well managed by maintaining an appropriate mix of fixed/
floating rate borrowings and a preferred maturity profile.


As at June 30, 2016, total borrowings of Hang Lung Properties were HK$31,567 million.
During the period, proceeds from property sales were used to repay some of the floating rate
HKD bank borrowings, resulting in a lower proportion of floating rate borrowings. The table
below shows the mix of floating rate bank borrowings and fixed rate bonds at the reporting
date.


                                           At June 30, 2016        At December 31, 2015
                                      HK$ Million    % of Total   HK$ Million    % of Total

Floating rate HKD bank loans                8,271        26.2%          9,136        27.9%
Floating rate RMB bank loans               10,674        33.8%         11,031        33.7%
Fixed rate bonds                           12,622        40.0%         12,604        38.4%
   Denominated in USD                       7,758        24.6%          7,751        23.6%
   Denominated in HKD                       4,864        15.4%          4,853        14.8%

Total borrowings                           31,567         100%         32,771         100%




24   Hang Lung Properties Limited
At the balance sheet date, the average tenor of the entire loan portfolio was 4.0 years
(December 31, 2015: 3.9 years), with a well staggered maturity profile as below:


                                               At June 30, 2016          At December 31, 2015
                                          HK$ Million     % of Total    HK$ Million       % of Total

Repayable:
  Within 1 year                                 2,308          7.3%           4,693             14.3%
  After 1 but within 2 years                    2,313          7.3%           1,862              5.7%
  After 2 but within 5 years                   17,673         56.0%          12,155             37.1%
  Over 5 years                                  9,273         29.4%          14,061             42.9%
Total borrowings                               31,567          100%          32,771              100%


The overall average cost of borrowings for the first half of 2016 was 4.1% (2015: 4.2%),
comprising average cost of borrowings of floating rate bank borrowings at 3.8% (2015:
4.1%) and fixed rate bonds at 4.6% (2015: 4.6%). Gross interest expenses incurred during
the period amounted to HK$668 million (2015: HK$764 million), which was lower than the
corresponding period last year. Two factors contributed to the decrease in gross interest
expenses. Firstly, the average bank borrowings balance in Hong Kong has reduced because
of cash generated from property sales. Secondly, the average cost of borrowings in mainland
China has also reduced due to the reductions in benchmark lending rates by the People’s
Bank of China. After netting off a lower interest capitalization upon completion of projects
under development, finance costs charged to the statement of profit or loss for the first half of
2016 amounted to HK$540 million (2015: HK$528 million).


For the first half of 2016, interest income was HK$470 million (2015: HK$614 million).
Decrease in interest income was due to lower RMB deposit rates and deposit balance.
Overall, net finance costs i.e. the excess of finance costs over interest income for the first half
of 2016 was HK$70 million (2015: net interest income of HK$86 million).




                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited   25
•     Foreign Exchange Management


The activities of Hang Lung Properties are exposed to foreign currency risks which mainly
arise from its operations in mainland China and certain bank deposits denominated in RMB
held in and relating to mainland China entities. In addition, it has exposure to USD arising
from the two USD500 million bonds issued.


If appropriate, Hang Lung Properties may use derivative financial instruments for controlling or
hedging foreign exchange risk exposures. Use of such instruments for speculative purposes is
strictly prohibited. Derivative financial instruments currently used by Hang Lung Properties are
cross currency swaps, with details set out in section (b) below.


Given that certain of the investments and operations are located in mainland China, Hang
Lung Properties has exposure represented by the amount of net assets denominated in
RMB. It endeavors to establish an appropriate level of external local borrowings in RMB up
to the extent permitted by the prevailing regulations in order to minimize the foreign currency
exposure.


(a) RMB Exposure


The RMB exposure of Hang Lung Properties is mainly derived from two respects of our
operations. These are, firstly, the net assets of our Mainland subsidiaries which mostly
comprise investment properties such as shopping malls, office towers and projects under
development. Secondly, they are the RMB deposits held in and relating to mainland China
entities which are primarily for the purposes of settling future construction payments in RMB
of those projects under development in mainland China.


At June 30, 2016, the amount of net assets on the Mainland amounted to RMB59 billion. The
re-translation of these net assets denominated in RMB into HKD using the exchange rate as
at the reporting date resulted in a re-translation loss of HK$1,430 million, as RMB depreciated
by 2% compared to December 31, 2015. By the same token, the RMB deposits held in Hong
Kong equivalent to HK$20,144 million had to be re-translated into HKD as well and they
accounted for HK$231 million of the re-translation loss for the first six months of 2016. The
total re-translation loss of HK$1,661 million for the first half of 2016 (2015: re-translation gain
of HK$12 million) was recognized in other comprehensive income/exchange reserve.




26   Hang Lung Properties Limited
As a result of the continuous update of our business plan and changes in relevant rules and
regulations in mainland China, the amount of funds needed in mainland China will change
over time. Taking into consideration various factors such as regulatory constraints on local
RMB borrowings, the business environment and project progress, etc., regular reviews have
been conducted to assess the level of funding requirements in mainland China. We will make
necessary modification to the currency hedging arrangement when appropriate.

(b) USD Exposure

The USD foreign exchange exposure of Hang Lung Properties is related to the USD1 billion
fixed rate bonds issued, equivalent to HK$7,758 million at the reporting date. The related
currency exchange risk was covered back-to-back by two USD/HKD cross currency swap
contracts. The swap contracts were entered into in order to fix the exchange rate between
USD and HKD for future interest payments and principal repayments. Accounting rules
stipulate that the swap contracts be marked to market value at each reporting date. Any
differences in the marked to market valuation between the reporting dates shall be treated
as unrealized gain or loss for the period. For the six months ended June 30, 2016, the swap
contracts had an unrealized fair value gain of HK$164 million (2015: fair value loss of HK$65
million). Related unrealized valuation gains and losses will be self-correcting upon expiry of
the swap contracts.

•   Gearing Ratios and Interest Cover

As at June 30, 2016, Hang Lung Properties had a net debt balance of HK$2,834 million
(December 31, 2015: HK$1,482 million). Net debt to equity ratio and debt to equity ratio as
at June 30, 2016, were 2.1% (December 31, 2015: 1.1%) and 23.6% (December 31, 2015:
24.3%), respectively.

The debt servicing capability, interest cover, for the first six months of 2016 was 21 times
(2015: 21 times).

•   Charge of Assets

Assets of Hang Lung Properties were not charged to any third parties as at June 30, 2016.

•   Contingent Liabilities

Hang Lung Properties did not have any material contingent liabilities as at June 30, 2016.




                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited   27
OUTLOOK

In the second half of 2016, it is expected that both mainland China and Hong Kong will
continue to face the challenges posed by slow economic growth and weak retail consumption
sentiment. The decision of Britain leaving the European Union (“Brexit”) has also increased
the uncertainty of global economic outlook. Although the immediate impact of Brexit on our
business is unlikely to be significant, the medium to long-term effect remains unknown. We
will closely monitor the ensuing development. In response to these tough market conditions,
we will continue to raise our facilities and service standards to enhance the shopping
experience at our malls and at the same time closely manage our operating costs. In addition
to introducing new retail ideas to our malls, we will launch more promotion programs to help
our tenants drive sales.


Backed by our financial strength, various asset enhancement programs will continue both
in Hong Kong and in Shanghai. Some short-term rental loss may be inevitable during the
renovation period. Projects under development in mainland China will continue to proceed as
planned. It is anticipated that the completion of various enhancement programs and projects
will match the gradual recovery in the retail cycle, yielding highly positive results in the future.


We will continue to closely monitor the residential property market in Hong Kong, and will sell
some of the residential units on hand and may further build our land bank when opportunities
arise.




28   Hang Lung Properties Limited
OTHER INFORMATION

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

We are committed to maintaining highest standards of corporate governance. During
the six months ended June 30, 2016, we adopted corporate governance principles that
emphasize a qualified Board of Directors (the “Board”), sound internal control and effective
risk management to enhance transparency and accountability towards our stakeholders.
The general framework of our corporate governance practices is set out in our corporate
governance report in the 2015 annual report, which is available on our website under
Financial Report of Financial Information of the Investor Relations section.

The Board


The Board currently consists of nine members: comprising three Executive Directors and six
Independent Non-Executive Directors. There is a clear division of responsibilities between
the Chairman and the Managing Director. The Board continues to review its practices from
time to time, constantly seeking to improve the Group’s corporate governance procedures in
accordance with international best practices. An updated list of Board members identifying
their roles and functions and whether they are Independent Non-Executive Directors is
maintained on our website and the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited
(“HKEx”). The biographical details of Board members are also maintained on our website
under Board of Directors of Corporate Governance of the Investor Relations section.

Nomination and Remuneration Committee


Our Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which is chaired by an Independent Non-
Executive Director, currently consists of three Independent Non-Executive Directors. The
Committee members meet not less than once a year. Its duties include reviewing significant
changes in the salary structure of the Group and terms and conditions affecting Executive
Directors and senior management. The Committee members also conduct regular reviews
of the Board’s structure, size and diversity, and make recommendations to the Board on the
appointment, re-appointment and succession planning of Directors and suchlike. The terms
of reference of the Committee can be accessed on both our website and the website of
HKEx.




                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited   29
Audit Committee


Our Audit Committee, which is chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director, currently
consists of four Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Committee members meet
not less than four times a year. Meetings are normally attended by external and internal
auditors, the chief financial officer and the company secretary for the purposes of, inter alia,
discussing the nature and scope of internal audit work and assessing the Company’s internal
control. The terms of reference of the Committee, which include duties regarding corporate
governance functions, are available on both our website and the website of HKEx. The Audit
Committee has reviewed this interim report, including the unaudited interim financial report for
the six months ended June 30, 2016, and has recommended their adoption by the Board.


This interim financial report is unaudited but has been reviewed by KPMG, our auditor, in
accordance with the Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of interim
financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity” issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. KPMG’s Review Report to the Board of the
Company is set out on pages 36 to 37 of this interim report.

Compliance with Corporate Governance Code


During the six months ended June 30, 2016, we have complied with the code provisions set
out in the revised Corporate Governance Code (effective from accounting period beginning
on January 1, 2016) as stated in Appendix 14 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
(the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

Compliance with Model Code contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules


We have adopted a code of conduct with regard to securities transactions by Directors
(the “Code of Conduct”) on terms that are no less exacting than the required standard set
out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained
in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”). The Company has made specific
enquiries to all Directors and confirmed that they have complied with the required standard
set out in the Model Code and the Code of Conduct regarding Directors’ securities
transactions throughout the six months ended June 30, 2016.




30   Hang Lung Properties Limited
CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS PURSUANT TO LISTING
RULE 13.51B(1)

The changes in information of the Directors are set out below:

Dr. Andrew K.C. Chan
– appointed as the president of the Hong Kong Academy of Engineering Sciences.

Ms. Anita Y.M. Fung
– appointed as a director of The Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited; and
– appointed as a trustee of Asia Society Hong Kong Center.

Save as disclosed above, there is no other information to be disclosed pursuant to rule
13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING
SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at June 30, 2016, the interests or short positions of each of the Directors in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within
the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were required to
be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Part XV of the SFO or
pursuant to the Model Code or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
Company under section 352 of the SFO are as follows:

                                                         The Company                        Hang Lung Group Limited
                                                        (Long Position)                         (Long Position)
                                                                % of Number of                           % of Number of
                                                            Number Shares under                      Number Shares under
                                             Number        of Issued     Option         Number      of Issued     Option
Name of Directors   Capacity                of Shares        Shares     (Note 1)       of Shares      Shares     (Note 2)


Ronnie C. Chan      Personal               16,330,000           0.36      27,490,000   8,840,000         0.65      2,950,000
Philip N.L. Chen    Personal                        –              –      21,500,000           –            –              –
Ronald J. Arculli   Personal & Corporate      724,346           0.02               –   1,089,975         0.08              –
Dominic C.F. Ho     –                               –              –               –           –            –              –
Nelson W.L. Yuen    Personal                        –              –      24,320,000           –            –              –
Andrew K.C. Chan    –                               –              –               –           –            –              –
H.K. Chang          –                               –              –               –           –            –              –
Anita Y.M. Fung     –                               –              –               –           –            –              –
H.C. Ho             Personal                        –              –      10,450,000           –            –              –

                                                                                            Hang Lung Properties Limited   31
Notes

1.    Movement of Options under the Share Option Schemes of the Company

      (i)   Share Option Scheme adopted on November 22, 2002

                                              Number of Shares under Option
                                                          Exercised               Exercise Price
      Date Granted                               As at       during         As at     per Share      Vested Dates     Expiry Date
      (mm/dd/yyyy)     Name               Jan 1, 2016    the Period Jun 30, 2016           (HK$)      (mm/dd/yyyy)   (mm/dd/yyyy)


      08/21/2007       Ronnie C. Chan      3,640,000             –     3,640,000         $25.00    08/21/2008: 10%    08/20/2017
                       Nelson W.L. Yuen    3,510,000             –     3,510,000                   08/21/2009: 20%
                                                                                                   08/21/2010: 30%
                                                                                                   08/21/2011: 40%


      08/21/2007       Ronnie C. Chan      5,600,000             –     5,600,000         $25.00    08/21/2009: 10%    08/20/2017
                       Nelson W.L. Yuen    5,400,000             –     5,400,000                   08/21/2010: 20%
                                                                                                   08/21/2011: 30%
                                                                                                   08/21/2012: 40%


      09/01/2008       H.C. Ho               300,000             –       300,000         $24.20    09/01/2010: 10%    08/31/2018
                                                                                                   09/01/2011: 20%
                                                                                                   09/01/2012: 30%
                                                                                                   09/01/2013: 40%


      12/31/2008       Nelson W.L. Yuen    8,910,000             –     8,910,000         $17.36    12/31/2010: 10%    12/30/2018
                       H.C. Ho               300,000             –       300,000                   12/31/2011: 20%
                                                                                                   12/31/2012: 30%
                                                                                                   12/31/2013: 40%


      02/08/2010       Ronnie C. Chan      6,500,000             –     6,500,000         $26.46    02/08/2012: 10%    02/07/2020
                       Nelson W.L. Yuen    6,500,000             –     6,500,000                   02/08/2013: 20%
                                                                                                   02/08/2014: 30%
                                                                                                   02/08/2015: 40%


      07/29/2010       Philip N.L. Chen   10,000,000             –    10,000,000         $33.05    07/29/2012: 10%    07/28/2020
                                                                                                   07/29/2013: 20%
                                                                                                   07/29/2014: 30%
                                                                                                   07/29/2015: 40%


      09/29/2010       H.C. Ho             2,000,000             –     2,000,000         $36.90    09/29/2012: 10%    09/28/2020
                                                                                                   09/29/2013: 20%
                                                                                                   09/29/2014: 30%
                                                                                                   09/29/2015: 40%


      06/13/2011       Ronnie C. Chan      4,500,000             –     4,500,000         $30.79    06/13/2013: 10%    06/12/2021
                       Philip N.L. Chen    4,500,000             –     4,500,000                   06/13/2014: 20%
                       H.C. Ho             3,000,000             –     3,000,000                   06/13/2015: 30%
                                                                                                   06/13/2016: 40%


32   Hang Lung Properties Limited
1.   Movement of Options under the Share Option Schemes of the Company (continued)

     (ii)   Share Option Scheme adopted on April 18, 2012

                                              Number of Shares under Option
                                                          Exercised               Exercise Price
     Date Granted                                As at       during         As at     per Share         Vested Dates     Expiry Date
     (mm/dd/yyyy)      Name               Jan 1, 2016    the Period Jun 30, 2016           (HK$)         (mm/dd/yyyy)   (mm/dd/yyyy)

     #
      06/04/2013       Ronnie C. Chan      4,500,000             –     4,500,000         $28.20      06/04/2015: 10%     06/03/2023
                       Philip N.L. Chen    4,500,000             –     4,500,000                     06/04/2016: 20%
                       H.C. Ho             3,000,000             –     3,000,000                     06/04/2017: 30%
                                                                                                     06/04/2018: 40%


     #
      12/05/2014       Ronnie C. Chan      2,750,000             –     2,750,000         $22.60      12/05/2016: 10%     12/04/2024
                       Philip N.L. Chen    2,500,000             –     2,500,000                     12/05/2017: 20%
                       H.C. Ho             1,850,000             –     1,850,000                     12/05/2018: 30%
                                                                                                     12/05/2019: 40%


     #
            Mr. Adriel Wenbwo Chan (a full time employee of the Company and an associate of a director of the Company)
            was granted and held share options to subscribe for 200,000 shares and 150,000 shares in the Company at
            respective exercise prices per share of HK$28.20 and HK$22.60.

2.   Movement of Options under the Share Option Scheme of Hang Lung Group Limited

                                              Number of Shares under Option
                                                          Exercised               Exercise Price
     Date Granted                                As at       during         As at     per Share         Vested Dates     Expiry Date
     (mm/dd/yyyy)      Name               Jan 1, 2016    the Period Jun 30, 2016           (HK$)         (mm/dd/yyyy)   (mm/dd/yyyy)


     11/20/2006        Ronnie C. Chan      6,700,000     3,750,000     2,950,000         $20.52      11/20/2007: 10%     11/19/2016
                                                                                                     11/20/2008: 20%
                                                                                                     11/20/2009: 30%
                                                                                                     11/20/2010: 40%



Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors of the Company had, as at June 30, 2016,
any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the
Company or any associated corporations.


Other than as stated above, at no time during the six months ended June 30, 2016 was
the Company, its holding company or any of their respective subsidiaries a party to any
arrangement to enable the Directors of the Company (including their spouses and children
under 18 years of age) to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in or debentures
of the Company or any other body corporate.



                                                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited   33
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at June 30, 2016, details of substantial shareholders’ and other persons’ (who are required
to disclose their interests pursuant to Part XV of the SFO) interests and short positions in the
shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept
under section 336 of the SFO are as follows:

                                                                     Number of Shares or                  % of Number of
                                                                   Underlying Shares Held                  Issued Shares
Name                                                   Note                (Long Position)                (Long Position)


Chan Tan Ching Fen                                       1                    2,504,982,340                          55.70
Cole Enterprises Holdings (PTC) Limited                  1                    2,504,982,340                          55.70
Merssion Limited                                         1                    2,504,982,340                          55.70
Hang Lung Group Limited                                  2                    2,476,649,240                          55.07
Prosperland Housing Limited                              3                    1,267,608,690                          30.60
Purotat Limited                                          3                      354,227,500                           8.55
First Eagle Investment Management, LLC                   4                      243,099,203                           5.41

Notes

1.    These shares were the same parcel of shares held by a trust of which Ms. Chan Tan Ching Fen was the founder. Cole
      Enterprises Holdings (PTC) Limited was the trustee of the trust. Cole Enterprises Holdings (PTC) Limited and Merssion
      Limited held 36.69% interests in Hang Lung Group Limited (“HLGL”). The shares held by HLGL and its subsidiaries
      were included in the above-mentioned number of 2,504,982,340.

2.    These shares were held by the wholly-owned subsidiaries of HLGL and as such HLGL was deemed to be interested in
      these shareholdings.

3.    These companies are wholly-owned subsidiaries of HLGL. Their interests were included in the above-mentioned
      number of 2,476,649,240 shares held by HLGL.

4.    These shares were held in the capacity of investment manager.


Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2016, no other interests or short positions in the
shares or underlying shares of the Company which are required to be recorded in the register
kept under section 336 of the SFO has been notified to the Company.




34   Hang Lung Properties Limited
PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

During the six months ended June 30, 2016, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
purchased, sold or redeemed any of its listed securities.

EMPLOYEES

As at June 30, 2016, the number of employees was 4,722 (comprising 1,272 Hong Kong
employees and 3,450 mainland China employees). The total employee costs for the six
months ended June 30, 2016 amounted to HK$671 million. We provide competitive
remuneration packages for all employees including discretionary bonuses payable to
employees based on individual performance. We regularly review the remuneration packages
to ensure that they comply with relevant regulatory requirements and market conditions. The
Company has share option schemes for the executives and provides professional and high-
quality training for all employees.




                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited   35
REVIEW REPORT TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
HANG LUNG PROPERTIES LIMITED
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the interim financial report set out on pages 38 to 58 which comprises the
consolidated statement of financial position of Hang Lung Properties Limited (“the Company”)
as of June 30, 2016 and the related consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of
changes in equity and condensed consolidated cash flow statement for the six-month
period then ended and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of an interim financial
report to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting
Standard 34, Interim financial reporting, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the interim
financial report in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34.


Our responsibility is to form a conclusion, based on our review, on the interim financial report
and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of
engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements
2410, Review of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the
entity, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A review of the
interim financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong
Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we
would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly,
we do not express an audit opinion.




36   Hang Lung Properties Limited
CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that
the interim financial report as at June 30, 2016 is not prepared, in all material respects, in
accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34, Interim financial reporting.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong


July 28, 2016




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   37
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
For the six months ended June 30, 2016 (Unaudited)



                                                                                  For information purpose only
                                                          2016           2015          2016             2015
                                          Note       HK$ Million    HK$ Million   RMB Million      RMB Million

Revenue                                   2(a)             6,311         4,607           5,311           3,673
Direct costs and operating expenses                       (1,991)       (1,084)         (1,674)           (862)
Gross profit                                              4,320          3,523           3,637           2,811
Other net income                            3               159              8             135               6
Administrative expenses                                    (307)          (330)           (259)           (265)
Operating profit before changes in
 fair value of investment properties                      4,172          3,201           3,513           2,552
Net (decrease)/increase in fair value
  of investment properties                                 (335)           427            (284)           341
Operating profit after changes in
 fair value of investment properties                      3,837          3,628           3,229           2,893
Interest income                                             470            614             396             491
Finance costs                                              (540)          (528)           (455)           (420)
Net interest (expense)/income               4                (70)           86             (59)             71
Share of profits of joint ventures                            30            37              25              30
Profit before taxation                  2(a) & 5          3,797          3,751           3,195           2,994
Taxation                                  6(a)             (656)          (665)           (551)           (529)
Profit for the period                                     3,141          3,086           2,644           2,465
Attributable to:
  Shareholders                                            2,935          2,841           2,471           2,271
  Non-controlling interests                                 206            245             173             194
                                                          3,141          3,086           2,644           2,465
Earnings per share                        8(a)
  Basic                                                HK$0.65        HK$0.63        RMB0.55         RMB0.51
  Diluted                                              HK$0.65        HK$0.63        RMB0.55         RMB0.51




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report. Details of dividends payable
to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the period are set out in note 7.

38   Hang Lung Properties Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the six months ended June 30, 2016 (Unaudited)



                                                                                  For information purpose only
                                                          2016           2015          2016             2015
                                            Note     HK$ Million    HK$ Million   RMB Million      RMB Million

Profit for the period                                     3,141          3,086           2,644            2,465
Other comprehensive income                  6(b)
Item that may be reclassified
   subsequently to profit or loss:
   Exchange difference arising from
     translation of foreign subsidiaries/
     to presentation currency                             (1,661)           12            476                (50)
Total comprehensive income
  for the period                                          1,480          3,098           3,120            2,415
Total comprehensive income
  attributable to:
  Shareholders                                            1,385          2,858           2,940            2,225
  Non-controlling interests                                  95            240             180              190
                                                          1,480          3,098           3,120            2,415




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

                                                                                  Hang Lung Properties Limited    39
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
At June 30, 2016



                                               (Unaudited)    (Audited)   For information purpose only
                                                 June 30, December 31,      June 30, December 31,
                                                    2016         2015          2016         2015
                                        Note   HK$ Million  HK$ Million   RMB Million  RMB Million

Non-current assets
 Property, plant and equipment
   Investment properties                 9        127,976      129,425        109,561         108,981
       Investment properties under
          development                    9         16,961       16,709         14,496          13,998
       Other property, plant and
          equipment                                  334           336            286             283
                                                  145,271      146,470        124,343         123,262
     Interest in joint ventures                     1,245        1,241          1,068           1,052
     Other assets                                       3            4              3               3
     Deferred tax assets                               11           11              9               9
                                                  146,530      147,726        125,423         124,326
Current assets
 Cash and deposits with banks           10         28,733       31,289         24,628          26,432
 Trade and other receivables            11          2,282        1,173          1,955             987
 Properties for sale                                3,144        3,830          2,697           3,245
                                                   34,159       36,292         29,280          30,664
Current liabilities
 Bank loans and other borrowings        12          2,308        4,693           1,976           3,961
     Trade and other payables           13          5,945        6,806           5,088           5,723
     Taxation payable                                 692          501             593             421
                                                    8,945       12,000           7,657         10,105
Net current assets                                 25,214       24,292         21,623          20,559
Total assets less current liabilities             171,744      172,018        147,046         144,885




40    Hang Lung Properties Limited
                                          (Unaudited)    (Audited)   For information purpose only
                                            June 30, December 31,      June 30, December 31,
                                               2016         2015          2016         2015
                                   Note   HK$ Million  HK$ Million   RMB Million  RMB Million

Non-current liabilities
 Bank loans and other borrowings   12         29,259       28,078         25,070            23,702
 Deferred tax liabilities                      8,808        9,048          7,529             7,584
                                              38,067       37,126         32,599            31,286
NET ASSETS                                   133,677      134,892        114,447          113,599
Capital and reserves
  Share capital                    14         39,903       39,903         37,423            37,423
  Reserves                                    87,914       89,086         72,016            71,231
Shareholders’ equity                         127,817      128,989        109,439          108,654
Non-controlling interests                      5,860        5,903          5,008            4,945
TOTAL EQUITY                                 133,677      134,892        114,447          113,599




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited    41
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the six months ended June 30, 2016 (Unaudited)


                                                       Shareholders’ equity
                                                                                                   Non-
                                              Share       Other       Retained               controlling     Total
                                             capital   reserves         profits      Total     interests    equity
                                         HK$ Million HK$ Million    HK$ Million HK$ Million HK$ Million HK$ Million
                                           (Note 14)   (Note 16)      (Note 16)

At January 1, 2016                           39,903        2,849        86,237     128,989       5,903      134,892
Profit for the period                             –            –         2,935       2,935         206        3,141
Exchange difference arising from
  translation of foreign subsidiaries             –       (1,550)             –      (1,550)      (111)      (1,661)
Total comprehensive income
   for the period                                 –       (1,550)        2,935       1,385          95        1,480
Final dividend in respect of
   previous financial year                        –           –         (2,608)      (2,608)          –      (2,608)
Employee share-based payments                     –          34             17           51           –          51
Dividends paid to
   non-controlling interests                      –            –              –           –       (138)        (138)
At June 30, 2016                             39,903        1,333        86,581     127,817       5,860      133,677
At January 1, 2015                           39,663        8,151        84,513     132,327       6,676      139,003
Profit for the period                             –            –         2,841       2,841         245        3,086
Exchange difference arising from
   translation of foreign subsidiaries            –          17               –         17           (5)        12
Total comprehensive income
   for the period                                 –          17          2,841       2,858         240        3,098
Final dividend in respect of
   previous financial year                        –            –        (2,646)      (2,646)          –      (2,646)
Issue of shares                                   4           (1)            –            3           –           3
Employee share-based payments                     –          64             11           75           –          75
Dividends paid to
   non-controlling interests                      –            –              –           –        (558)       (558)
At June 30, 2015                             39,667        8,231        84,719     132,617       6,358      138,975




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

42   Hang Lung Properties Limited
For information purpose only

                                                        Shareholders’ equity
                                                                                                 Non-
                                               Share       Other    Retained               controlling     Total
                                              capital   reserves      profits      Total     interests    equity
                                          RMB Million RMB Million RMB Million RMB Million RMB Million RMB Million

At January 1, 2016                           37,423         (786)       72,017     108,654        4,945       113,599
Profit for the period                             –            –         2,471       2,471          173         2,644
Exchange difference arising from
   translation to presentation currency           –         469                –      469              7           476
Total comprehensive income
   for the period                                 –         469          2,471       2,940          180          3,120
Final dividend in respect of
   previous financial year                        –           –         (2,199)     (2,199)            –        (2,199)
Employee share-based payments                     –          30             14          44             –            44
Dividends paid to
   non-controlling interests                      –            –               –         –         (117)          (117)
At June 30, 2016                             37,423         (287)       72,303     109,439        5,008       114,447
At January 1, 2015                           37,224       (2,656)       70,611     105,179        5,266       110,445
Profit for the period                             –            –         2,271       2,271          194         2,465
Exchange difference arising from
   translation to presentation currency           –          (46)              –       (46)           (4)          (50)
Total comprehensive income
   for the period                                 –          (46)        2,271       2,225          190          2,415
Final dividend in respect of
   previous financial year                        –           –         (2,119)     (2,119)            –        (2,119)
Issue of shares                                   3           –              –           3             –             3
Employee share-based payments                     –          51              9          60             –            60
Dividends paid to
   non-controlling interests                      –            –               –         –         (442)          (442)
At June 30, 2015                             37,227       (2,651)       70,772     105,348        5,014       110,362




                                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited     43
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
For the six months ended June 30, 2016 (Unaudited)



                                                                                    For information purpose only
                                                            2016           2015          2016              2015
                                                       HK$ Million    HK$ Million   RMB Million       RMB Million

Operating activities
  Cash generated from operations                            3,577          3,037          3,008             2,428
  Income tax paid                                            (535)          (613)          (451)             (485)
Net cash generated from operating activities                3,042          2,424          2,557             1,943
Investing activities
  Payment for property, plant and equipment                 (1,345)       (3,018)         (1,131)          (2,385)
  Decrease/(Increase) in bank deposits
    with maturity greater than three months                 3,654         (8,621)         3,084            (6,904)
  Other cash flows arising from investing activities          569            649            480               519
Net cash generated from/(used in) investing
  activities                                                2,878        (10,990)         2,433            (8,770)
Financing activities
  Proceeds from new bank loans and other
     borrowings                                              2,481         2,917           2,092            2,320
  Repayments of bank loans                                  (3,495)       (2,918)         (2,946)          (2,341)
  Interest and other borrowing costs paid                     (684)         (748)           (576)            (594)
  Dividends paid                                            (2,608)       (2,646)         (2,199)          (2,119)
  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                 (138)         (558)           (117)            (442)
  Other cash flows arising from financing activities             –             3               –                3
Net cash used in financing activities                       (4,444)       (3,950)         (3,746)          (3,173)
Increase/(Decrease) in cash and cash equivalents            1,476        (12,516)         1,244           (10,000)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                      (386)            18             33                 (1)
Cash and cash equivalents at January 1                     26,870         39,887         22,690            31,830
Cash and cash equivalents at June 30                       27,960         27,389         23,967           21,829
Analysis of the balance of cash and
  cash equivalents:
Cash and deposits with banks                               28,733         36,069         24,628           28,779
Less: Bank deposits with maturity greater than
         three months                                        (773)        (8,680)           (661)          (6,950)
Cash and cash equivalents                                  27,960         27,389         23,967           21,829




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

44   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

1.   BASIS OF PREPARATION

     The unaudited interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong
     Accounting Standard (“HKAS”) 34, Interim Financial Reporting, issued by the Hong Kong Institute
     of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules
     Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

     The preparation of interim financial report in conformity with HKAS 34 requires management to
     make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported
     amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses on a year to date basis. Actual results may
     differ from these estimates.

     The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG in accordance with
     Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial information
     performed by the independent auditor of the entity, issued by the HKICPA. KPMG’s independent
     review report to the Board of Directors is included on page 36 to 37.

     The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the same accounting policies
     adopted in the 2015 annual financial statements.

     The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
     (“HKFRSs”) that are first effective for the current accounting period of the Group. The adoption of
     these amendments to HKFRSs does not have significant impact on the Group’s interim financial
     report.

     The financial information relating to the financial year ended December 31, 2015 that is included
     in the interim financial report as comparative information does not constitute the Company’s
     statutory annual consolidated financial statements for that financial year but is derived from those
     financial statements. Further information relating to these statutory financial statements disclosed
     in accordance with section 436 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) is as follows:

     The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2015 to
     the Registrar of Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of Schedule 6 to, the
     Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     The Company’s auditor has reported on those financial statements. The auditor’s report was
     unqualified; did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditor drew attention by way
     of emphasis without qualifying its report; and did not contain a statement under sections 406(2),
     407(2) or 407(3) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     The interim financial report of the Group are presented in Hong Kong dollars. The presentation of
     Renminbi amounts in this interim financial report is for information purpose only.




                                                                              Hang Lung Properties Limited   45
1.    BASIS OF PREPARATION (continued)

      The results and financial position of all operations that have a functional currency different from
      the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

      (a)   assets and liabilities are translated at the closing exchange rated at the end of the reporting
            period;

      (b)   income and expenses are translated at the exchange rates approximating the exchange
            rates ruling at the dates of the transactions; and

      (c)   all resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income and
            accumulated separately in equity in the exchange reserve.

2.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

      The Group manages its businesses according to the nature of services and products provided.
      Management has determined three reportable operating segments for the measurement of
      performance and the allocation of resources. The segments are property leasing in Hong Kong
      and mainland China and property sales in Hong Kong.

      Property leasing segment includes property leasing operation. The Group’s investment properties
      portfolio, which mainly consists of retail, office, residential, serviced apartments and carparks
      are primarily located in Hong Kong and mainland China. Property sales segment includes
      development and sale of the Group’s trading properties in Hong Kong.

      Management evaluates performance primarily based on profit before taxation.

      Segment assets principally comprise all non-current assets and current assets directly attributable
      to each segment with the exception of interest in joint ventures, other assets, deferred tax assets
      and cash and deposits with banks. The investment properties of the Group are included in
      segment assets at their fair values whilst the changes in fair value of investment properties are not
      included in segment profits. No segment liabilities analysis is presented as the Group monitors
      and manages its liabilities on a group basis.




46   Hang Lung Properties Limited
2.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

     (a)   Revenue and results by segments

                                                           Revenue               Profit before taxation
                                                         2016          2015          2016              2015
                                                    HK$ Million   HK$ Million   HK$ Million       HK$ Million

           Segment
           Property leasing
            – Mainland China (Note)                      2,038         2,118          1,327             1,464
            – Hong Kong                                  1,869         1,744          1,604             1,497
                                                         3,907         3,862          2,931             2,961
           Property sales
             – Hong Kong                                 2,404           745          1,389               562
           Segment total                                 6,311         4,607          4,320             3,523
           Other net income                                                             159                 8
           Administrative expenses                                                     (307)             (330)
           Operating profit before changes in
             fair value of investment properties                                      4,172             3,201
           Net (decrease)/increase in fair value
             of investment properties                                                  (335)              427
             – property leasing in Hong Kong                                             78               334
             – property leasing in mainland China                                      (413)               93
           Interest income                                                              470               614
           Finance costs                                                               (540)             (528)
           Net interest (expense)/income                                                 (70)              86
           Share of profits of joint ventures                                             30               37
           Profit before taxation                                                     3,797             3,751

           Note: Pursuant to Caishui [2016] No. 36 jointly issued by China’s Ministry of Finance and
                 State Administration of Taxation, from May 1, 2016, Value-Added Tax (“VAT”) has
                 replaced Business Tax (“BT”) to cover all the sectors which were previously falling
                 under the BT regime. The VAT rate for property leasing is 11% and VAT is excluded
                 from revenue. With effect from May 1, 2016, the Group is no longer required to pay
                 BT for property leasing.




                                                                                Hang Lung Properties Limited    47
2.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

      (b)   Total assets by segments

                                                                          Total assets
                                                                      June 30,      December 31,
                                                                         2016              2015
                                                                    HK$ Million       HK$ Million

            Segment
            Property leasing
              – Mainland China                                           88,149           89,419
              – Hong Kong                                                58,366           58,202
                                                                       146,515           147,621
            Property sales
              – Hong Kong                                                 4,182            3,852
            Segment total                                              150,697           151,473
            Interest in joint ventures                                   1,245             1,241
            Other assets                                                     3                 4
            Deferred tax assets                                             11                11
            Cash and deposits with banks                                28,733            31,289
            Total assets                                               180,689           184,018

3.    OTHER NET INCOME

                                                                         2016              2015
                                                                    HK$ Million       HK$ Million

      Gain on disposal of investment properties                               2               67
      Unrealized gain/(loss) on remeasurement of derivative
        financial instruments (Note)                                        164               (65)
      Net exchange (loss)/gain                                                (7)               6
                                                                            159                8

      Note: Derivative financial instruments represent USD/HKD cross currency swaps, which were
            entered into for the purpose of fixing the exchange rate for the Medium Term Note
            denominated in USD.




48   Hang Lung Properties Limited
4.   NET INTEREST (EXPENSE)/INCOME

                                                                    2016                2015
                                                               HK$ Million         HK$ Million

     Interest income on bank deposits                                  470                  614
     Interest expenses on bank loans and other borrowings              640                  716
     Other borrowing costs                                              28                   48
     Total borrowing costs                                             668                  764
     Less: Borrowing costs capitalized                                (128)                (236)
     Finance costs                                                     540                  528
     Net interest (expense)/income                                      (70)                    86

5.   PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

                                                                    2016                2015
                                                               HK$ Million         HK$ Million

     Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:
     Cost of properties sold                                           820                  113
     Staff costs, including employee share-based payments of
       HK$51 million (2015: HK$75 million)                             671                  632
     Depreciation                                                       27                   24




                                                                 Hang Lung Properties Limited    49
6.    TAXATION

      (a)   Provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% (2015: 16.5%) of the estimated
            assessable profits for the period. Mainland China Income Tax represents China Corporate
            Income Tax calculated at 25% (2015: 25%) and China withholding income tax at the
            applicable rates. A withholding tax of 5% is levied on the Hong Kong companies in respect
            of dividend distributions arising from profits of foreign investment enterprises in mainland
            China earned after January 1, 2008.

                                                                                2016             2015
                                                                           HK$ Million      HK$ Million

            Current tax
             Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                 414              265
             Mainland China Income Tax                                             316              331
                                                                                   730              596
            Deferred tax
             Change in fair value of investment properties                        (104)              24
             Other origination and reversal of temporary differences                30               45
                                                                                    (74)             69
            Total income tax expense                                               656              665

      (b)   There is no tax effect relating to the component of the other comprehensive income for the
            period.

7.    DIVIDENDS

      (a)   Interim dividend

                                                                                2016             2015
                                                                           HK$ Million      HK$ Million

            Proposed after the end of the reporting period:
              HK17 cents (2015: HK17 cents) per share                              765              763

            The dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognized as a
            liability at the end of the reporting period.

      (b)   Final dividend approved and paid during the period

                                                                                2016             2015
                                                                           HK$ Million      HK$ Million

            2015 Final dividend of HK58 cents
              (2014: HK59 cents) per share                                       2,608            2,646




50   Hang Lung Properties Limited
8.   EARNINGS PER SHARE

     (a)   The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the following data:

                                                                                  2016                 2015
                                                                             HK$ Million          HK$ Million

           Earnings for calculation of basic and diluted earnings per
             share (net profit attributable to shareholders)                        2,935                2,841

                                                                                 Number of shares
                                                                                   2016                  2015
                                                                                  Million               Million

           Weighted average number of shares used in calculating
            basic and diluted earnings per share (Note)                             4,497                4,485

           Note: Diluted earnings per share were the same as the basic earnings per share for the
                 periods as there were no dilutive potential ordinary shares in existence during both
                 periods.

     (b)   The underlying net profit attributable to shareholders which excluded changes in fair value of
           investment properties net of related deferred tax and non-controlling interests, is calculated as
           follows:

                                                                                  2016                 2015
                                                                             HK$ Million          HK$ Million

           Net profit attributable to shareholders                                  2,935                2,841
           Effect of changes in fair value of investment properties                   335                 (427)
           Effect of corresponding deferred tax                                      (104)                  24
           Effect of changes in fair value of investment properties of
              joint ventures                                                              –                    (8)
                                                                                      231                 (411)
           Non-controlling interests                                                    1                   18
                                                                                      232                 (393)
           Underlying net profit attributable to shareholders                       3,167                2,448

           The earnings per share based on underlying net profit attributable to shareholders are:

                                                                                     2016                2015

           Basic                                                                HK$0.70              HK$0.55
           Diluted                                                              HK$0.70              HK$0.55




                                                                                Hang Lung Properties Limited   51
9.    INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT

      (a)   Additions

            During the period, additions to investment properties and investment properties under
            development amounted to HK$889 million (2015: HK$3,061 million).

      (b)   Valuation

            The investment properties and investment properties under development of the Group were
            revalued as at June 30, 2016 by Mr. Charles C.K. Chan, Registered Professional Surveyor
            (General Practice), of Savills Valuation and Professional Services Limited, on a market value
            basis.

10. CASH AND DEPOSITS WITH BANKS

      At the end of the reporting period, the Group had cash and deposits with banks with currencies
      denominated in:

                                                                             June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                2016              2015
                                                                           HK$ Million       HK$ Million

      Hong Kong Dollars equivalent of:
      Renminbi                                                                  26,531           30,102
      Hong Kong Dollars                                                          2,198            1,181
      United States Dollars                                                          4                6
                                                                                28,733           31,289

      The Group holds Renminbi bank deposits to meet its ongoing payment obligations in relation to
      its development projects in mainland China.

      After deducting cash and deposits from bank loans and other borrowings, the net debt position
      of the Group at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

                                                                             June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                2016              2015
                                                                           HK$ Million       HK$ Million

      Bank loans and other borrowings                                            31,567           32,771
      Less: Cash and deposits                                                   (28,733)         (31,289)
      Net debt                                                                    2,834            1,482




52   Hang Lung Properties Limited
11. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

   (a)   Included in trade and other receivables are trade receivables (based on the due date) with
         the following aging analysis:

                                                                              June 30,       December 31,
                                                                                 2016               2015
                                                                            HK$ Million        HK$ Million

         Current and within 1 month (Note)                                         1,080                      41
         1–3 months                                                                   16                       8
         Over 3 months                                                                16                       4
                                                                                   1,112                      53

         Note: Current and within 1 month receivables mainly represented property sales receivables
               for residential units sold in the first half of 2016. Most of the sales receivables would be
               settled over the next few months upon sales completion.

         The balance of bad and doubtful debts is insignificant. The Group maintains a defined
         credit policy including stringent credit evaluation on and payment of a rental deposit from
         tenants. Proceeds from property sales are receivable pursuant to the terms of the sale and
         purchase agreements. In addition to the payment of rental deposits, tenants are required to
         pay monthly rents in respect of leased properties in advance. Except for sale of properties
         developed by the Group, it does not hold any collateral over the receivables. Receivables are
         regularly reviewed and closely monitored to minimize any associated credit risk.

   (b)   Included in other receivables of the Group is deposit of land acquisition in mainland China of
         HK$293 million (December 31, 2015: HK$298 million).

12. BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

   At the end of the reporting period, the Group had HK$7,670 million (December 31, 2015:
   HK$11,715 million) committed undrawn banking facilities.

   In addition, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company has a US$3 billion (December 31, 2015:
   US$3 billion) Medium Term Note Program (the “Program”). At the end of the reporting period,
   the Group issued in total an equivalent of HK$12,746 million (December 31, 2015: HK$12,739
   million) of bonds with coupon rates which ranged from 2.95% to 4.75% (December 31, 2015:
   2.95% to 4.75%) per annum under the Program.




                                                                               Hang Lung Properties Limited    53
13. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

      Included in trade and other payables are trade creditors with the following aging analysis:

                                                                               June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                  2016            2015
                                                                             HK$ Million     HK$ Million

      Due within 1 month                                                          2,201              2,094
      Due after 3 months                                                            796                582
                                                                                  2,997              2,676

14. SHARE CAPITAL

      Movements of the Company’s ordinary shares are set out below:

                                                     June 30, 2016              December 31, 2015
                                                Number of     Amount of       Number of    Amount of
                                                   shares share capital          shares  share capital
                                                   Million   HK$ Million         Million  HK$ Million

      Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
      At January 1                                  4,497          39,903          4,485            39,663
      Shares issued under share option
         scheme                                          –               –            12              240
      At June 30/December 31                        4,497          39,903          4,497            39,903




54   Hang Lung Properties Limited
15. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES

   The share option scheme adopted by the Company on November 22, 2002 (the “2002 Share
   Option Scheme”) was terminated upon the adoption of a new share option scheme on April 18,
   2012 (the “2012 Share Option Scheme”). No further options shall be offered under the 2002
   Share Option Scheme, but all options granted prior to such termination and not exercised at
   the date of termination shall remain valid. The share options granted under the above two share
   option schemes to the directors and employees are at nominal consideration and each share
   option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one share.

   The movements of share options of the Company during the period are as follows:

   (a)   2002 Share Option Scheme

                                                     Number of share options                                     Period during
                                      Outstanding                     Forfeited/       Outstanding              which options    Exercise
         Date granted           on January 1, 2016   Exercised          Lapsed     on June 30, 2016            are exercisable      price
                                                                                                                                   (HK$)

         November 14, 2006 to           1,725,000            –                 –        1,725,000       November 14, 2007 to     16.75 –
            March 19, 2007                                                                                   March 18, 2017       22.55
         August 21, 2007 to            30,722,000            –        (100,000)        30,622,000         August 21, 2008 to     17.36 –
            December 31, 2008                                                                             December 30, 2018       27.90
         February 8, 2010 to           13,380,000            –                 –       13,380,000         February 8, 2012 to    26.46 –
            June 1, 2010                                                                                        May 31, 2020      27.27
         July 29, 2010 to              32,018,000            –        (300,000)        31,718,000            July 29, 2012 to    30.79 –
            June 13, 2011                                                                                      June 12, 2021      36.90
         Total                         77,845,000            –        (400,000)        77,445,000

         All the above options may vest after one/two to five years of the grant date and are
         exercisable up to the tenth anniversary of the date of grant, after which they will lapse. No
         options were cancelled during the period.

   (b)   2012 Share Option Scheme

                                                     Number of share options                                     Period during
                                      Outstanding                     Forfeited/       Outstanding              which options    Exercise
         Date granted           on January 1, 2016   Exercised          Lapsed     on June 30, 2016            are exercisable      price
                                                                                                                                   (HK$)

         June 4, 2013                  31,580,000            –      (1,056,000)         30,524,000           June 4, 2015 to       28.20
                                                                                                               June 3, 2023
         December 5, 2014              30,350,000            –      (1,330,000)         29,020,000       December 5, 2016 to       22.60
                                                                                                           December 4, 2024
         Total                         61,930,000            –      (2,386,000)         59,544,000

         All the above options may vest after two to five years of the grant date and are exercisable
         up to the tenth anniversary of the date of grant, after which they will lapse. No options were
         granted or cancelled during the period.


                                                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited     55
16. RESERVES

                                                            Other reserves
                                                            Employee
                                                          share-based
                                               Exchange compensation                           Retained          Total
                                                 reserve       reserve             Total         profits      reserves
                                              HK$ Million  HK$ Million        HK$ Million    HK$ Million    HK$ Million

      At January 1, 2016                           2,116              733          2,849         86,237         89,086
      Profit for the period                            –                –               –         2,935          2,935
      Exchange difference arising from
        translation of foreign subsidiaries       (1,550)               –          (1,550)             –         (1,550)
      Total comprehensive income
        for the period                            (1,550)               –          (1,550)        2,935          1,385
      Final dividend in respect of
         previous financial year                       –                –               –         (2,608)        (2,608)
      Employee share-based payments                    –               34             34             17             51
      At June 30, 2016                              566               767          1,333         86,581         87,914

      At January 1, 2015                           7,490              661          8,151         84,513         92,664
      Profit for the period                            –                –               –         2,841          2,841
      Exchange difference arising from
        translation of foreign subsidiaries          17                 –             17               –            17
      Total comprehensive income
        for the period                               17                 –             17          2,841          2,858
      Final dividend in respect of
         previous financial year                       –                –               –         (2,646)        (2,646)
      Issue of shares                                  –                (1)            (1)             –             (1)
      Employee share-based payments                    –               64             64             11             75
      At June 30, 2015                             7,507              724          8,231         84,719         92,950




56   Hang Lung Properties Limited
17. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

   The fair value of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at the end of the reporting period
   on a recurring basis, categorized into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13,
   Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified and
   determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation
   technique is as follows:

   •     Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted
         prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date.

   •     Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which
         fail to meet level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are
         inputs for which market data are not available.

   •     Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.

   (a)   Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value

         Derivative financial instruments are recognized initially at fair value. At the end of each
         reporting period, the fair value is remeasured. The gain or loss on remeasurement of fair
         value is recognized immediately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

         The fair value of cross currency swaps as at June 30, 2016 of HK$63 million recorded under
         “Trade and other receivables” (December 31, 2015: HK$101 million recorded under “Trade
         and other payables”) in Level 2 is determined based on the amount that the Group would
         receive or pay to terminate the swaps at the end of the reporting period taking into account
         current interest rates and current creditworthiness of the swap counter-parties.

         During the six months ended June 30, 2016, there were no transfers of instruments between
         Level 1 and Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3 (2015: Nil). The Group’s policy is
         to recognize transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting
         period in which they occur.

   (b)   Financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value

         The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortized cost
         were not materially different from their fair values as at December 31, 2015 and June 30,
         2016.




                                                                             Hang Lung Properties Limited   57
18. COMMITMENTS

      At the end of the reporting period, capital commitments not provided for in the interim financial
      report were as follows:

                                                                            June 30,    December 31,
                                                                               2016            2015
                                                                          HK$ Million     HK$ Million

      Contracted for                                                            1,585           1,539
      Authorized but not contracted for                                        37,171          37,850
                                                                               38,756          39,389

      The above commitments include mainly the land costs and construction related costs to be
      incurred in respect of the Group’s development of its investment properties in various cities in
      mainland China.

19. REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT

      The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by the Audit Committee. It was
      authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on July 28, 2016.




58   Hang Lung Properties Limited
GLOSSARY

FINANCIAL TERMS

Finance costs:                Total of interest expenses on total borrowings and other
                              borrowing costs, net of amount capitalized


Total borrowings:             Total of bank loans & other borrowings, net of unamortized other
                              borrowing costs


Net debt:                     Total borrowings net of cash and deposits with banks


Net profit attributable       Profit for the period (after tax) less amounts attributable to non-
to shareholders:              controlling interests


Underlying net                Net profit attributable to shareholders excluded changes in fair
profit attributable           value of investment properties net of related deferred tax and non-
to shareholders:              controlling interests




FINANCIAL RATIOS


Basic                 Profit attributable to shareholders                       Total borrowings
                                                             Debt
earnings    =                                                             =
                       Weighted average number of            to equity              Total equity
per share
                      shares in issue during the period


Net assets                       Net assets                  Net debt                 Net debt
           =                                                              =
per share              Weighted average number of            to equity              Total equity
                      shares in issue during the period


                  Operating profit before changes in
Interest          fair value of investment properties
            =
cover             Finance costs before capitalization
                         less interest income




                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited   59
INFORMATION FOR INVESTORS

FINANCIAL CALENDAR

Financial period                                        January 1, 2016 to June 30, 2016
Announcement of interim results                                              July 28, 2016
Latest time for lodging transfers                       4:30 p.m. on September 13, 2016
Closure of share register                    September 14 to 15, 2016 (both days inclusive)
Record date for interim dividend                                     September 15, 2016
Payment date for interim dividend                                    September 29, 2016

SHARE LISTING

As at June 30, 2016, 4,497,175,670 shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited. It has a sponsored American Depositary Receipt (ADR) Program in the New York
market.

STOCK CODE

Hong Kong Stock Exchange: 00101
Reuters: 0101.HK
Bloomberg: 101HK
CUSIP Number/Ticker Symbol for ADR Code: 41043M104/HLPPY

SHARE INFORMATION

Share price as at June 30, 2016: HK$15.62
Market capitalization as at June 30, 2016: HK$70.25 billion

SHARE REGISTRAR

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
17M Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Tel: 2862 8555
Fax: 2865 0990

INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT

C.F. Kwan
Email address: ir@hanglung.com


60   Hang Lung Properties Limited
