     CONTENTS

 2   Corporate Information

 3   Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders

22   Financial Highlights

23   Review of Operations

39   Other Information

46   Independent Auditor’s Review Report

48   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

49   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other

       Comprehensive Income

50   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

52   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

54   Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement

55   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

73   Glossary

74   Information for Investors
Corporate Information

DIRECTORS                                   AUTHORIZED
                                            REPRESENTATIVES
Ronnie C. Chan GBM (Chairman)
Weber W.P. Lo (Chief Executive Officer)     Weber W.P. Lo
Ronald J. Arculli GBM, CVO, GBS, OBE, JP*   Margaret K.M. Yan
Nelson W.L. Yuen*
Dominic C.F. Ho*                            COMPANY SECRETARY
Philip N.L. Chen#
Andrew K.C. Chan BBS, JP*                   Margaret K.M. Yan
H.K. Chang GBS, JP*
Anita Y.M. Fung BBS, JP*                    REGISTERED OFFICE
H.C. Ho (Chief Financial Officer)
Adriel W. Chan                              28th Floor
                                            Standard Chartered Bank Building
#
     Non-Executive Director                 4 Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong
*    Independent Non-Executive Director
                                            Tel: 2879 0111
                                            Fax: 2868 6086
AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                            Website: http://www.hanglung.com
                                            Email: HLProperties@hanglung.com
Dominic C.F. Ho (Chairman)
Andrew K.C. Chan BBS, JP
H.K. Chang GBS, JP                          AUDITOR
Anita Y.M. Fung BBS, JP
                                            KPMG
                                            Public Interest Entity Auditor registered in accordance with
NOMINATION AND                                the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Ronald J. Arculli GBM, CVO, GBS, OBE, JP
    (Chairman)
Dominic C.F. Ho
H.K. Chang GBS, JP




2    Hang Lung Properties Limited
Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders

Results and Dividend

For the six months ended June 30, 2020, revenue remained stable at HK$4,184 million
despite the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. Owing to property revaluation loss, net loss
attributable to shareholders was HK$2,537 million. Loss per share was HK56 cents.


When excluding property revaluation and all related effects, underlying net profit attributable
to shareholders decreased 11% to HK$1,989 million. The corresponding earnings per share
declined to HK44 cents.


The Board has declared an interim dividend of HK17 cents per share payable on September
29, 2020 to shareholders of record on September 16, 2020. The amount is the same as the
year before.


Business Review

Since my last letter on January 21, the world has changed substantially. Within a day or two
after I wrote, China – and the world – woke up to a novel coronavirus, now called COVID-19.
It was first reported in Wuhan, one of the largest cities in Central China, where we are
completing a huge mall and an office tower. Like many similar epidemics in human history,
it spread quickly. Soon it became a global pandemic given globalization and international air
travel. Although the virus is not particularly deadly – globally about 4% of the affected have
died – it being asymptomatic in some people makes it particularly troublesome. An infected
person without symptoms or has not yet developed symptoms can already be contagious.
Since it usually takes as many as 14 days for symptoms to develop, such a person can still
travel around the world, thus spreading the virus, albeit unknowingly.


Fortunate for our mainland China business, the country contained the spread well. Timely
and drastic measures taken have been effective. Even at the epicenter in Wuhan, seven
months on, the problem is for the time being behind us. But history tells us that there is often
a second or even a third wave before a pandemic disappears. In fact, the later rounds could
be more serious than the first. There are indications that a second wave is now surfacing in
some parts of China, although it seems to be not that severe. We will have to see.


Hong Kong, our other market, also contained the pandemic relatively well. Until the third wave
arrived a week or two ago, there were only about 1,200 cases, the majority of which were
imported. The death rate was also very low. However, the third wave has proven to be more
aggressive, and the city has again gone into emergency mode.


                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   3
Ironically, COVID-19 may, in some ways, prove to be beneficial for our business in both
markets. Locally, it ended the riots that began a year ago in June. Just as the street violence
was about to rear its ugly head again in January after a lull, the pandemic stopped it. While
the negative effect on our business due to the public health threat is more severe in the
immediate term, there should be fewer lingering effects. The social disturbance, however, has
lasting ones. I wrote about the latter six months ago and will expand on it later in this letter.


It is beyond question that the violent mobs seriously threatened and harmed their fellow
citizens, and engaged in the wanton destruction of property, including some shopping
centers. If not stopped, they may one day damage our malls and offices as well. Fortunately,
so far, our facilities have not been seriously affected. Nevertheless, our business has been
hurt.


The aftermath of the pandemic may also turn out to be advantageous to our business on the
Mainland. Recall that last year I wrote about a 2018 research report by a reputable consulting
firm, Bain & Company. It stated that at the time of writing, only about 27% of luxury goods
purchases by Mainland Chinese were transacted within the country, not counting Hong
Kong. By 2025, the number is expected to reach 50%, while global sales by the Chinese will
double. This means that domestic purchases will quadruple in the coming four to five years
on the strength of existing customers, even before new customers are considered. I also told
my readers that a leader of a top luxury brand thought that this estimate was conservative.
Whatever the case, this is good news for us.


The pandemic has greatly brought forward this repatriation of purchases. In fact, with the
cessation of international travel, it may now be reaching 100%. Consider our experience
during the first half of this year.


Six months ago, I predicted that our Mainland retail rental business would experience a boom.
This was truly the case for the whole of January until the pandemic broke. Right around
Chinese New Year, which fell on January 25 this year, people recognized the seriousness
of the public health threat and our tenant sales suddenly plummeted. When the problem
appeared to somewhat come under control in late March, and social distancing rules were
partially relaxed, our business began to come back to life. Retail sales figures for April were
already back to levels seen in the same month of 2019. By May, the luxury brands in our
malls saw their sales soar. This upward surge has continued to this day. High-end shopping is
alive and well, but regular purchases, while also recovering, remain stalled at levels well below
the previous year.



4   Hang Lung Properties Limited
The immediate explanation for the vibrant sales in luxury items is "shopping with a
vengeance". The wealthy folks have been starved for many months of the pleasure of
shopping. Here I should mention a rarely discussed but significant psychological difference:
luxury shopping is for pleasure, while regular purchases are mainly for necessity.


However, there is a much more significant long-term reason. With almost all international
flights cancelled, the only places to shop nowadays are in domestic malls like ours. After all,
price equalization in the past year or two, through the lowering of import taxes by Beijing and
through price adjustments by the brands themselves, means that shopping overseas does
not make that much sense anymore.


Once international travel fully resumes, some purchases may leak out again, but it may not
be significant. Here are a few reasons. First, Sinophobia is growing in the West. If one is no
longer welcome in New York City, London, or Paris, why go there to shop? Even Hong Kong,
which is part of China, had riots last year partly targeting the Mainland Chinese. This will strike
this city out from the list of desirable shopping destinations.


Secondly, recognizing that China is already their number one market globally and growing the
fastest, top international brands now stock their Chinese shops with the latest products and
carry the most complete lines. They are as good as their counterparts in any metropolis in the
world.


Thirdly, customer service and hence the shopping experience of wealthy shoppers in China
is now as exquisite as anywhere outside China. While in Paris, these top spenders may have
to line up from the end of a queue to enter a boutique on a busy day, but in China we know
our important customers! Consider Hang Lung’s CRM (Customer Relationship Management)
program “HOUSE 66”. It now covers all of our malls in the country and is thriving. Purchases
by our members have accounted for an increasing percentage of total luxury sales. From
our highly successful annual VVIP events for top customers, we have learned that many of
them met each other at our events and have become friends. No doubt they exchange ideas
on fashion. As such, it makes sense to them, economically, socially, and otherwise, to keep
shopping at our facilities.


Fourthly, being creatures of habit like everyone else, once accustomed to the pleasures of
buying domestically, inertia will build against shopping overseas.




                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited   5
Of late I have heard some mall owners complain that, in spite of the pandemic being
contained and the government’s encouragement to spend, they have not seen much
improvement in their business. This is the case for those retailers positioned to cater to the
masses. Both footfall and retail sales are still below the norm. The same is true of our sub-
luxury malls. The question is why.


Let me offer a few plausible reasons. First, COVID-19 definitely hurt the average citizen more
than the affluent. The former had more to worry about, including keeping their jobs. Again,
with all of us married to our habits, buying daily necessities on the Internet has become even
more prevalent during the lockdown period. Unlike shopping for luxury items, which is far
less likely to be done online and there are few alternatives, the convenience of e-commerce
for everyday items is unmatched in China. The country may well be the most advanced in
any of the major economies in the world in this regard. Finally, footfall in all malls has not fully
recovered, including the high-end ones. It is just that those who visit expensive stores are
more likely to buy, and the value of their purchases are so much higher.


That said, I have little doubt that people will, in time, flock once again to shopping malls of all
kinds. Being social creatures, human beings have a need to interact with one another. As I
have written before, in some parts of the world, for centuries people have been gathering at
souks, not just for the shopping but also for the social interactions. Now they go to malls. In
the West, there are more choices of activities and Westerners tend to like outdoor pastimes,
yet the opposite is true of Asians. So, my advice to those mall owners who are experiencing a
slow recovery is as follows: just wait a little longer. Or, better yet, use this lull to improve your
properties so that they will be more competitive once the market recovers – for recover it will.
This is, of course, not just my advice to others but to my colleagues as well, especially those
in charge of our four-star facilities.


Whatever the case, the impact of the pandemic has been severe for about two months.
Beginning in February, many types of commercial activities were ordered to close by the local
governments. In our malls, it included cinemas, gyms, and education-related operations.
It was not uncommon, given the large size of our facilities, to have 30 to 40 such tenants
temporarily out of business, accounting for perhaps 20% to 25% of lettable area. Some of
these are only now beginning to reopen.




6   Hang Lung Properties Limited
In extreme cases, all malls in some cities were ordered to close (except grocery stores)
beginning in early February. Riverside 66 in Tianjin was shut for 36 days, and Center 66 in
Wuxi for 13 days. This was why the former was the worst performer in our portfolio. Retail
sales were down 40% compared to the first half of 2019. Center 66, however, demonstrated
amazing resilience. Despite being closed for almost half a month, it still sold 13% more goods
in the first six months than the year before. This shows how strong luxury spending is on the
Mainland.


Since April, all of our top-end malls – Plaza 66 and Grand Gateway 66 in Shanghai, Center
66 in Wuxi, Spring City 66 in Kunming, and to a lesser extent, Forum 66 in Shenyang – have
been going gangbusters. Those in Shanghai and Wuxi were executing 40% to 60% more
sales during April to June than in the same months the year before. Even Grand Gateway 66,
which is still undergoing its Asset Enhancement Initiative (AEI), did 41% more. All these took
place while footfall was still far below that of the previous corresponding period. Spring City
66 in Kunming was opened last August so there is nothing to compare it with, but sales were
robust. The strength has continued to this day.


COVID-19 will one day subside. Putting it aside for the moment, it seems that all the stars
are aligned for our Mainland business. China is now by far the world’s biggest and fastest
growing luxury goods market. This has not escaped the notice of top international brands; in
fact, they must have been the first to know. Terrible China-U.S. relations notwithstanding, they
are rushing to open stores all over the Mainland. Given the quality of all our malls, we are one
of their top choices for a landlord.


As those familiar with this Company know, many of our malls have successfully migrated to
become a “Home to Luxury”, as we call them, with more entering the ranks. In Shanghai,
Grand Gateway 66 has joined Plaza 66 as a solid five-star facility. Our first outside Shanghai
was Center 66 in Wuxi. Less successful so far, but definitely of the same genre, is Forum 66
in Shenyang. Then came Spring City 66 in Kunming last August which was born as a “Home
to Luxury”. Olympia 66 in Dalian is also well on its way to join this league, as many first-tier
global brands have already signed up and are in the process of moving in. Once completed
a little over a year from now, it will be the only truly luxury mall in that city, a position which we
have targeted from the day we bought the land in 2009.




                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited   7
Heartland 66 in Wuhan already has many top names committed. Delayed for about six
months by COVID-19, we now expect inauguration next March or April. Not much over a year
from now, all luxury brands should have opened for business. Plans are in place to transform
Parc 66 in Jinan to the same league, although the outcome is as yet less clear. Chances
are also very good for our latest project, Westlake 66 in Hangzhou, to achieve the same
eminence once it is ready in 2024. After all, it was planned as such.


All told, within 14 months from now, at least seven of our 10 completed malls will be luxury
ones – by global standards. In the past, I have more than once explained why such facilities
have much higher financial returns. Our goal is that by 2024, nine out of our then 11
properties will be five-star. They should be among the best in the world in terms of profitability
as well as aesthetics.


The process entails the signing up with many top-tier fashion brands. Consider this pipeline:
in the three years from 2019 to 2021, we are executing over 70 such leases. In 2019, we
did 13, of which all brands have moved in. This year, the number now stands at 38 of which
the majority has already opened for business. Next year, at least 19 more will join us. Those
that moved in last year were mostly in Spring City 66 in Kunming and Grand Gateway 66
in Shanghai, with the rest in Plaza 66 in Shanghai and Center 66 in Wuxi. The majority of
those who were signed this year went to Spring City 66, followed by Grand Gateway 66 and
Center 66. The rest are spread over Forum 66 in Shenyang and Olympia 66 in Dalian, and
one in Plaza 66. Those slated for 2021 are so far concentrated in Olympia 66 in Dalian and
Heartland 66 in Wuhan.


Now let me turn to a troubling issue, that of the situation in Hong Kong. A month after mass
rioting began in June 2019, I wrote to you about it. It died down in January 2020 partly due to
the pandemic, and partly due to the movement running out of steam. The latter is not unlike
the fate of mass social uprisings elsewhere. Nonetheless, discontent among the more radical
definitely bubbles under the surface. On June 30, the Standing Committee of China’s National
People’s Congress enacted the National Security Law (NSL) regarding Hong Kong, which will
likely become a turning point.


With Hong Kong being our home base from which 46% of our rental revenue is derived,
we are obviously concerned with such a major piece of legislation. It cannot but introduce
uncertainties. Will it be for the better or the worse where our business is concerned? Upon
study and reflection, I have come to the conclusion that it is for the better, not because I like
it, but because Hong Kong can no longer survive without it.



8   Hang Lung Properties Limited
In my letter of six months ago to shareholders of our majority shareholder Hang Lung Group
Limited (HLG), I wrote quite extensively about the history of Hong Kong after her return
to the Motherland. I will not repeat it here except to summarize it in one sentence: Beijing
had been way too soft on implementing the Basic Law that guides Hong Kong. This has
emboldened the opposition to damage the “One Country, Two Systems” construct. The
radicals advocating independence from China – or two countries, two systems – had gained
momentum, which if go unchecked would spell the death of “One Country, Two Systems”.
Violence has greatly escalated over the past decade. It has gotten to the point of spiraling
out of control. The police force, which was ordered to exercise great restraint, did so, and
was on the brink of collapse. Something needed to be done to rescue the “One Country, Two
Systems” framework. Things had evolved to such an extent that without the NSL, it could not
be done.


As a businessman, I also examine the situation from a practical perspective. For six to seven
months last year, average citizens were deprived of social stability and personal safety.
Walking on our streets had become unsafe. The city had almost succumbed to the law of the
jungle. How can businesses exist under such conditions?! If uncorrected, the economy would
sooner or later collapse, but that was one of the intentions of the opposition, in order to force
the local government to resign. Their stated purpose in writing was to ensure the destruction
of both Hong Kong and Beijing on the international front.


There are only two ways to restore social stability and personal safety: send in the PLA
(People’s Liberation Army), or enact the NSL. The opposition was trying to force Beijing’s
hand to do the former. The consequences would have been dire and far-reaching, and Beijing
was not so foolish as to fall into that trap. So, the NSL had to be introduced. It is altogether
legal; at this stage Beijing does not only have the right but also the obligation to do it.


Does Beijing want to legislate for Hong Kong? Of course not. If they had wanted to, they
could have done it anytime in the past 23 years. According to Article 23 of the Basic Law,
Hong Kong is obligated to pass a locally legislated national security law. In my opinion, that
would have been the best. We tried it in 2003 but failed. Since that time, the local political
environment has become so toxic that there is now no hope of passing it. Probably China
was the only country on earth where part of her territory was not covered by some form of
national security legislation.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   9
So, for two primary reasons, Beijing was forced to enact it for Hong Kong: to safeguard
“One Country, Two Systems” and to restore social stability. Initial indications are that the NSL
has been effective, but like any new law, there are still many details, especially on how it is
applied, that are yet unclear.


In my Letter to Shareholders in the 2019 Interim Report, I analyzed extensively the
developments in China-U.S. relations, since it cannot but affect Hong Kong and mainland
China, and so our business. In my letter of the same day to the HLG shareholders, I ventured
further on the subject but from a different angle. Later in this letter, I will give an update. But
for now, I will only say that the latest developments of this most important bilateral relationship
in the world has something to do with Hong Kong’s present NSL.


As we all know, the U.S. in the past few years has chosen to fall into Thucydides’s Trap, a
term coined by Professor Graham Allison of Harvard University. In more normal times, Beijing
would have cared very much about the reactions of Washington, D.C. to whatever she does
regarding Hong Kong. That was the case before and after 1997. But in the past year or so,
the U.S. has taken the gloves off and put on brass knuckles. It has publicly called China her
enemy number one. As a result, Beijing has no more reason to care what Washington, D.C.
thinks regarding Hong Kong. It gives Beijing a free hand to do what is necessary to save
Hong Kong, namely, to enact the NSL. From my perspective, this is one of the very few good
outcomes of the deteriorating China-U.S. relations.


America’s reaction has been expectedly fierce. It is directed at Beijing more than at Hong
Kong. Today what the U.S. leaders say about this city is just political talk. It has almost
nothing to do with facts, truths, or righteousness. In the arena of global politics, all these
matter little. When two elephants fight, it is the grass that suffers. Hong Kong is but collateral
damage. Since there is nothing that any of us can do to change the situation, we will just
have to live with it. As a business enterprise operating here, we should understand the big
picture and plan accordingly. This we try to do, and here I report.


Now let me turn to our business performance. Whereas the second half of 2019 was
dominated by the effects of the Hong Kong riots, the first six months of this year was all about
COVID-19. The impact of the public health threat on our retail rental is more severe than
the social unrest of last year. The former’s effect, however, will be short-lived. Social unrest,
however, has fundamentally damaged many parts of Hong Kong’s economy.




10   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Consider our retail sales and the hospitality industry, both of which are big job creators.
Before last year, it is estimated that some 30% of all private consumption was related to the
Mainlanders visiting our city. 80% to 90% of our tourist arrivals were from north of the border.
The riots last year amply demonstrated that a good number of our citizens do not welcome
these visitors. As such, it is plausible that at least two-thirds of their spending has been
chased away. This translates to a roughly 20% drop in Hong Kong’s total retail sales and a far
higher percentage of hotel vacancies. I wonder how many industries can see their top line fall
by this magnitude and still survive.


As a result, many of our shops, restaurants, and hotels will be closed. The associated jobs
will be cut, and unemployment will inevitably rise. Salary increases will slow greatly if not fall.
The economy may even shrink for a few years. Who should bear this responsibility?


Since October last year, we had to grant rent relief to selected Hong Kong tenants. It has
a prolonged effect because the amount foregone has to be amortized over the remaining
lease term. If more relief were to be yielded, then there would be a cascading effect that
might last another two years. Given the third wave of the pandemic which Hong Kong is now
experiencing, this is a distinct possibility.


Six months ago, I wrote something prescient, but was wrong in the reason. I penned, “Let
me paint a somewhat harsh scenario where Hong Kong rents would fall by 5% per annum for
the next two years.” The presumption then was that the street riots would continue. It turned
out that the social unrest was forestalled by the pandemic, something which I mentioned but
could not have foreseen its impact. So for a different reason, at least for the past six months,
our Hong Kong rental revenue did fall by 5%. Operating profit therefrom was down 10%.


So far, we have been able to keep occupancy rates up, but this will be difficult moving
forward. Rental margin, average unit rent, and rental reversion have all retreated somewhat.
Retail tenant sales for the first five months of the year dropped almost 30% and, as a result,
occupancy cost has gone up. Our Hong Kong offices have performed about the same as our
retail portfolio.


Due to COVID-19, we had to grant a one-time across-the-board relief on base rent for retail
tenants on the Mainland. They paid 50% base rent for three weeks. Nevertheless, for the half
year under review, rental revenue in RMB terms still rose 9% compared to the same period a
year ago. But since the currency depreciated against the Hong Kong dollar by 4.5%, it only
grew 4% on our books. Excluding new properties, revenue went up 3% in RMB. Shanghai
advanced by 8% and those outside fell 6%.


                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited   11
In the past six months, the external environment did not allow us to sell many properties. We
did part with the last penthouse at the Hong Kong residential project, The Long Beach. Unit
price was quite satisfactory. In accordance with the accounting rules, recognition of revenue
and profit of this sale took place this month, i.e. in the second half of this year. Ahead of the
sale of Mainland serviced apartments in the coming few years beginning 2021, we had to
build up a sales team, whose costs were fully reflected in the interim results.


Given the horrific external environment, a valuation loss was to be expected. The total amount
of HK$4,642 million represents about 2.5% of our investment property portfolio. The number
in Hong Kong was approximately 3.6% of its book value, and on the Mainland, 1.9%.


Taking advantage of the low interest rate environment, we optimized our debt portfolio by
issuing some new bonds to refinance the old ones and repay more expensive bank loans. Net
debt to equity held at a healthy level of 20.8%.


In terms of rental revenue split, Hong Kong now accounts for less than 46%, and the
Mainland over 54%. The gap will continue to widen, as our RMB denominated business
should continue to outstrip our performance in Hong Kong. We are also adding many square
meters on the Mainland.


To summarize, in Hong Kong dollar terms, revenue was almost exactly the same as last year.
Locally it was down 5%, but on the Mainland it was up 4%. Underlying net profit attributable
to shareholders retreated 11% to just shy of HK$2 billion. Due to the sizable revaluation loss
compared to the gain in the previous year, we recorded a net loss attributable to shareholders
of a little over HK$2.5 billion. This is the first time the Company has ever seen a loss. Since
we had warned shareholders in a public statement dated June 5, this should not be a
surprise to anyone. This is only an accounting loss and does not affect any of our operations,
including our cashflow.


There are two cash items whose amounts would have been too small to be mentioned here,
but I will do so now due to their symbolic significance. The first is that, like other responsible
enterprises, we donated RMB10 million to help Hong Kong and the Mainland fight the
pandemic. The other is that we have decided not to apply for the Hong Kong Government’s
Employment Support Scheme (ESS) designed to help employers during the pandemic. Under
this scheme, cash is given to eligible enterprises to offset staff salaries with the condition that
they promise not to lay off staff for a defined period of time. For us, the total amount could
come to almost HK$70 million.



12   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Upon deliberation, your Board decided unanimously not to apply for ESS, and announced
our decision early to the community. The scheme is meant to help companies with genuine
financial needs. Although our business, like everyone else’s, is hurt, our finances are strong
and can weather the storm. As such, we should free up limited public resources for the
needy. We also made known that we have no plans to lay off staff or reduce salaries.


This is a good time to share with my English readers about the meaning of the Company’s
motto, “We Do It Right”. It is a short form of the Chinese motto which is equally succinct but
even more meaningful. In Chinese it means, “We Choose Only the Best, and We Do Only
What is Right”. When there are choices, we always pick the best. What “the best” is depends
on the situation. For example, when hiring a staff, we pick the candidate who is the most
competent and ethical. There is no room for nepotism, a problem that plagues many Asian
corporations, even the publicly listed ones. Or, when we buy land on the Mainland for a mall,
we will not settle for second best.


To “Do Only What is Right”, or in our English motto, simply “We Do it Right”, will often touch
upon ethical and moral issues. Adhering strictly to this principle over the long years has built
us a pristine reputation in the investment community. This is why we have won most of the
reputable awards in corporate social responsibility for our industry in recent decades. We do
not win these awards for the sake of winning. We win because integrity is ingrained in our
corporate culture.


Not applying for the ESS is just one manifestation of “Do Only What is Right”. We do not
object to others’ applying for it as it is not against the law to do so, but we hold ourselves
to a higher moral standard. Since HK$70 million is not that small a sum, I wanted all our
shareholders to know the reason behind the decision of your management and your Board.


Prospects

The external environment in the past year could not be more disturbing – the COVID-19
pandemic, Hong Kong’s social unrest, and the unfolding specter of China-U.S. relations. All
have a direct impact on our two markets in Hong Kong and mainland China. Those who have
read my letters of the past two years should not be surprised that I am very concerned about
Hong Kong, but quite bullish about the Mainland.


The impact of COVID-19 on the retail sector is as severe as anything I have known, but it
should be short-lived. Once gone, it is gone. We just do not know when it will go.



                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   13
Last year’s social unrest in Hong Kong almost dealt a death blow to Hong Kong as the Pearl
of the Orient. As I will explain later, to restore her to her former glory is perhaps possible, but
it will require Hong Kong people to work together with Beijing. If not, Hong Kong will gradually
wane and lose her luster.


In the 2018 year-end letter dated January 2019 and the 2019 Interim Report of July 2019,
I have written extensively on China-U.S. relations. However, to the surprise of many, myself
included, the deterioration has greatly accelerated and so requires further comment. I fear
that it may have reached a point of no return. It is said that the U.S. is always in need of an
enemy. The saddest thing is that it is, in my opinion, unnecessary.


Thucydides’s Trap is not new in history. Under the right set of circumstances, it will happen,
as human nature will dictate so. If the incumbent power believes that it can defeat the rising
power, it will try. The U.S. is now thinking that this is her last chance before China becomes
inordinately powerful. At such a juncture, America has a highly unusual president in Donald
Trump. Being surrounded by people with even more extreme views than himself, he has led
the country straight into the trap. History will show this move to be one of the greatest follies
of the 21st century.

In recent months, the U.S. has coerced other English-speaking countries and a few
Continental European states to join her. Some of them reversed previous decisions and have
toughened their stance on China. In the latest manifestation of this contrived animosity, they
are now lumping China and Russia together, almost as a joint target. This, to me, is indeed
unwise. Russia and China are not natural friends – they share a 4,200-kilometer border, with
one side full of people but poor in natural resources, and the exact opposite on the other
side – but they are now forced to work together.


Frankly, with Russia being rich in energy resources and Western Europe deficient in these, I
doubt if most Continental European countries will in the longer term go along with the U.S.
In fact, as America becomes even more of a bully than before, many key European capitals
may consider Washington, D.C. to be more difficult to work with than Moscow. A transatlantic
rift may not be too far away, although I foresee the U.K. will always side with the U.S. Just as
during World War II (WWII), she has no choice, especially now given Brexit.




14   Hang Lung Properties Limited
The Cold War has returned, and this time it is even more dangerous. China today is not the
U.S.S.R. of yesteryear. With China and Russia working together, they can be a formidable
opponent, and Continental Europe will become the key battleground. Having been on the
wane politically and economically since WWII, perhaps this will shake up these countries and
put them back on the global front stage. They will, at least, rearm, which will have the side
benefit of stimulating their moribund economies.


As to the U.S., McCarthyism has returned domestically. A few brave souls are still voicing
sensible words of reason. I fear that, very soon, these too will fall silent. There are already
clear signs. What happened to freedom of speech? For reasons different from those of Russia
and China, America is increasingly practicing the same tenets. The former pair did it to keep
their respective countries strong; the U.S. now does it to keep her newfound and self-created
enemies at bay.


So the world has arrived at another pivotal moment. What happens today will change the
course of the world in the coming few decades. It is akin to the onset of the Cold War after
WWII, China’s opening up to the world, and the fall of the Berlin Wall. For China, these three
globally significant events draw parallel with three defining moments: the Korean War, U.S.
President Nixon’s visit, and the June 4, 1989 incident that took place the same year as the
fall of the Berlin Wall. Each of these events changed the world and took decades to change
again.


Let us not blame President Trump for everything. Soon after 1989, there had been
discussions already in U.S. policy circles of the perceived need to contain China. Many
experts argued against it, and I was in that camp. But as China gained economic strength,
her opponents became more worried and more vocal. Once the issue is raised to the level
of national security, whether it is true or not somehow becomes irrelevant. Few people will
dare to speak his or her mind. All of a sudden, everyone sees China as a threat. It became a
chorus.


In this regard, the role of the media is critical: it magnified the negative sentiments. Given
human nature, anything negative is reported more in the press, for only bad news is news.
The tide thus created can and usually does drown out all contrary opinions, such that
freedom of the press becomes hollow. Opposing views would be unreported or at least
go unnoticed. It can be deliberate or inadvertent, but the result is the same. When that
happens – and we are close to that point – it will take tremendous moral courage for anyone
to speak up.



                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited   15
The last Cold War ended almost 30 years ago. Sadly, it coincided with the June 4, 1989 tragedy
in China. Together, these two events brought on the beginning of a divergence between
China and the U.S. The decline was gradual until Donald Trump arrived on the scene. A man
prone to take unexpected positions and make not well-considered decisions, he has snuffed
out possibilities for moderation, thus a new Cold War is born.


Recent polls in the West show that their citizens feel more negative towards China now than
any time in the past few decades. Are these views informed and based on independent
thinking? I doubt. People everywhere are the same. They react primarily to external stimuli,
such as the words of their leaders or the press. Many people disagree with President Trump’s
domestic policies because they are knowledgeable on the issues. But when it comes to
international affairs, frankly most people everywhere are ill-informed. I find it to be the case in
the U.S. as in China.


A year ago, I wrote that the trade dispute was only a tertiary conflict between the U.S.
and China. The primary and secondary ones are technology superiority leading to military
supremacy, and currency domination. In fact, the center stage has of late been shifted from
trade to the far more serious issue of technology.


In the past few years, the U.S. targeted China’s Huawei, which is a hardware company. One
reason would be that America’s monopoly in spying is being threatened. Now even Chinese
software application companies are targeted. The reason given is incredulous: data integrity.
Frankly, any government with a network can already tap into the personal data of almost
anyone they want. There is no such thing as a Clean Network.


Of late, there are indications that the U.S. may also weaponize financial flows. This can well
be a “nuclear” option. In this regard, I worry for America more than China. As the victim,
China will surely suffer, but she can handle it. What about the instigator?


America’s economy to a good extent relies on the U.S. dollar being by far the world’s most
significant reserve currency. Her ability to print an inordinate amount of the greenback
enables the country to live beyond her means. It is not too much to say that much of the
global financial system is built on the confidence on the U.S. dollar. It does not take too much
imagination to see how this confidence can be shaken. When this happens, everyone will
suffer but especially the U.S. Who can bring the U.S. dollar down? Only one country – the U.S.




16   Hang Lung Properties Limited
So, what will happen to trade between China and the U.S.? For now, it does not matter that
much since COVID-19 is slowing it down anyway, but what will happen when international
transportation returns to normal levels? In the first Cold War, which lasted about 40 years,
commercial interactions between the two camps were minimal. Now the U.S. and China are
the top two trading countries in the world and are intricately connected to each other. How
will international trade evolve in a post-COVID-19 world? It is hard to foresee at this stage.
I refer my readers to my letter to the HLG shareholders of even date on a discussion of this
topic.


Fortunately for China, the three-pronged onslaught did not happen 20 years ago or even 10
years ago, when her ability to withstand was much weaker. Now, after 40 years of Reform
and Opening-up, there should be sufficient capital, human talent, technologies, international
networks, and a domestic market to get by acceptably.


I do not believe that the U.S. will be able to beat China to submission, which may well be the
unspoken intention of Washington, D.C. (Interestingly, the present U.S. administration has
never declared its endgame!) If so, the best alternative for the U.S. is to work with China.
As I have previously written, the number two is not a challenger, except in the minds of the
number one, nor does the former have the ability to be a global leader. In fact, China is very
happy to play second fiddle to America. Sadly, the U.S. cannot accept that. America is
never good at compromising or at diplomacy, since she can always resort to her military and
economic might.


There is no denying that America is the most creative country in the world. One of her
inventions that the Chinese can never come up with is the oxymoron “First among equals”.
The Chinese, on the other hand, is supposed to be good at adaptation or copying with a
twist. So please allow me to adopt something that few Westerners have concocted: China is
happy to be “Second among equals”. Unfortunately, the U.S. does not understand this, nor is
she willing to accept it.


Despite this hostile relationship with the West, China will not give up on her many foreign
friends. In fact, she will try her best to build even closer and more comprehensive relations
with, among others, developing economies such as those in Africa and Latin America. These
countries are rich in natural resources that China needs, but their consumption power for
Chinese manufactured products cannot compare to that in the U.S. and Western Europe.
Ultimately, the biggest market for Chinese goods would still be the domestic one. As such, I
expect an ever-rising local consumerism to lead her economy.



                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   17
Look at China another way. For the first 30 years or so since her Reform and Opening-
up began in 1978, the country relied on muscle and sweat to make money. Thanks to her
population size and hardworking citizens, who were willing to sacrifice for a better future for
their children, if not for themselves, she began to gather initial wealth. In the past 20 some
years, aside from blue-collar workers, the educated – and there are many of them – began
to primarily use their brains to create fortunes. Experimentation in technologies of all sorts
took off, and some were eventually employed to build huge companies. For example, today
China is probably the first, if not the only, truly cashless society among all major economies.
Finally, considerable wealth has been accumulated in the society, to the extent that the huge
middle class began to join the early wealthy to use capital to make more money. Witness all
the investment houses, insurance companies, and pension funds that have popped up in the
past decade or two. So now all three cylinders of wealth creation are proceeding. We will see
a continuous expansion of the nouveau riche.


As long as the Chinese domestic society remains relatively peaceful, the country should
still be one of the best places to do business and make money. We are fortunate to be well
established there to participate in the many opportunities that the commercial real estate
sector offers.


Back in Hong Kong, the city should remain Asia’s leading international financial center and
perform acceptably. Our clients these days are mainly from the Mainland, and we are still by
far their best choice. In this regard, I expect closer financial ties between this city and those
north of the border. Increased connectivity can only be good for both sides. Shanghai-Hong
Kong Stock Connect, Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, and now Bond Connect are
just the beginning. Much more money can flow in both directions. Just as in the old days
when this city was the main channel for international money to enter the Mainland, today we
will also play a key role in channeling funds out. There is a lot of wealth in the country that is
looking for global investment opportunities.


Now that the U.S. is making an issue of Hong Kong because she wants to hurt China, it is
conceivable that Washington, D.C. may take even more drastic actions. Consider the recently
passed Hong Kong Autonomy Act. However, many of the severe measures that the U.S. can
muster will likely end up hurting herself more. As such, she has to tread carefully.


One of the long-lasting effects of COVID-19 is the exponential growth of money supply. This
is prevalent around the world, including the U.S. and China. While the increased amount will
keep interest rates low, which is critical for America, it may also make the U.S. Dollar more
vulnerable to the confidence placed on it by the international capital markets.


18   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Aside from financial services, I can hardly think of any other significant industries that Hong
Kong can rely on to keep her economy strong. Since 1997, whenever Hong Kong needed
help, our citizens would ask Beijing for favors. Personally, I was unhappy with that. We should
first rely on ourselves. After all, that was the spirit that had prevailed in this city for decades,
knowing that our then colonial master was only interested in extracting benefit from us and
not bestowing it. Such a fighting spirit has served us well. But somehow after 1997, many of
my fellow citizens no longer feel embarrassed to ask the Motherland for economic goodies.
And for better or worse, Beijing always obliged.


This time round, with the self-created conundrum that we are in, I do not see how Hong
Kong as an economy can continue to thrive without the help from the Motherland. Today, only
Beijing can make Hong Kong prosper again. But will they? I believe they are willing, but with
certain conditions. Equally significant is a question for my fellow Hong Kong citizens: are they
aware of the seriousness of the economic perils that some of them have exacted on our city
as a result of last year’s riots? I fear the answer. If it is on the negative, then perhaps the city is
not yet ready to recover.


Hong Kong must alleviate Beijing’s worry about political trouble. This is a real test on the
intelligence of Hong Kong people. Most of them do not have any clue about what really took
place in the past 23 years. Some even actively participated in hurting Hong Kong. Now facing
a systemically damaged economy and rising unemployment, many will lose their jobs. What
will they do? I suppose their answer may again be: blame Beijing. If so, then Hong Kong does
not deserve to shine again.


As we all know, as a small entrepôt, Hong Kong must serve our clients well, whomever they
are. This is even more so today, since the service sector now accounts for some 94% of
our economy. In the first 40 years or so after WWII, we made money mainly from serving the
West. This was why we had to learn English and speak it as well as possible. In the past 20
some years, our clients from the rest of China are increasing. So now we had better speak
Putonghua well.


I love Hong Kong; I grew up here and have built a business and my career here. As I have
told my friends, I am pessimistic about my home city but I am not passively so. That was also
my attitude as I worked in the past three decades to better China-U.S. relations. Whatever
the case, having lived for many years overseas and now still traveling (before COVID-19) the
world incessantly, I consider myself a global citizen. I am not wedded to any single place. This
should somehow ease the pain of watching Hong Kong wane. Hopefully that day will never
arrive.


                                                                            Hang Lung Properties Limited   19
Many Chinese believe that the U.S. is on the decline. I disagree. Similarly, a good number of
my American friends think that China will implode, especially with pressure from the outside. I
seriously doubt. I believe both nations will be fine. This is why I am at ease in both places, as I
am also in many other parts of the world.


Personal endeavors aside, as Chairman of your Company, I have to be realistic. In business,
many things are beyond our control and we have to be nimble to minimize risk and
maximize profit potential. So, what should we do with our Hong Kong assets, which are not
inconsequential?


As we all know, there are often good opportunities to make money in troubled times. Those
who remember our history should be aware of how we took advantage of the Asian Financial
Crisis of 1997 to 2002 and greatly benefitted our shareholders. Similarly, we grasped the
opportunities proffered by the cash-strapped district governments of Mainland cities about a
decade ago, and bought prime pieces of land on the cheap. Now we are considering what to
do next.


For the remaining months of this year, my belief is that we will still likely be under the threat of
the pandemic, although it may ebb and flow. It is possible that, in this regard, the situation on
the Mainland will be better than in Hong Kong.


As far as Hong Kong’s street riots are concerned, it seems that, so far, the NSL has ushered
in some much-needed quiescence. It is still too early to say whether this situation will hold.


If my assessment is not too far from the truth, then Hong Kong rents will still come under
pressure for the rest of the year. It is hard to imagine having good news on this front. As to
selling more luxury homes on Blue Pool Road, where we still have nine for sale and two for
lease, it is almost impossible to predict. If there is good news, it may come from this direction.


On the Mainland, we should do well – perhaps very well – as long as the virus does not return
with a vengeance. Once the threat is over, I expect a very strong market for several years to
come. After all, we are perhaps better positioned to benefit therefrom than most, if not all.




20   Hang Lung Properties Limited
I would like to take this opportunity to thank our colleagues who remained in Wuhan, the
epicenter of the pandemic, throughout the lockdown period. During that time, we had almost
200 staff there including almost 20 from Hong Kong. They have been most professional,
prudent, and loyal. The same was true of the other cities where we have a presence. In
addition, under Hong Kong leadership, especially our Human Resources team, morale was
kept high everywhere. We were most relieved that not a single member of our staff in Wuhan
was tested positive for the virus. Before the resumption of work, we paid for the testing of not
only our own colleagues, but all the workers of our contractors who were employed on our
site.


It is also appropriate that I should single out our frontline staff who could not work from home
during these challenging times. They were the most exposed to the danger, and I salute them
all.




Ronnie C. Chan
Chairman
Hong Kong, July 30, 2020




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   21
Financial Highlights
in HK$ Million (unless otherwise stated)


RESULTS
                                                          For the six months ended June 30
                                                      2020                               2019
                                      Property       Property                 Property   Property
                                       Leasing          Sales        Total     Leasing      Sales      Total

Revenue                                    4,184            –         4,184     4,204          –      4,204
 Mainland China                            2,277            –         2,277     2,190          –      2,190
 Hong Kong                                 1,907            –         1,907     2,014          –      2,014

Operating profit                           3,045           (4)        3,041     3,217          –      3,217
 Mainland China                            1,480           (2)        1,478     1,487          –      1,487
 Hong Kong                                 1,565           (2)        1,563     1,730          –      1,730

Underlying net profit
 attributable to shareholders              1,993           (4)        1,989     2,229          –      2,229

Net (decrease)/increase in fair
  value of properties
  attributable to shareholders             (4,526)          –        (4,526)    1,287          –      1,287

Net (loss)/profit attributable
 to shareholders                           (2,533)         (4)       (2,537)    3,516          –      3,516


                                                                 At June 30,                 At December 31,
                                                                       2020                            2019

Shareholders’ equity                                                131,820                         138,669

Net assets attributable to shareholders
 per share (HK$)                                                      $29.3                           $30.8

Earnings and Dividend (HK$)
                                                                      2020                             2019

(Loss)/earnings per share
– based on underlying net profit attributable to
  shareholders                                                        $0.44                           $0.50
– based on net (loss)/profit attributable to
  shareholders                                                       ($0.56)                          $0.78

Interim dividend per share                                            $0.17                           $0.17

Financial ratio
                                                                 At June 30,                 At December 31,
                                                                       2020                            2019

Net debt to equity ratio                                             20.8%                            17.8%
Debt to equity ratio                                                 23.1%                            20.1%

22   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Review of Operations

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS

Total revenue of Hang Lung Properties Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively
known as “Hang Lung Properties”) for the six months ended June 30, 2020 stayed flat at
HK$4,184 million, and operating profit decreased 5% to HK$3,041 million, mainly attributable
to the adverse effects brought on by the outbreak of the novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19).
The remarkable performance of our Mainland operations was mitigated by a 4.5% Renminbi
(RMB) depreciation against the Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) over the corresponding period of last
year. No property sales revenue was recognized during the first half year in 2020, as was the
case for 2019.


Underlying net profit attributable to shareholders fell 11% to HK$1,989 million. Underlying
earnings per share decreased correspondingly to HK$0.44.


After taking into account the net revaluation loss of properties attributable to shareholders
of HK$4,526 million, Hang Lung Properties reported a net loss attributable to shareholders
of HK$2,537 million (2019: net profit of HK$3,516 million). The loss per share was HK$0.56
(2019: earnings per share of HK$0.78).


Revenue and Operating Profit for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                        Revenue                           Operating Profit
                                2020         2019     Change         2020          2019        Change
                          HK$ Million   HK$ Million            HK$ Million    HK$ Million


Property Leasing                4,184        4,204         –        3,045          3,217          –5%
  Mainland China                2,277        2,190       4%         1,480          1,487               –
  Hong Kong                     1,907        2,014      –5%         1,565          1,730         –10%
Property Sales                      –            –         –            (4)            –           N/A
Total                           4,184        4,204         –        3,041          3,217          –5%




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited       23
DIVIDEND

The Board of Directors has declared an interim dividend of HK17 cents per share for 2020
(2019: HK17 cents) to be paid by cash on September 29, 2020, to shareholders whose
names appeared on the register of members on September 16, 2020.


PROPERTY LEASING

Hong Kong leasing revenue fell by 5% period-on-period, reflecting the dual impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic and social unrest. Steps were taken to alleviate the extreme pressure
on tenants’ businesses, including the provision of rent relief and other supporting measures.
While facing primarily the COVID-19 challenges in the early part of the year, Mainland
businesses recovered swiftly and sharply starting from April onwards, resulting in the growth
of 9% in RMB terms and 4% in HKD terms.


The overall leasing performance of Hang Lung Properties for the first half of 2020 stayed flat
at HK$4,184 million.


A donation of RMB10 million was made to establish a relief fund in support of measures to
stem the spread of COVID-19 on the Mainland and in Hong Kong.


Mainland China


In the first six months of 2020, leasing revenue of the Mainland portfolio rose by 9% to
RMB2,062 million while retail sales grew by 6%. Such growth was partly contributed by new
leasing properties which commenced business in the third quarter of 2019, namely Kunming
Spring City 66, Office Tower 2 at Wuxi Center 66 and Conrad Shenyang at Shenyang Forum
66. Excluding the income from these new properties, leasing revenue still increased by
3% as compared to the first half of last year despite the impact of COVID-19. This set of
performance was remarkable in the face of the pandemic.


Retail sales at Shanghai Plaza 66, Shanghai Grand Gateway 66 and Wuxi Center 66 recorded
growth in the range of 7% to 17%, with corresponding increase of 6% to 15% in rental
revenue, reflecting the strength of their luxury content.




24   Hang Lung Properties Limited
As COVID-19 in mainland China subsided, luxury sales rebounded significantly starting
from April, reflecting the pent-up demand that was also fueled by reshoring of spending
in this sector. Major luxury brands did their part with product innovation, redistribution of
merchandise and targeted promotions on omni-channels. On the other hand, the recovery
among other retail properties carrying lighter luxury contents, has been modest, reflecting
a much more prudent approach on the part of both government and business towards
resumption of normal life. These retail properties presented negative growth primarily due to
the sales loss during lock-down.


The office portfolio on the Mainland was less affected by COVID-19, which reflected the
tenacity of high quality tenants and the high standard of hygiene and sanitation maintained
by our property management. Occupancy receded in Wuxi Center 66 Office Tower 1, which
was more than compensated by the new tenancies added to the new Office Tower 2 of the
same project. Office leasing at the new Kunming Spring City 66 office tower progressed well.
Therefore the office portfolio enjoyed a 2% growth in revenue in the first half of 2020.


Overall operating profit for the Mainland portfolio grew by 4% while the average rental margin
was 65%.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   25
Mainland China Property Leasing Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                                              Revenue
                                                            (RMB Million)                 Occupancy Rate*
City and Name of Property                              2020      2019 Change                 Mall   Office

Shanghai Plaza 66                                        861         827         4%            95%          91%
Shanghai Grand Gateway 66                                453         394       15%             94%           N/A
Shenyang Palace 66                                        85          95      –11%             83%           N/A
Shenyang Forum 66 #                                      127         113       12%             83%          88%
Jinan Parc 66                                            148         158       – 6%            92%           N/A
Wuxi Center 66 #                                         154         140       10%             92%          64%
Tianjin Riverside 66                                      80          93      –14%             84%           N/A
Dalian Olympia 66                                         67          74       – 9%            80%           N/A
Kunming Spring City 66 #                                  87           –        N/A            84%          22%
Total                                                 2,062         1,894        9%
Total in HK$ Million equivalent                       2,277         2,190         4%

*     All occupancy rates stated herein were as of June 30, 2020.

#     New properties opened in the second half of 2019: Conrad Shenyang at Shenyang Forum 66, Office Tower 2 at Wuxi
      Center 66, and the mall and office tower at Kunming Spring City 66.


•     Malls


With the addition of the new mall in Kunming, which opened in August 2019, to our eight
existing malls in mainland China, our portfolio collected 9% more revenue at RMB1,618
million, while the revenue of the eight existing malls grew by 4% period-on-period.


The Shanghai Plaza 66 mall collected 9% more in rents despite rent relief offered during
the height of COVID-19 and the transitional voids to accommodate brand expansions
and relocations. Firmly positioned as the Home to Luxury and leveraging on HOUSE 66,
our nationwide customer relationship management (CRM) program, the mall recorded the
strongest rebound from the COVID-19 pandemic among Mainland malls. It benefitted from
pent-up demand and, more specifically, the repatriation of luxury spending. Retail sales rose
by 17% for the six months of the reporting period despite business interruptions during the
outbreak. We will continue to cultivate customer loyalty and drive tenant sales by taking
advantage of the upward trend in local luxury spending.




26   Hang Lung Properties Limited
The Shanghai Grand Gateway 66 mall delivered remarkable results with revenue jumping
15% to RMB453 million, as the benefits of its Asset Enhancement Initiatives (AEI) began
to flow through. The basement was reopened in June 2019, followed by the opening of
the main atrium of the South Building to a strong collection of luxury brands in December
2019. The North Building, housing a trendy mix of lifestyle brands and a refurbished cinema,
complimented the much-enhanced luxury offering in the South Building. Together, they have
turned the mall into a popular hub for young and affluent customers. The second phase of
the renovation covering the upper floors of the South Building is scheduled for completion in
the third quarter of 2020. Total retail sales have seen a strong recovery in the post-COVID-19,
exceeding the first half of last year by 7%. It is worth noting that there was a strong recovery
in the second quarter with a 41% increase compared to the same period last year.


The Shenyang Palace 66 mall was deeply affected by the postponement of new store
openings and the closure of some stores under local government directives amidst
COVID-19. Revenue fell by 11% to RMB85 million. With the resumption of business by over
96% of stores as of June 2020, shopping sentiment has recovered modestly but daily footfall
has yet to return to pre-pandemic levels. The mall business was also affected by extensive
public roadworks along the pedestrianized zone during the reporting period. As a result, retail
sales dropped by 34% period-on-period. Occupancy fell by eight points to 83%. In spite of
these challenges, Palace 66 launched an array of sales-driven promotional campaigns to
boost retail sales and footfall riding on the back of its 10th Anniversary in June.


The Shenyang Forum 66 mall was likewise negatively impacted by the pandemic and
witnessed a drop in footfall, overall sales and revenue in the first half of the reporting year.
Both retail sales and revenue retreated 14%. However, sales in luxury segment rebounded
strongly in May and June. The nationwide CRM program HOUSE 66 will also be launched in
August to provide bespoke service to our Very Important Customers (VICs) and capture high-
level spending and loyalty.


Revenue at the Jinan Parc 66 mall declined by 6% period-on-period to RMB148 million,
again due to the impact of COVID-19. Retail sales fell by 34% period-on-period but are
beginning to see the first signs of recovery as a result of strong marketing efforts and the
engagement of the HOUSE 66 program.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   27
The Wuxi Center 66 mall is fast establishing itself as the center of luxury in the city. As the
trade mix continued to improve, the mall recorded a 6% growth in revenue. Higher base and
turnover rent from luxury brands were more than compensated for the impact of COVID-19.
The HOUSE 66 program, launched in 2019, played its part in driving solid and sustainable
growth in luxury sales. Retail sales advanced by 13%, most notably in the second quarter
which saw a leap of 50% against the corresponding period of last year, as the mall recovered
strongly from the outbreak.


The Tianjin Riverside 66 mall did not fare as well in the first half, as it was subject to a
government-ordered shutdown for disease prevention, for five weeks between February and
March. Revenue decreased by 14% period-on-period to RMB80 million. As a result of the
business closure, retail sales dropped by 40%. The mall has been collaborating with tenants
since its reopening and is on the road to recovery.


The Dalian Olympia 66 mall was also not spared from the wrath of COVID-19. It offered rent
relief to tenants and revenue fell by 9% to RMB67 million. On a brighter note, Olympia 66
has secured a strong line-up of luxury brands and several of them started to take possession
in the second quarter, paving the way for the arrival of a very attractive cluster over the rest
of the year and into 2021. During the reporting period, retail sales retreated 27% but have
been showing a healthy rebound since the second quarter. The HOUSE 66 program was
successfully launched in June 2020.


The Kunming Spring City 66 mall is preparing for the planned arrival of a line-up of new
luxury brands throughout the summer. The mall collected RMB74 million in rents during the
reporting period. Retail performance of key luxury brands led a rebound to pre-pandemic
levels, while sales in other trades also showed upward momentum.


•     Offices


During the reporting period, our six office towers in four cities recorded a revenue growth of 2%
to RMB422 million, driven by the new income contribution from the second office tower at
Wuxi Center 66 and the office tower at Kunming Spring City 66, both of which commenced
operations in the third quarter of 2019. Revenue from existing office towers retreated mildly by
3% as leasing activities remained subdue in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic.




28   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Income from the two office towers at Shanghai Plaza 66 fell by 4% period-on-period. While a
handful of smaller tenants gave up space amidst COVID-19, larger international groups in the
fashion and professional service sectors continued to use the opportunity to expand under
one roof at this desirable address, enhancing the overall quality of our tenant portfolio. By and
large, Plaza 66 was able to retain its long-term tenants on the strength of quality services and
facilities. Income is expected to stabilize once the pandemic-related transitional adjustments
are settled.


Revenue from the office tower at Shenyang Forum 66 dropped by 1% period-on-period.
The period-end occupancy rate fell slightly by one point to 88% as a small number of tenants
reacted to the impact of the pandemic by downsizing.


With tenants gradually taking occupancy at the new Office Tower 2 at Wuxi Center 66, total
income from the two towers increased by 18% in the first half of 2020. The new lettings and
occupancy of Office Tower 2 more than compensated the minor retreat in Office Tower 1 due,
again, to the effects of the pandemic. The absorption rate of Office Tower 2 was satisfactory
with occupancy reaching 33% as of June 30, 2020. It successfully captured demand from
the insurance and technology sectors as well as industries from the new economy.


The office tower at Kunming Spring City 66 collected rental revenue of RMB13 million for
the first half of 2020. The occupancy rate was 22% at period-end. With the advantage of
prime location and premium facilities, the office tower attracted renowned tenants from fast
growing industries in Southwest China, including insurance, banking, finance, e-commerce
and pharmaceutical.


•   Hotel


Conrad Shenyang, opened in September 2019, contributed revenue of RMB22 million for
the reporting period. Both room sales and the food and beverage business were significantly
hampered by the COVID-19 pandemic. Revenue was gradually recovering in May as the
restaurants were reopened and business and leisure travels started to resume. The pace of
recovery would depend on the stability of disease control measures on a nationwide scale.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   29
Hong Kong


The Hong Kong economy was hit hard by the COVID-19 pandemic and social unrest, our
portfolio unavoidably felt the impact. Revenue fell by 5% to HK$1,907 million while operating
profit dropped by 10% to HK$1,565 million. Rental margin was at 82%.


The more tourist-oriented trades with street frontage in Fashion Walk Causeway Bay and
Mongkok were the worst hit within the portfolio, both in terms of tenant sales and rental
revenue, while community malls like Kornhill Plaza and Amoy Plaza were more resilient.


The office sector also faced challenges with a decline in business for the semi-retail trades
and food and beverage tenants, a decrease of patients at medical clinics, and extensive shut-
down of education centers, gyms and beauty services, some by government order.


Hong Kong Property Leasing Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                                                      Revenue                 Occupancy
                                                                     (HK$ Million)                Rate*
                                                             2020           2019     Change


Commercial                                                  1,133          1,198       –5%         97%
Office and Industrial/Offices                                  635           655       –3%         90%
Residential & Serviced Apartments                              139           161      –14%         58%
Total                                                       1,907          2,014       –5%


*     All occupancy rates stated herein were as of June 30, 2020.


•     Commercial


Revenue from our Hong Kong commercial portfolio decreased by 5% period-on-period to
HK$1,133 million. The overall occupancy rate increased one point to 97%.


The Causeway Bay portfolio was the hardest hit due to the significant decrease in tourists
and associated retail spending. Revenue from this portfolio dropped by 13% to HK$281
million period-on-period, with the occupancy rate declining seven points to 92%.




30   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Our Mongkok portfolio was severely affected as well, given its exposure to tourism related
businesses. Revenue at Grand Plaza and Gala Place in Mongkok decreased by 9% during
the period. Both properties remained fully let at the reporting date.


Kornhill Plaza in Hong Kong East and Amoy Plaza in Kowloon East, our community
malls, were less affected. Revenue at Kornhill Plaza increased by 1% while revenue at Amoy
Plaza retreated moderately at 5%. In contrast to other trades, our mega department store
AEON STYLE at Kornhill Plaza continued to perform well, reflecting its strong positioning even
under adverse market conditions.


Peak Galleria was reopened in the second half of 2019 after the completion of a two-
year extensive AEI. Despite reopening at a challenging time, the occupancy rate of the mall
reached 89% by the end of the reporting period.


•   Offices


The Hong Kong office portfolio was also directly affected by COVID-19. Its revenue dropped
by 3% period-on-period to HK$635 million. The overall occupancy rate fell by two points
to 90%. Our offices in Central were more resilient and collected 4% more rents during the
reporting period mainly due to positive rental reversions and stable occupancy. Revenue from
the Mongkok and Causeway Bay portfolios, which have a heavy mix of medical and semi-
retail uses, decreased by 5% and 10% respectively as a result of lower occupancy and rent
relief granted. Hong Kong office rental accounted for 33% of total leasing income in Hong
Kong.


•   Residential and Serviced Apartments


Revenue from the apartments shrank by 14% period-on-period to HK$139 million, mainly due
to lower occupancy at Kornhill Apartments and The Summit.


PROPERTY SALES

During the first six months, the last unit (duplex) of The Long Beach was sold. As the sale was
recognized upon completion of legal assignment in July 2020, no revenue or profit in respect
of the transaction was recorded in the first half of 2020.




                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited   31
PROPERTY REVALUATION

The total value of our investment properties and investment properties under development
amounted to HK$180,865 million as of June 30, 2020, comprising the value of the Hong
Kong portfolio and the mainland China portfolio standing at HK$62,849 million and
HK$118,016 million, respectively. These properties were revalued by Savills, an independent
valuer, as of June 30, 2020.


A revaluation loss of HK$4,642 million (2019: gain of HK$1,438 million) was recorded,
representing a 2% decrease in valuation compared to the value as of December 31, 2019.


The mainland China portfolio recorded a loss of HK$2,307 million (2019: HK$362 million),
mainly reflecting the drop in market rents during the period. Although the performance of
our Mainland leasing portfolio has been demonstrating a healthy recovery since the second
quarter, tenants remained cautious about capital expenditures on expansions and rental
reversions on lease renewals, particularly for the office tenants.


The Hong Kong portfolio had a revaluation loss of HK$2,335 million (2019: gain of HK$1,800
million). The decrease in appraised value of our investment properties in Hong Kong reflected
the drop in market rents and weakened consumer spending as a result of the pandemic and
in the aftermath of social unrest.


As our investment properties are held as long-term investments for stable and recurring
income and the revaluation loss is non-cash in nature, there will be no material effect on the
operating cash flow and dividend distribution capability.


PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT AND CAPITAL COMMITMENT

The aggregated values of development projects in investment properties for leasing and
properties for sale were HK$26,441 million and HK$5,389 million, respectively. These
comprised mainland China projects in Wuhan, Wuxi, Kunming, Hangzhou and Shenyang, and
redevelopment projects in Hong Kong. At the reporting date, our capital commitments for
investment properties amounted to HK$24 billion.




32   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Mainland China


The next Mainland project to commence operations will be Wuhan Heartland 66, which will
house a premier mall, a Grade A office tower and serviced apartments for sale, with a total
gross floor area of 460,000 square meters. Construction works were suspended after the
COVID-19 outbreak in January, but have resumed since April 2020. The completion of the
mall and the office tower will be around the last quarter of 2020. Construction of the three
residential towers has commenced and is scheduled for completion, in stages, beginning in
the last quarter of 2022.


Phase two of Wuxi Center 66 comprises luxury serviced apartments and a boutique hotel,
with a total gross floor area of 108,982 square meters. The master layout plan of the project
has been approved and excavation works commenced in 2019. The project is expected to
reach completion from 2023 onwards.


The remaining development at Kunming Spring City 66 comprises a five-star hotel and
luxury apartments. The planning permit was obtained in May 2020. Project completion is
planned for 2023.


Hangzhou Westlake 66, a high-end commercial complex with a total gross floor area of
194,100 square meters above-ground, has been underway since September 2019. The
entire project, comprises a retail podium with five Grade A office towers and a luxury hotel is
scheduled for completion, in phases, from 2024.


The master layout plan of the remaining phases of Shenyang Forum 66, consisting of offices,
apartments and a retail podium with a total gross floor area of 502,660 square meters, was
approved in April 2020. Construction works will commence, in phases, beginning the second
half of 2020.


Hong Kong


In 2019, joining hands with our parent company, Hang Lung Group Limited, we commenced
a redevelopment project at 226-240 Electric Road in North Point for the construction of
a Grade A office tower with a total gross floor area of approximately 105,000 square feet,
inclusive of a retail area on lower floors. Construction works have been started and the project
is expected to complete in 2022.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   33
The former Amoycan Industrial Centre in Ngau Tau Kok, close to MTR Kowloon Bay Station
and the future East Kowloon Cultural Centre, will be redeveloped into residential units for
sale with a total gross floor area of 155,000 square feet, and some commercial areas on
the podium floors. Construction works are progressing well and the project is targeted for
completion in 2023.


LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

Our major financial management objective is to maintain an appropriate capital structure with
a high degree of agility. This is to ensure access to sufficient financial resources for meeting
operational needs and business expansions. We also strive to establish multiple channels of
debt financing for risk mitigation purposes. All financial risk management, including debt re-
financing, foreign exchange exposure, and interest rate volatility, etc., are centrally managed
and controlled at the corporate level.


•     Liquidity and Financing Management


Cash flow position and funding needs are closely monitored and regularly reviewed to ensure
that we have a good degree of financial flexibility and liquidity while optimizing net financial
costs.


As of June 30, 2020, total cash and bank balances amounted to HK$3,190 million (December
31, 2019: HK$3,306 million). All deposits are placed with banks with strong credit ratings and
the counterparty risk is monitored on a regular basis.


For debt portfolio management, we focus on mitigating foreign exchange, interest rate, and
re-financing risks. An appropriate mix of RMB/HKD/USD borrowings, fixed/floating rate debts,
a staggered debt repayment profile, and a diversified source of funding are maintained.


As of June 30, 2020, total borrowings amounted to HK$32,582 million (December 31, 2019:
HK$29,673 million), of which about 36% was denominated in RMB. The higher debt balance
against the previous year-end was due to construction payments for the various projects
under development in mainland China and Hong Kong.




34   Hang Lung Properties Limited
During the period, Hang Lung Properties entered into a number of interest rate swap
contracts swapping a total of HK$4.5 billion floating rate borrowings to fixed rate with the
objectives of mitigating interest rate volatility risks and optimizing interest costs. Additional
Medium Term Notes of HK$4.0 billion has also been issued in the first half of 2020, of which
HK$1.2 billion were issued as green bonds under our Green Finance Framework established
in 2019 as part of our ESG (environmental, social and governance) initiatives. As a result, fixed
rate borrowings accounted for 66% of our total borrowings as of June 30, 2020.


The composition of our debt portfolio can be categorized as follows:


i)    by currency (after currency swap):

                                           At June 30, 2020               At December 31, 2019
                                        HK$ Million   % of Total         HK$ Million   % of Total

Denominated in:
  HKD                                         20,847               64%       18,116                61%
  RMB                                         11,735               36%       11,557                39%
Total borrowings                              32,582              100%       29,673               100%


ii)   by fixed or floating interest (after interest rate swap):

                                           At June 30, 2020               At December 31, 2019
                                        HK$ Million   % of Total         HK$ Million   % of Total

Fixed                                         21,464               66%       13,466                45%
Floating                                      11,118               34%       16,207                55%
Total borrowings                              32,582              100%       29,673               100%


At the reporting date, the average tenure of the entire loan portfolio was 3.0 years (December
31, 2019: 2.9 years). The maturity profile was well staggered and spread over a period of over
10 years. Around 57% of the loans were repayable after 2 years.




                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited   35
                                         At June 30, 2020              At December 31, 2019
                                      HK$ Million     % of Total      HK$ Million    % of Total

Repayable:
  Within 1 year                            6,344           19%            2,694            9%
  After 1 but within 2 years               7,743           24%            7,235           25%
  After 2 but within 5 years              15,277           47%           18,172           61%
  Over 5 years                             3,218           10%            1,572            5%
Total borrowings                          32,582          100%           29,673          100%


As of June 30, 2020, total undrawn committed banking facilities amounted to HK$11,129
million (December 31, 2019: HK$9,399 million). The available balances of the USD4 billion
(December 31, 2019: USD3 billion) Medium Term Note Program amounted to USD1,941
million, equivalent to HK$15,044 million in total (December 31, 2019: HK$10,965 million).


•     Gearing Ratios and Interest Cover


As of June 30, 2020, the net debt balance amounted to HK$29,392 million (December 31,
2019: HK$26,367 million). Net debt to equity ratio was 20.8% (December 31, 2019: 17.8%)
and debt to equity ratio was 23.1% (December 31, 2019: 20.1%).


For the six months ended June 30, 2020, gross amount of finance costs decreased by 5%
to HK$719 million. The net amount charged to the statement of profit or loss for the first half
of 2020 increased to HK$53 million due to a reduction in finance costs being capitalized to
projects under development after the completion and opening of a few new properties during
2019.


Interest income for the period decreased 68% to HK$31 million. The decrease was mainly the
result of the utilization of surplus cash to meet construction payments.


For the first six months of 2020, the amount of finance costs in excess of interest income, i.e.
net interest expense, was HK$22 million (2019: net interest income of HK$88 million). The
average effective cost of borrowings for the period was lowered to 4.6% (2019: 4.8%).

Interest cover for the first six months of 2020 was 4 times (2019: 4 times).




36   Hang Lung Properties Limited
•   Foreign Exchange Management


Our business activities are exposed to foreign exchange risks, mainly arising from normal
operations in mainland China and the two USD500 million bonds issued. Appropriate
measures have been taken to mitigate the exposure to foreign exchange risk.


The cash and bank balances at the reporting date comprised the following currencies:

                                        At June 30, 2020             At December 31, 2019
                                     HK$ Million     % of Total     HK$ Million    % of Total

Denominated in:
  HKD                                     2,105           66%           2,056                62%
  RMB                                       985           31%           1,150                35%
  USD                                       100            3%             100                 3%
Total cash and bank balances              3,190          100%           3,306               100%


(a) RMB Exposure


Our RMB exposure is mainly derived from the currency translation risk arising from the net
assets of our subsidiaries in mainland China.


As of June 30, 2020, net assets denominated in RMB accounted for about 64% of our
total net assets. As the RMB has depreciated by about 1.9% against the HKD compared to
December 31, 2019, the re-translation of these net assets denominated in RMB into HKD
using the exchange rate as of the reporting date resulted in a re-translation loss of HK$1,897
million (2019: HK$402 million). The re-translation loss was recognized in other comprehensive
income/exchange reserve.


Our business operations and projects under development in mainland China are funded by
cash inflows from mainland China operations and RMB borrowings in addition to capital
injections from Hong Kong. We have adopted a systematic approach to mitigate the
currency risks and practiced the strict discipline of not taking any speculative position on
the movement of the RMB against the HKD. Regular business reviews were undertaken to
assess the level of funding needs for our mainland China projects after taking into account
various factors such as regulatory constraints, project development timelines, and the market
environment. Appropriate modifications to our funding plan will be conducted in light of the
change of circumstances.


                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   37
(b) USD Exposure


The USD foreign exchange exposure is related to the two USD500 million fixed rate bonds
issued, equivalent to HK$7,751 million at the reporting date. The related currency exchange
risk was covered back-to-back by two USD/HKD cross currency swap contracts.


•     Charge of Assets


Assets of Hang Lung Properties were not charged to any third parties as of June 30, 2020.


•     Contingent Liabilities


Hang Lung Properties did not have any material contingent liabilities as of June 30, 2020.


OUTLOOK

Our performance in the second half of 2020 will depend on the retail sales recovery on the
Mainland, particularly in the lifestyle sector given the luxury sector proved to recover much
faster than expected as well as the socio-economic stability in Hong Kong.


Our Mainland properties are expected to fully recover by the end of third quarter and will
continue to deliver solid organic growth. Properties commencing business in 2019 will show
their full year effect in 2020. On the marketing side, the gradual maturity of the portfolio-
wide CRM program HOUSE 66 and the deployment of a variety of digital social platforms
will complement the rise in our malls’ luxury offering. By strengthening the Hang Lung
branded experience and delivering tailor-made services to customers and tenants alike, these
programs will continue to bring in new business and enhance relationships. The continued
opening of new luxury shops according to plan in various malls, along with the completion
of the AEI at Shanghai Grand Gateway 66 mall in the second half of this year, are drivers of
revenue growth.


Subject to market conditions, we will continue to sell completed residential properties in Hong
Kong and explore opportunities to dispose of non-core properties.


On the property development side, two redevelopment projects in Hong Kong are in progress
and we will continue to look for development opportunities. On the Mainland, construction of
luxury/high-end serviced apartments in our projects in Wuhan, Wuxi, Kunming and Shenyang
will continue. Sales and marketing plans for the sales of those apartments are being
developed.
38   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Other Information

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

We are committed to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance. During
the six months ended June 30, 2020, we adopted corporate governance principles that
emphasize a qualified Board of Directors (the “Board”), sound internal controls, and effective
risk management to enhance transparency and accountability towards our stakeholders.
The general framework of our corporate governance practices is set out in our corporate
governance report in the 2019 annual report, which is available on our website under
Financial Report of Financial Information of the Investor Relations section.


The Board


The Board currently consists of 11 members: comprising four Executive Directors; one Non-
Executive Director; and six Independent Non-Executive Directors. There is a clear division of
responsibilities between the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer to ensure a balance
of power and authority. The Board continues to review its practices from time to time,
constantly seeking to improve the Group’s corporate governance procedures in accordance
with international best practices. An updated list of Board members identifying their roles and
functions and whether they are Independent Non-Executive Directors is maintained on both
our website and the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (“HKEx”). The
biographical details of Board members are also maintained on our website under Board of
Directors of Corporate Governance of the Investor Relations section.


Nomination and Remuneration Committee


Our Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which is chaired by an Independent Non-
Executive Director, currently consists of three Independent Non-Executive Directors. The
Committee members meet at least once a year. Its duties include reviewing significant
changes to the salary structure of the Group and the terms and conditions affecting Executive
Directors of the Board and senior management. The Committee members also conduct
regular reviews of the Board’s structure, size and diversity, and make recommendations to
the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and succession planning of Directors of the
Board. The terms of reference of the Committee can be accessed on both our website and
the website of HKEx.




                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited   39
Audit Committee


Our Audit Committee, which is chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director, currently
consists of four Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Committee members meet at
least four times a year. Meetings are normally attended by external and internal auditors, the
Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary for the purposes of, inter alia, discussing
the nature and scope of internal audit work and assessing the Company’s internal controls.
The terms of reference of the Committee, which include duties pertaining to corporate
governance functions and the oversight of risk management, are available on both our
website and the website of HKEx. The Audit Committee has reviewed this interim report,
including the unaudited interim financial report for the six months ended June 30, 2020, and
has recommended their adoption by the Board.


This interim financial report is unaudited but has been reviewed by KPMG, our auditor, in
accordance with the Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of interim
financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity” issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Independent Auditor’s Review Report is
set out on pages 46 and 47 of this interim report.


Compliance with Corporate Governance Code


During the six months ended June 30, 2020, we complied with the code provisions set out in
the Corporate Governance Code as stated in Appendix 14 of the Rules Governing the Listing
of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
Exchange”).


Compliance with Model Code contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules


We have adopted a code of conduct with regard to securities transactions by Directors of the
Board (the “Code of Conduct”) on terms that are no less exacting than the required standard
set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained
in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”). The Company has made specific
enquiries with all Directors of the Board and confirmed that they have complied with the
required standard set out in the Model Code and the Code of Conduct regarding securities
transactions by Directors of the Board throughout the six months ended June 30, 2020.




40   Hang Lung Properties Limited
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at June 30, 2020, the interests or short positions of each of the Directors of the Board
in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated
corporations (within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which
were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Part XV of
the SFO or pursuant to the Model Code or which were recorded in the register required to be
kept by the Company under section 352 of the SFO are as follows:


                                                             The Company                      Hang Lung Group Limited
                                                            (Long Position)                        (Long Position)
                                                                     % of     Number                                 % of
                                                               Number of     of Shares                         Number of
                                               Number              Issued under Option          Number             Issued
Name                Capacity                  of Shares            Shares       (Note 3)       of Shares           Shares

Ronnie C. Chan      Personal & Other         16,330,000              0.36    17,525,000       14,470,500                  1.06
                                                                                                  (Note 1)
Weber W.P. Lo       Personal                           –               –     12,750,000                 –                 –
Ronald J. Arculli   Personal & Corporate        724,346             0.02              –        1,089,975               0.08
Nelson W.L. Yuen    Personal                  8,000,000             0.18              –                 –                 –
Dominic C.F. Ho     –                                  –               –              –                 –                 –
Philip N.L. Chen    Personal                           –               –     24,000,000                 –                 –
Andrew K.C. Chan    –                                  –               –              –                 –                 –
H.K. Chang          –                                  –               –              –                 –                 –
Anita Y.M. Fung     –                                  –               –              –                 –                 –
H.C. Ho             Personal                           –               –     13,600,000                 –                 –
Adriel W. Chan      Personal & Other       2,644,956,340           58.81      4,400,000      525,102,080              38.56
                                                 (Note 2)                                    (Notes 1 & 2)

Notes


1.   Other interests included 2,680,500 shares of Hang Lung Group Limited (“HLG”) held
     by a trust of which Mr. Ronnie C. Chan and Mr. Adriel W. Chan were discretionary
     beneficiaries. Accordingly, Mr. Ronnie C. Chan and Mr. Adriel W. Chan were deemed to
     be interested in such shares under the SFO.




                                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited     41
2.    Other interests included 2,644,956,340 shares of the Company and another 522,421,580
      shares of HLG held/deemed to be held by another trust of which Mr. Adriel W. Chan was
      a discretionary beneficiary. Accordingly, Mr. Adriel W. Chan was deemed to be interested
      in such shares under the SFO.


3.    Movements of Options under the Share Option Schemes of the Company


      (i)   Share Option Scheme adopted on November 22, 2002

                                              Number of Shares under Option
                                                            Lapsed                    Exercise Price
      Date Granted                               As at       during           As at       per Share       Vested Dates     Expiry Date
      (mm/dd/yyyy)     Name               Jan 1, 2020    the Period   Jun 30, 2020             (HK$)       (mm/dd/yyyy)   (mm/dd/yyyy)


      02/08/2010       Ronnie C. Chan      6,500,000     6,500,000               –           $26.46    02/08/2012: 10%     02/07/2020
                       Nelson W.L. Yuen    6,500,000     6,500,000               –                     02/08/2013: 20%
                                                                                                       02/08/2014: 30%
                                                                                                       02/08/2015: 40%



      07/29/2010       Philip N.L. Chen   10,000,000             –     10,000,000            $33.05    07/29/2012: 10%     07/28/2020
                                                                                                       07/29/2013: 20%
                                                                                                       07/29/2014: 30%
                                                                                                       07/29/2015: 40%



      09/29/2010       H.C. Ho             2,000,000             –       2,000,000           $36.90    09/29/2012: 10%     09/28/2020
                                                                                                       09/29/2013: 20%
                                                                                                       09/29/2014: 30%
                                                                                                       09/29/2015: 40%



      06/13/2011       Ronnie C. Chan      4,500,000             –       4,500,000           $30.79    06/13/2013: 10%     06/12/2021
                       Philip N.L. Chen    4,500,000             –       4,500,000                     06/13/2014: 20%
                       H.C. Ho             3,000,000             –       3,000,000                     06/13/2015: 30%
                                                                                                       06/13/2016: 40%




42   Hang Lung Properties Limited
3.   Movements of Options under the Share Option Schemes of the Company (continued)


     (ii)   Share Option Scheme adopted on April 18, 2012

                                          Number of Shares under Option
                                                    Exercised/
                                                       Lapsed                    Exercise Price
     Date Granted                             As at     during           As at       per Share        Vested Dates     Expiry Date
     (mm/dd/yyyy)   Name               Jan 1, 2020 the Period    Jun 30, 2020             (HK$)        (mm/dd/yyyy)   (mm/dd/yyyy)


     06/04/2013     Ronnie C. Chan      4,500,000           –       4,500,000           $28.20    06/04/2015: 10%       06/03/2023
                    Philip N.L. Chen    4,500,000           –       4,500,000                     06/04/2016: 20%
                    H.C. Ho             3,000,000           –       3,000,000                     06/04/2017: 30%
                    Adriel W. Chan        200,000           –         200,000                     06/04/2018: 40%



     12/05/2014     Ronnie C. Chan      2,750,000           –       2,750,000           $22.60    12/05/2016: 10%       12/04/2024
                    Philip N.L. Chen    2,500,000           –       2,500,000                     12/05/2017: 20%
                    H.C. Ho             1,850,000           –       1,850,000                     12/05/2018: 30%
                    Adriel W. Chan        150,000           –         150,000                     12/05/2019: 40%



     08/10/2017     Ronnie C. Chan      2,750,000           –       2,750,000           $19.98    08/10/2019: 10%       08/09/2027
                    Philip N.L. Chen    2,500,000           –       2,500,000                     08/10/2020: 20%
                    H.C. Ho             1,850,000           –       1,850,000                     08/10/2021: 30%
                    Adriel W. Chan      1,850,000           –       1,850,000                     08/10/2022: 40%



     05/16/2018     Weber W.P. Lo      10,000,000            –    10,000,000            $18.98    05/16/2020: 10%       05/15/2028
                                                                                                  05/16/2021: 20%
                                                                                                  05/16/2022: 30%
                                                                                                  05/16/2023: 40%



     06/28/2019     Ronnie C. Chan      3,025,000           –       3,025,000           $18.58    06/28/2021: 10%       06/27/2029
                    Weber W.P. Lo       2,750,000           –       2,750,000                     06/28/2022: 20%
                    H.C. Ho             1,900,000           –       1,900,000                     06/28/2023: 30%
                    Adriel W. Chan      2,200,000           –       2,200,000                     06/28/2024: 40%



Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors of the Board had, as at June 30, 2020, any
interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or
any associated corporations.


Other than as stated above, at no time during the six months ended June 30, 2020 was
the Company, its holding company or any of their respective subsidiaries a party to any
arrangement to enable the Directors of the Board to acquire benefits by means of the
acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.


                                                                                                  Hang Lung Properties Limited   43
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at June 30, 2020, details of substantial shareholders’ and other persons’ (who are required
to disclose their interests pursuant to Part XV of the SFO) interests and short positions in the
shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept
under section 336 of the SFO are as follows:


                                                     Number of Shares or       % of Number of
                                                  Underlying Shares Held         Issued Shares
Name                                      Note             (Long Position)      (Long Position)


Chan Tan Ching Fen                         1                2,644,956,340                58.81
Cole Enterprises Holdings (PTC) Limited    1                2,644,956,340                58.81
Merssion Limited                           1                2,644,956,340                58.81
Adriel W. Chan                             1                2,644,956,340                58.81
Hang Lung Group Limited                    2                2,616,623,240                58.18
Prosperland Housing Limited                3                1,267,608,690                30.60
Purotat Limited                            3                  354,227,500                 8.55


Notes

1.    These shares were the same parcel of shares held by controlled corporations of Merssion
      Limited which was held under a trust. As Ms. Chan Tan Ching Fen was the founder,
      Cole Enterprises Holdings (PTC) Limited was the trustee and Mr. Adriel W. Chan was a
      discretionary beneficiary of the trust, they were deemed to be interested in such shares
      under the SFO.

      The controlled corporations included HLG in which Merssion Limited had 38.37%
      interests. Accordingly, the 2,616,623,240 shares held by HLG through its subsidiaries
      were included in the 2,644,956,340 shares.

2.    These shares were held by the wholly-owned subsidiaries of HLG.

3.    These companies were wholly-owned subsidiaries of HLG. Their interests were included
      in the 2,616,623,240 shares held by HLG.

Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2020, no other interests or short positions in the
shares or underlying shares of the Company required to be recorded in the register kept
under section 336 of the SFO has been notified to the Company.


44   Hang Lung Properties Limited
CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS PURSUANT TO LISTING RULES

The changes in the information of the Directors of the Board are set out below:


Mr. Philip N.L. Chen
– elected as chairman of The Hong Kong Jockey Club


Ms. Anita Y.M. Fung
– retired as an independent non-executive director of Westpac Banking Corporation


Save as disclosed above, there is no other information to be disclosed pursuant to rule
13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

During the six months ended June 30, 2020, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries
purchased, sold or redeemed any of its listed securities.


EMPLOYEES

As of June 30, 2020, the number of employees was 4,516 (comprising 1,155 Hong Kong
employees and 3,361 mainland China employees). The total employee costs for the six
months ended June 30, 2020, amounted to HK$807 million. We provide competitive
remuneration packages for all employees including discretionary bonuses payable based
on individual performance. We regularly review remuneration packages to ensure that they
comply with relevant regulatory requirements and market conditions. The Company has
share option schemes for the employees and provides professional and high-quality training
opportunities.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   45
Independent Auditor’s Review Report




Review report to the Board of Directors of Hang Lung Properties Limited
(Incorporated in the Hong Kong with limited liability)


Introduction

We have reviewed the interim financial report set out on pages 48 to 72 which comprises the
consolidated statement of financial position of Hang Lung Properties Limited (“the Company”)
as at June 30, 2020 and the related consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of
changes in equity and condensed consolidated cash flow statement for the six month
period then ended and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of an interim financial
report to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting
Standard 34, Interim financial reporting, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the interim
financial report in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34.


Our responsibility is to form a conclusion, based on our review, on the interim financial report
and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of
engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Scope of review

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements
2410, Review of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the
entity, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A review of the
interim financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong
Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we
would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly,
we do not express an audit opinion.




46   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Conclusion

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that
the interim financial report as at June 30, 2020 is not prepared, in all material respects, in
accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34, Interim financial reporting.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong


July 30, 2020




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   47
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
For the six months ended June 30, 2020 (Unaudited)



                                                                                      For information purpose only
                                                              2020          2019             2020             2019
                                                 Note   HK$ Million    HK$ Million    RMB Million      RMB Million


Revenue                                          2(a)        4,184          4,204           3,791            3,639
Direct costs and operating expenses                          (1,143)         (987)          (1,036)            (854)
                                                             3,041          3,217           2,755            2,785
Other net income                                  3             25              4              23                    3
Administrative expenses                                        (292)         (317)           (265)             (275)
Profit from operations before changes
  in fair value of properties                                2,774          2,904           2,513            2,513
Net (decrease)/increase in fair value
  of properties                                              (4,642)        1,438           (4,245)          1,259
(Loss)/profit from operations after changes in
  fair value of properties                                   (1,868)        4,342           (1,732)          3,772
Interest income                                                 31             96              28               83
Finance costs                                                   (53)            (8)            (48)              (7)
Net interest (expense)/income                     4             (22)           88              (20)             76
Share of (losses)/profits of joint ventures                     (38)           38              (35)             33
(Loss)/profit before taxation                     5          (1,928)        4,468           (1,787)          3,881
Taxation                                          6            (415)         (698)           (375)             (604)
(Loss)/profit for the period                     2(b)        (2,343)        3,770           (2,162)          3,277
Attributable to:
     Shareholders                                            (2,537)        3,516           (2,336)          3,057
     Non-controlling interests                                 194            254             174              220
                                                             (2,343)        3,770           (2,162)          3,277
(Loss)/earnings per share                        8(a)
     Basic                                                (HK$0.56)      HK$0.78        (RMB0.52)        RMB0.68
     Diluted                                              (HK$0.56)      HK$0.78        (RMB0.52)        RMB0.68




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

48     Hang Lung Properties Limited
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
For the six months ended June 30, 2020 (Unaudited)



                                                                                      For information purpose only
                                                              2020          2019             2020             2019
                                                        HK$ Million    HK$ Million   RMB Million       RMB Million


(Loss)/profit for the period                                 (2,343)        3,770           (2,162)          3,277
Other comprehensive income
Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently
   to profit or loss:
  Movement in exchange reserve:
   Exchange difference arising from translation to
   presentation currency                                     (1,897)         (402)            853               46
   Net investment hedge – net gain                              20              –              18                    –
  Movement in hedging reserve:
   Effective portion of changes in fair value                   (44)           48              (40)             41
   Net amount transferred to profit or loss                     46             22              42               20
  Deferred tax                                                    3             –                3                   –
Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax        (1,872)         (332)            876              107
Total comprehensive income for the period                    (4,215)        3,438           (1,286)          3,384
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
  Shareholders                                               (4,228)        3,213           (1,459)          3,165
  Non-controlling interests                                     13            225             173              219
                                                             (4,215)        3,438           (1,286)          3,384




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

                                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited        49
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At June 30, 2020



                                                    (Unaudited)      (Audited)   For information purpose only
                                                       June 30, December 31,        June 30, December 31,
                                                          2020          2019            2020             2019
                                             Note   HK$ Million    HK$ Million   RMB Million      RMB Million
Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment
  Investment properties                       9        154,424       159,534         141,019          142,956
   Investment properties under development    9         26,441         27,602         24,152           24,726
   Other property, plant and equipment                     234            234            214              210
                                                       181,099       187,370         165,385          167,892
     Interest in joint ventures                          1,238          1,296          1,130            1,162
     Other assets                                           87             87             79               78
     Deferred tax assets                                     3              –               3                   –
                                                       182,427       188,753         166,597          169,132
Current assets
     Cash and deposits with banks            10          3,190          3,306          2,913            2,963
     Trade and other receivables             11          2,356          2,279          2,152            2,042
     Properties for sale                                 6,343          5,642          5,791            5,057
     Assets held for sale                    12              3              –               3                   –
                                                        11,892         11,227         10,859           10,062
Current liabilities
     Bank loans and other borrowings                     6,344          2,694          5,792            2,414
     Trade and other payables                13          7,817          8,911          7,139            7,986
     Lease liabilities                                      23             23             21               21
     Current tax payable                                   474            809            433              725
                                                        14,658         12,437         13,385           11,146
Net current liabilities                                  2,766          1,210          2,526            1,084
Total assets less current liabilities                  179,661       187,543         164,071          168,048




50     Hang Lung Properties Limited
                                            (Unaudited)      (Audited)    For information purpose only
                                               June 30, December 31,         June 30, December 31,
                                                  2020          2019             2020             2019
                                    Note    HK$ Million    HK$ Million   RMB Million       RMB Million
Non-current liabilities
  Bank loans and other borrowings               26,238         26,979          23,956           24,182
  Lease liabilities                                284            293             259              262
  Deferred tax liabilities                      12,163         12,459          11,110           11,161
                                                38,685         39,731          35,325           35,605
NET ASSETS                                     140,976       147,812          128,746          132,443
Capital and reserves
  Share capital                      14         39,915         39,915          37,433           37,433
  Reserves                                      91,905         98,754          82,950           86,820
Shareholders’ equity                           131,820       138,669          120,383          124,253
Non-controlling interests                        9,156          9,143           8,363            8,190
TOTAL EQUITY                                   140,976       147,812          128,746          132,443




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited    51
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the six months ended June 30, 2020 (Unaudited)



HK$ Million                                          Shareholders’ equity
                                                                                           Non-
                                        Share           Other     Retained            controlling      Total
                                       capital       reserves        profits     Total interests      equity
                                      (Note 14)       (Note 16)    (Note 16)


At January 1, 2020                     39,915           (2,844)    101,598     138,669      9,143    147,812
Loss for the period                          –               –       (2,537)    (2,537)      194      (2,343)
Exchange difference arising from
  translation to presentation
  currency                                   –          (1,716)           –     (1,716)      (181)    (1,897)
Net investment hedge – net gain              –             20             –        20           –        20
Cash flow hedges: net movement
  in hedging reserve                         –               5            –          5          –          5
Total comprehensive income for
  the period                                 –          (1,691)      (2,537)    (4,228)       13      (4,215)
Final dividend in respect of
   previous year                             –               –       (2,653)    (2,653)         –     (2,653)
Employee share-based payments                –             (81)        113         32           –        32
At June 30, 2020                       39,915           (4,616)     96,521     131,820      9,156    140,976

At January 1, 2019                     39,915           (1,117)     98,763     137,561      6,033    143,594
Profit for the period                        –               –       3,516       3,516       254       3,770
Exchange difference arising from
  translation to presentation
  currency                                   –            (373)           –       (373)       (29)      (402)
Cash flow hedges: net movement
  in hedging reserve                         –             70             –        70           –        70
Total comprehensive income for
  the period                                 –            (303)      3,516       3,213       225       3,438
Final dividend in respect of
   previous year                             –               –       (2,609)    (2,609)         –     (2,609)
Employee share-based payments                –             10            16        26           –        26
Dividends paid to non-controlling
  interests                                  –               –            –          –       (206)      (206)
At June 30, 2019                       39,915           (1,410)     99,686     138,191      6,052    144,243



The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

52   Hang Lung Properties Limited
For information purpose only


RMB Million                                   Shareholders’ equity
                                                                                   Non-
                                     Share       Other    Retained            controlling            Total
                                    capital   reserves      profits      Total interests            equity


At January 1, 2020                  37,433       1,596      85,224     124,253        8,190        132,443
Loss for the period                      –           –       (2,336)    (2,336)          174         (2,162)
Exchange difference arising from
  translation to presentation
  currency                               –         854            –       854              (1)         853
Net investment hedge – net gain          –          18            –        18               –               18
Cash flow hedges: net movement
  in hedging reserve                     –           5            –          5              –                5
Total comprehensive income for
  the period                             –         877       (2,336)    (1,459)          173         (1,286)
Final dividend in respect of
   previous year                         –           –       (2,440)    (2,440)             –        (2,440)
Employee share-based payments            –         (75)        104         29               –               29
At June 30, 2020                    37,433       2,398      80,552     120,383         8,363       128,746

At January 1, 2019                  37,433         498      82,733     120,664         5,286       125,950
Profit for the period                    –           –       3,057       3,057           220         3,277
Exchange difference arising from
  translation to presentation
  currency                               –          47            –        47              (1)              46
Cash flow hedges: net movement
  in hedging reserve                     –          61            –        61               –               61
Total comprehensive income for
  the period                             –         108       3,057       3,165           219         3,384
Final dividend in respect of
   previous year                         –           –       (2,288)    (2,288)             –        (2,288)
Employee share-based payments            –           8          14         22               –               22
Dividends paid to non-controlling
  interests                              –           –            –          –          (181)          (181)
At June 30, 2019                    37,433         614      83,516     121,563         5,324       126,887




                                                                             Hang Lung Properties Limited        53
Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
For the six months ended June 30, 2020 (Unaudited)



                                                                                        For information purpose only
                                                                2020          2019             2020             2019
                                                          HK$ Million    HK$ Million    RMB Million      RMB Million
Operating activities
     Cash generated from operations                            2,370          2,808           2,153            2,407
     Income tax paid                                             (807)         (529)           (732)             (460)
Net cash generated from operating activities                   1,563          2,279           1,421            1,947
Investing activities
     Payment for property, plant and equipment                 (1,516)       (9,478)          (1,344)          (8,155)
  Decrease in bank deposits with maturity greater
   than three months                                                –           659                –             570
     Other cash flows arising from investing activities           37            123              32              106
Net cash used in investing activities                          (1,479)       (8,696)          (1,312)          (7,479)
Financing activities
 Proceeds from new bank loans and
  other borrowings                                            10,693          9,671           9,699            8,375
     Repayment of bank loans and other borrowings              (7,523)       (5,276)          (6,824)          (4,565)
     Capital element of lease rentals paid                         (3)            (4)             (3)              (3)
     Interest and other borrowing costs paid                     (685)         (704)           (620)             (610)
     Interest element of lease rentals paid                        (8)            (8)             (7)              (7)
     Dividend paid                                             (2,653)       (2,609)          (2,440)          (2,288)
     Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                    –          (206)               –             (181)
Net cash (used in)/generated from
 financing activities                                            (179)          864            (195)             721
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                             (95)       (5,553)             (86)          (4,811)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                           (21)           57                4               (5)
Cash and cash equivalents at January 1                         1,373          8,556           1,230            7,507
Cash and cash equivalents at June 30                           1,257          3,060           1,148            2,691
Analysis of the balance of cash and
  cash equivalents:
Cash and deposits with banks                                   3,190          6,208           2,913            5,461
Less: Bank deposits with maturity greater
   than three months                                           (1,933)       (3,148)          (1,765)          (2,770)
Cash and cash equivalents                                      1,257          3,060           1,148            2,691




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

54     Hang Lung Properties Limited
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

1. BASIS OF PREPARATION

   The unaudited interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with Hong
   Kong Accounting Standard (HKAS) 34, Interim Financial Reporting, issued by the Hong
   Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA) and the applicable disclosure
   provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
   Hong Kong Limited.


   The preparation of interim financial report in conformity with HKAS 34 requires
   management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application
   of policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses on a year-to-
   date basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


   The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG in accordance
   with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial
   information performed by the independent auditor of the entity, issued by the HKICPA.
   KPMG’s independent review report to the Board of Directors is included on pages 46 to
   47.


   The HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended Hong Kong Financial Reporting
   Standards (HKFRSs) that are first effective for the current accounting period of the
   Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”). The adoption of these new or
   amended HKFRSs does not have significant impact on the Group’s interim financial
   report.


   The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the same accounting
   policies adopted in the 2019 annual financial statements.




                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited   55
1. BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

      The presentation currency of these consolidated financial statements is Hong Kong dollar.
      In view of the Group’s significant business operations in mainland China, management
      has included additional financial information prepared in Renminbi in the consolidated
      financial statements. Such supplementary information is prepared on the same basis as
      2019 as if the presentation currency is Renminbi.


      The financial information relating to the financial year ended December 31, 2019
      included in the interim financial report as comparative information does not constitute the
      Company’s statutory annual consolidated financial statements for that financial year but
      is derived from those financial statements. Further information relating to these statutory
      financial statements disclosed in accordance with section 436 of the Hong Kong
      Companies Ordinance (Cap.622) is as follows:


      The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended December 31,
      2019 to the Registrar of Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of
      Schedule 6 to, the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


      The Company’s auditor has reported on those financial statements. The auditor’s
      report was unqualified; did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditor
      drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying its report; and did not contain
      a statement under sections 406(2), 407(2) or 407(3) of the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance.




56   Hang Lung Properties Limited
2. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

  The Group manages businesses according to the nature of services and products
  provided. Management has determined property leasing and property sales to be the
  reportable operating segments for the measurement of performance and the allocation of
  resources.


  Segment assets principally comprise all non-current assets and current assets directly
  attributable to each segment with the exception of interest in joint ventures, other assets,
  deferred tax assets and cash and deposits with banks. No segment liabilities analysis is
  presented as the Group monitors and manages liabilities on a group basis.


  (a) Disaggregation of revenue


      Revenue for the six months ended June 30, 2020 is analyzed as follows:

      HK$ Million                                                    2020                    2019

      Under the scope of HKFRS 16, Leases:
      Rental income                                                 3,751                   3,808
      Under the scope of HKFRS 15, Revenue
        from contracts with customers:
      Building management fees and
        other income from property leasing                            433                     396
                                                                    4,184                   4,204




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   57
2. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

      (b) Revenue and results by segments

            HK$ Million                                  2020                               2019
                                             Property    Property               Property     Property
                                              Leasing       Sales      Total     Leasing        Sales    Total


            Revenue
              – Mainland China                  2,277           –     2,277       2,190            –    2,190
              – Hong Kong                       1,907           –     1,907       2,014            –    2,014
                                                4,184           –     4,184       4,204            –    4,204
            Profit from operations
              before changes in
              fair value of properties
              – Mainland China                  1,359           (2)   1,357       1,340            –    1,340
              – Hong Kong                       1,419           (2)   1,417       1,564            –    1,564
                                                2,778           (4)   2,774       2,904            –    2,904
            Net (decrease)/increase
              in fair value of properties      (4,642)          –     (4,642)     1,438            –    1,438
            Net interest
              (expense)/income                    (22)          –        (22)        88            –       88
              – Interest income                   31            –        31          96            –       96
              – Finance costs                     (53)          –        (53)         (8)          –        (8)
            Share of (losses)/profits of
              joint ventures                      (38)          –        (38)        38            –       38
            (Loss)/profit before taxation      (1,924)          (4)   (1,928)     4,468            –    4,468
            Taxation                             (415)          –      (415)       (698)           –     (698)
            (Loss)/profit for the period       (2,339)          (4)   (2,343)     3,770            –    3,770
            Net (loss)/profit attributable
              to shareholders                  (2,533)          (4)   (2,537)     3,516            –    3,516




58   Hang Lung Properties Limited
2. REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

  (c) Total segment assets

      HK$ Million                               June 30, 2020                    December 31, 2019
                                     Property        Property             Property        Property
                                      Leasing           Sales     Total    Leasing           Sales       Total


      Mainland China                 119,954            2,225   122,179   123,824           1,604     125,428
      Hong Kong                        63,500           4,122    67,622    65,824           4,039      69,863
                                     183,454            6,347   189,801   189,648           5,643     195,291
      Interest in joint ventures                                  1,238                                 1,296
      Other assets                                                  87                                       87
      Deferred tax assets                                            3                                        –
      Cash and deposits with banks                                3,190                                 3,306
                                                                194,319                               199,980


3. OTHER NET INCOME

  HK$ Million                                                                 2020                    2019

  Government grants                                                                  21                      –
  Ineffectiveness on cash flow hedges                                                 1                      1
  Others                                                                              3                      3
                                                                                     25                      4




                                                                              Hang Lung Properties Limited        59
4. NET INTEREST (EXPENSE)/INCOME

      HK$ Million                                                                         2020                  2019

      Interest income on bank deposits                                                      31                     96
      Interest expense on bank loans and other borrowings                                  687                    724
      Interest on lease liabilities                                                          8                      8
      Other borrowing costs                                                                 24                     23
      Total borrowing costs                                                                719                    755
      Less: Borrowing costs capitalized                                                   (666)                  (747)
      Finance costs                                                                         53                      8
      Net interest (expense)/income                                                        (22)                    88


5. (LOSS)/PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

      HK$ Million                                                                         2020                  2019

      (Loss)/profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:
      Staff costs (Note)                                                                   670                    652
      Depreciation                                                                          28                     22

      Note: The staff costs included employee share-based payments of HK$32 million (2019: HK$26 million). If the
            amounts not recognized in the statement of profit or loss, including amounts capitalized, were accounted for,
            staff costs would have been HK$807 million (2019: HK$813 million).




60   Hang Lung Properties Limited
6. TAXATION IN THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS

  Provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% (2019: 16.5%) of the
  estimated assessable profits for the period. Mainland China Income Tax represents
  mainland China Corporate Income Tax calculated at 25% (2019: 25%) and mainland
  China withholding income tax calculated at the applicable rates. The withholding tax rate
  applicable to Hong Kong companies in respect of dividend distributions from foreign
  investment enterprises in mainland China was 5% (2019: 5%).

  HK$ Million                                                      2020                   2019

  Current tax
    Hong Kong Profits Tax                                           170                    269
    Mainland China Income Tax                                       306                    327
    Total current tax                                               476                    596
  Deferred tax
    Changes in fair value of properties                            (153)                     40
    Other origination and reversal of
    temporary differences                                            92                     62
    Total deferred tax                                              (61)                   102
  Total income tax expense                                          415                    698




                                                                  Hang Lung Properties Limited    61
7. DIVIDENDS

      (a) Interim dividend

            HK$ Million                                                                    2020                  2019

            Proposed after the end of the reporting period:
              HK17 cents (2019: HK17 cents) per share                                       765                    765


            The dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognized
            as a liability at the end of the reporting period.


      (b) Final dividend approved and paid during the six months ended June 30, 2020

            HK$ Million                                                                    2020                  2019

            2019 final dividend of HK59 cents
              (2018: HK58 cents) per share                                                2,653                  2,609


8. (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE

      (a) The calculation of basic and diluted (loss)/earnings per share is based on the
          following data:

            HK$ Million                                                                    2020                  2019

            (Loss)/earnings for calculation of basic and
              diluted (loss)/earnings per share
              (net (loss)/profit attributable to shareholders)                           (2,537)                 3,516


                                                                                      Number of shares
                                                                                        2020           2019

            Weighted average number of shares used in
             calculating basic and diluted
             (loss)/earnings per share (Note)                                 4,497,718,670          4,497,718,670

            Note:   Diluted (loss)/earnings per share were the same as the basic (loss)/earnings per share as there was no
                    dilutive effect on the potential ordinary shares during the periods.


62   Hang Lung Properties Limited
8. (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)

   (b) The underlying net profit attributable to shareholders, which excluded changes in
       fair value of properties net of related income tax and non-controlling interests, is
       calculated as follows:

       HK$ Million                                                 2020                    2019

       Net (loss)/profit attributable to shareholders             (2,537)                 3,516
       Effect of changes in fair value of properties               4,642                 (1,438)
       Effect of corresponding income tax                           (153)                   107
       Effect of changes in fair value of
          investment properties of joint ventures                    60                      (13)
                                                                  4,549                  (1,344)
       Non-controlling interests                                    (23)                      57
                                                                  4,526                  (1,287)
       Underlying net profit attributable to shareholders         1,989                   2,229


       The earnings per share based on underlying net profit attributable to shareholders
       were:

                                                                   2020                    2019

       Basic                                                   HK$0.44                HK$0.50
       Diluted                                                 HK$0.44                HK$0.50




                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited   63
9. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES UNDER
   DEVELOPMENT

      (a) Additions


            During the six months ended June 30, 2020, additions to investment properties and
            investment properties under development amounted to HK$1,327 million (2019:
            HK$9,929 million).


      (b) Valuation


            The investment properties and investment properties under development of the
            Group were revalued as of June 30, 2020 by Mr. Charles C.K. Chan, Registered
            Professional Surveyor (General Practice), of Savills Valuation and Professional
            Services Limited, on a market value basis.


10. CASH AND DEPOSITS WITH BANKS

      At the end of the reporting period, the Group had cash and deposits with banks with
      currencies denominated in:

      HK$ Million                                                 June 30,    December 31,
                                                                     2020            2019

      Hong Kong Dollars                                              2,105            2,056

      Hong Kong Dollar equivalent of:
      Renminbi                                                         985            1,150
      United States Dollars                                            100              100
                                                                     3,190            3,306




64   Hang Lung Properties Limited
10. CASH AND DEPOSITS WITH BANKS (Continued)

   After deducting cash and deposits from bank loans and other borrowings, the net debt
   position of the Group at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

   HK$ Million                                                   June 30,       December 31,
                                                                    2020               2019

   Bank loans and other borrowings                                 32,582                 29,673
   Less: Cash and deposits                                         (3,190)                 (3,306)
   Net debt                                                        29,392                 26,367


11. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

   (a) Included in trade and other receivables are trade receivables (based on the due date)
       with the following aging analysis:

       HK$ Million                                               June 30,       December 31,
                                                                    2020               2019

       Not past due or less than 1 month past due                       79                      23
       1–3 months past due                                              32                      27
       More than 3 months past due                                       8                       2
                                                                       119                      52


   (b) The Group maintains a defined credit policy including stringent credit evaluation on
       and payment of a rental deposit from tenants. In addition to the payment of rental
       deposits, tenants are required to pay monthly rents in respect of leased properties in
       advance. Receivables are regularly reviewed and closely monitored to minimize any
       associated credit risk.


       Provision for expected credit losses was assessed and adequately made on a
       case-by-case basis, based on the historical default experience and forward-looking
       information that may impact the tenants’ ability to repay the outstanding balances.


   (c) Included in other receivables of the Group is a deposit of land acquisition in mainland
       China of HK$274 million (December 31, 2019: HK$279 million).




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited    65
12. ASSETS HELD FOR SALE

      On June 22, 2020, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an
      independent third party to dispose of investment properties of two car parking spaces at
      The Long Beach in Hong Kong. Accordingly, the assets are presented as assets held for
      sale. The completion of the transaction took place in July 2020.


13. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

      (a) Included in trade and other payables are trade creditors with the following aging
          analysis:

            HK$ Million                                                    June 30,    December 31,
                                                                              2020            2019

            Due within 3 months                                              2,754               3,995
            Due after 3 months                                                 953                 816
                                                                             3,707               4,811


      (b) Included in trade and other payables is an amount of HK$601 million (December
          31, 2019: HK$601 million) due to a fellow subsidiary, which is the joint developer
          of a project in which the Group and the fellow subsidiary hold respective interests
          of 66.67% and 33.33%. The amount represents the contribution by the fellow
          subsidiary in proportion to its interest to finance the project, and is unsecured, non-
          interest bearing and has no fixed terms of repayment.


14. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                At January 1, 2020 and         At January 1, 2019 and
                                                    June 30, 2020               December 31, 2019
                                                Number of    Amount of         Number of      Amount of
                                                   shares share capital           shares    share capital
                                                   Million   HK$ Million          Million    HK$ Million


      Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:       4,498        39,915            4,498         39,915


      There was no movement in the share capital of the Company during the year ended
      December 31, 2019 and the six months ended June 30, 2020.



66   Hang Lung Properties Limited
15. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES

  The share option scheme adopted by the Company on November 22, 2002 (the “2002
  Share Option Scheme”) was terminated upon the adoption of a new share option scheme
  on April 18, 2012 (the “2012 Share Option Scheme”). No further options shall be offered
  under the 2002 Share Option Scheme, but all options granted prior to such termination
  and not exercised at the date of termination shall remain valid. The share options granted
  under the above two share option schemes to the directors and employees are at
  nominal consideration and each share option gives the holder the right to subscribe for
  one share of the Company.


  The movements of share options of the Company during the six months ended June 30,
  2020 were as follows:


  (a) 2002 Share Option Scheme

                                         Number of share options                      Period during     Exercise
                            Outstanding on        Forfeited/ Outstanding on          which options         price
      Date granted          January 1, 2020         Lapsed     June 30, 2020        are exercisable        (HK$)


      February 8, 2010 to       13,380,000      (13,380,000)                –   February 8, 2012 to     26.46 –
        June 1, 2010                                                                 May 31, 2020         27.27


      July 29, 2010 to          30,340,000                –        30,340,000      July 29, 2012 to     30.79 –
        June 13, 2011                                                                June 12, 2021        36.90
      Total                     43,720,000      (13,380,000)       30,340,000



      All the above options may vest after two to five years of the grant date and are
      exercisable up to the tenth anniversary of the date of grant, after which they will
      lapse. No options were exercised or cancelled during the six months ended June 30,
      2020.


      During the six months ended June 30, 2020, 13,380,000 options (2019: Nil) lapsed
      due to the expiry of the period for exercising the options and no options (2019:
      300,000 options) were forfeited upon cessations of grantees’ employments.




                                                                                Hang Lung Properties Limited   67
15. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (Continued)

      (b) 2012 Share Option Scheme

                                                 Number of share options                        Period during   Exercise
                                    Outstanding on        Forfeited/ Outstanding on            which options       price
            Date granted            January 1, 2020         Lapsed     June 30, 2020          are exercisable     (HK$)


            June 4, 2013                26,050,000         (240,000)        25,810,000       June 4, 2015 to      28.20
                                                                                                June 3, 2023


            December 5, 2014            22,460,000         (710,000)        21,750,000   December 5, 2016 to      22.60
                                                                                           December 4, 2024


            August 10, 2017             35,572,500       (1,214,000)        34,358,500    August 10, 2019 to      19.98
                                                                                              August 9, 2027


            May 16, 2018                10,000,000                –         10,000,000       May 16, 2020 to      18.98
                                                                                               May 15, 2028


            June 28, 2019               53,196,000       (2,038,000)        51,158,000      June 28, 2021 to      18.58
                                                                                               June 27, 2029
            Total                      147,278,500       (4,202,000)       143,076,500



            All the above options may vest after two to five years of the grant date and are
            exercisable up to the tenth anniversary of the date of grant, after which they will
            lapse. No options were granted, exercised or cancelled during the six months ended
            June 30, 2020.


            During the six months ended June 30, 2020, 4,202,000 options (2019: 3,147,000
            options) were forfeited upon cessations of the grantees’ employments.




68   Hang Lung Properties Limited
16. RESERVES

  HK$ Million                                                 Other reserves
                                                                                  Employee
                                                                 Investment     share-based
                                     Exchange     Hedging        revaluation   compensation                Retained          Total
                                       reserve     reserve           reserve         reserve     Total       profits     reserves


  At January 1, 2020                    (3,688)         (7)              87             764     (2,844)     101,598        98,754
  Loss for the period                        –           –                –                –         –        (2,537)      (2,537)
  Exchange difference arising from
    translation to presentation
    currency                            (1,716)          –                –                –    (1,716)            –       (1,716)
  Net investment hedge – net gain          20            –                –                –       20              –            20
  Cash flow hedges: net movement
    in hedging reserve                       –           5                –                –         5             –              5
  Total comprehensive income for
    the period                          (1,696)          5                –                –    (1,691)       (2,537)      (4,228)
  Final dividend in respect of
     previous year                           –           –                 –               –         –        (2,653)      (2,653)
  Employee share-based payments              –           –                 –             (81)      (81)         113             32
  At June 30, 2020                      (5,384)         (2)              87             683     (4,616)      96,521        91,905


  At January 1, 2019                    (1,801)       (143)              93             734     (1,117)      98,763        97,646
  Profit for the period                      –           –                 –               –         –        3,516         3,516
  Exchange difference arising from
    translation to presentation
    currency                              (373)          –                 –               –      (373)            –           (373)
  Cash flow hedges: net movement
    in hedging reserve                       –         70                  –               –       70              –            70
  Total comprehensive income for
    the period                            (373)        70                  –               –      (303)       3,516         3,213
  Final dividend in respect of
     previous year                           –           –                 –               –         –        (2,609)       (2,609)
  Employee share-based payments              –           –                 –             10        10            16             26
  At June 30, 2019                      (2,174)        (73)              93             744     (1,410)      99,686        98,276




                                                                                                Hang Lung Properties Limited          69
17. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      The fair value of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at the end of the
      reporting period on a recurring basis, categorized into the three-level fair value hierarchy
      as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value
      measurement is classified and determined with reference to the observability and
      significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique is as follows:


      •     Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted
            quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement
            date


      •     Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable
            inputs which fail to meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs.
            Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available.


      •     Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs


      (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value


            (i)   The level of fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurements are
                  categorized and analyzed below:

                  HK$ Million                           Fair value
                                                                                        Fair value
                                                    June 30,     December 31,      measurements
                                                       2020             2019      categorized into

                  Financial assets
                  Trade and other receivables
                    Cross currency swaps
                     (cash flow hedges)                    41               67              Level 2
                  Other assets
                    Investment in equity
                    instruments                            87               87              Level 3
                  Financial liabilities
                  Trade and other payables
                    Interest rate swaps
                     (cash flow hedges)                    19                –              Level 2



70   Hang Lung Properties Limited
17. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

  (a) Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (Continued)


             The fair value of the cross currency swaps and interest rate swaps is determined
             based on the amount that the Group would receive or pay to terminate the
             swaps at the end of the reporting period taking into account current interest
             rates and current creditworthiness of the swap counter-parties.


             The fair value of non-publicly traded equity investments is determined by
             reference to the net asset value of these investments.


      (ii)   Transfers of instruments between the three-level fair value hierarchy


             During the six months ended June 30, 2020, there were no transfers of
             instruments between Level 1 and Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3 (2019:
             Nil). The Group’s policy is to recognize transfers between levels of fair value
             hierarchy as of the end of the reporting period in which they occur.


  (b) Fair value of financial instruments carried at other than fair value


      The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or
      amortized cost were not materially different from their fair values as of December 31,
      2019 and June 30, 2020.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   71
18. COMMITMENTS

      At the end of the reporting period, capital commitments not provided for in the interim
      financial report were as follows:

      HK$ Million                                                  June 30,    December 31,
                                                                      2020            2019

      Contracted for                                                  4,230            4,721
      Authorized but not contracted for                              19,569           21,117
                                                                     23,799           25,838


      The above commitments include mainly the construction related costs to be incurred in
      respect of the Group’s development of investment properties in various cities in mainland
      China.


19. REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT

      The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by the Audit Committee.
      It was authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on July 30, 2020.




72   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Glossary

Financial Terms

Finance costs:                   Total of interest expense on total borrowings and other
                                 borrowing costs, net of amount capitalized


Total borrowings:                Total of bank loans & other borrowings, net of unamortized
                                 other borrowing costs


Net debt:                        Total borrowings net of cash and deposits with banks


Net (loss)/profit attributable   (Loss)/profit for the period (after tax) less amounts attributable
 to shareholders:                to non-controlling interests


Underlying net profit            Net (loss)/profit attributable to shareholders excluding
 attributable to                 changes in fair value of properties net of related income tax
 shareholders:                   and non-controlling interests


Financial Ratios

                     Net (loss)/profit attributable to                                  Total
Basic (loss)/
                              shareholders                   Debt to                 borrowings
earnings        =                                                           =
                     Weighted average number of              equity                  Total equity
per share
                    shares in issue during the period

Net assets
attributable to          Shareholders’ equity                Net debt to              Net debt
                =                                                        =
shareholders         Weighted average number of              equity                  Total equity
per share           shares in issue during the period

                    Profit from operations before
                 changes in fair value of properties
Interest cover =
                 Finance costs before capitalization
                         less interest income




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   73
Information for Investors

FINANCIAL CALENDAR

Financial period                                        January 1, 2020 to June 30, 2020
Announcement of interim results                                              July 30, 2020
Latest time for lodging transfers                       4:30 p.m. on September 14, 2020
Closure of share register                    September 15 to 16, 2020 (both days inclusive)
Record date for interim dividend                                     September 16, 2020
Payment date for interim dividend                                    September 29, 2020

SHARE LISTING

As at June 30, 2020, 4,497,718,670 shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited. It has a sponsored American Depositary Receipt (ADR) Program in the New York
market.

STOCK CODE

Hong Kong Stock Exchange: 00101
Reuters: 0101.HK
Bloomberg: 101 HK
CUSIP Number/Ticker Symbol for ADR Code: 41043M104/HLPPY

SHARE INFORMATION

Share price as at June 30, 2020: HK$18.36
Market capitalization as at June 30, 2020: HK$82.58 billion

SHARE REGISTRAR

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
17M Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Tel: 2862 8555
Fax: 2865 0990

INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT

C.F. Kwan
Email: ir@hanglung.com


74   Hang Lung Properties Limited
