2018
CORPORATE INFORMATION

DIRECTORS                                             AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

Ronnie C. Chan GBM (Chairman)                         Weber W.P. Lo
Weber W.P. Lo (Chief Executive Officer)               Margaret K.M. Yan
Ronald J. Arculli GBM, CVO, GBS, OBE, JP *
Nelson W.L. Yuen *                                    COMPANY SECRETARY
Dominic C.F. Ho *
Philip N.L. Chen #                                    Margaret K.M. Yan
Andrew K.C. Chan BBS, JP *
H.K. Chang GBS, JP *                                  REGISTERED OFFICE
Anita Y.M. Fung BBS, JP *
H.C. Ho (Chief Financial Officer)                     28th Floor, Standard Chartered Bank Building
Adriel W. Chan                                        4 Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong
                                                      Tel: 2879 0111
#   Non-Executive Director
                                                      Fax: 2868 6086
*   Independent Non-Executive Director



AUDIT COMMITTEE                                       INTERNET ADDRESS

Dominic C.F. Ho (Chairman)                            Website: http://www.hanglung.com
Andrew K.C. Chan BBS, JP                              Email address: HLProperties@hanglung.com
H.K. Chang GBS, JP
Anita Y.M. Fung BBS, JP                               AUDITOR

NOMINATION AND                                        KPMG
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                Certified Public Accountants



Ronald J. Arculli GBM, CVO, GBS, OBE, JP (Chairman)
Dominic C.F. Ho
H.K. Chang GBS, JP




                                                                                 Hang Lung Properties Limited   1
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

RESULTS AND DIVIDEND

For the six months ended June 30, 2018, revenue decreased 19% to HK$5,150
million as fewer residential units were sold. With a larger amount of revaluation gain,
net profit attributable to shareholders increased 22% to HK$4,689 million. Earnings
per share rose similarly to HK$1.04.


When excluding the property revaluation gain and all related effects, the underlying
net profit attributable to shareholders declined 24% to HK$2,319 million. Underlying
earnings per share fell correspondingly to HK52 cents.


The Board has declared an interim dividend of HK17 cents per share payable on
September 27, 2018 to shareholders of record on September 13, 2018.

BUSINESS REVIEW

During the six months under review, much has happened in both the external and
internal environments. The former can be described as tumultuous and challenging,
while much of the latter is pleasing and encouraging. I will begin with the latter.


Six months ago, I wrote extensively about the Company’s viewpoint and process
regarding succession. At that time, your Board, led by its Nomination and
Remuneration Committee (NRC), was in fact undergoing a most critical task – finding
a worthy successor to the retiring Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Mr. Philip Chen. It
was a rigorous and in fact rather long process in which all Non-Executive Directors
engaged.


Now I am happy to report that we have succeeded. Mr. Weber Lo joined us on May
16, 2018 at the age of 47 as CEO Designate. His appointment was a unanimous
decision of the Board of both this Company and that of our majority shareholder,
Hang Lung Group Limited. After two months of transition, he assumed the CEO post
on July 16 on which day Philip retired.




2   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Locally born and bred, Weber, like Philip, attended The University of Hong Kong. He began
his career with Procter & Gamble and later joined Coca-Cola Company in Hong Kong and
mainland China. For the past 18 years, he was with Citi, where he became head of its Hong
Kong and Macau operations in 2013.


When Philip joined us in 2010, he did not have any experience in real estate companies but
quickly learned. The industry is not technically complicated but it takes the right temperament
with adequate experience to become good at it. Philip succeeded, and I believe so will
Weber.


In the 1990’s and 2000’s, then Managing Director Mr. Nelson Yuen and I set the strategy for
the Company which, upon repeated review, is still valid today. Philip led the building of our
management team which should prove capable of executing the strategy. Now, Weber’s task
is to complete that building process and run with it. There is little doubt in my mind that he
and the team will score successes in the years and decades to come. I am excited about our
future.


The second encouraging event in the past six months was the successful purchase of a
beautiful piece of land in Hangzhou. Just 48 minutes from Shanghai by high-speed train, it is
the capital of Zhejiang Province which has one of the highest per capita incomes in China. We
have been eyeing the city for about 15 years and have been working on this particular piece
for about four. I fell in love with it the first time I laid eyes on it.


The official ranking in China regards four cities as first-tier: Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou,
and Shenzhen. As a then top leader of Hangzhou said to us not long ago, his should not be
called a tier-2 city. Rather, it should be reckoned as a tier-1.1 city. This perhaps is a bit of an
exaggeration but frankly not much.


In the entire country, there are two cities which are most desirable for commercial properties –
Shanghai and Beijing. The next three best are probably Guangzhou, Hangzhou, and
Chengdu. An ideal portfolio should include a strong position in these five cities. We have a
commanding presence in Shanghai, and now we have an excellent opportunity to also be a
leader in Hangzhou.




                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited   3
To be sure, Shenzhen is also an extraordinary place with some good malls, but it is
so close to Hong Kong that its residents can easily come and shop in my city. When
the high-speed train service connecting Guangzhou, Shenzhen, and Hong Kong
opens in a few short months from now, the entire journey will take only 48 minutes.
From Hong Kong to Futian, a station in southern Shenzhen, it will take merely 14
minutes, and to Shenzhen North, 23. In the long term, Hong Kong and Shenzhen
should be more economically integrated by virtue of the Greater Bay Area Initiative
proposed by Beijing. It is to everyone’s, and surely to Hong Kong’s, benefit.


Consider the facts: whereas the per capita GDP of Zhejiang Province is almost
US$14,000, the number for Hangzhou with a population of about 10 million is close
to US$21,000. (These numbers were considerably higher four months ago when the
RMB was stronger.) It has many good universities including one of the best in the
country – Zhejiang University. The city is also universally recognized as one of the
most beautiful in China.


Zhejiang is one of the most entrepreneurial provinces in the country, with many cities
each boasting hundreds and thousands of successful small to medium businesses.
Hangzhou is not the only one; others include Wenzhou, Taizhou, Huzhou, Shaoxing,
Dongyang, Yiwu, and Jinhua, just to name a few. Many of their companies are
top industry leaders not only in China but also, in some cases, the world. They are
mostly privately held but an increasing number are listed publicly. Of significance is
that when some of these have grown to a certain size, they move their headquarters
to Hangzhou for a number of good reasons, such as ease of transportation,
communication, and, most importantly, finding talent. I personally know many bosses
of these companies; they can only be described as an impressive bunch.


Hangzhou is one of the top three technology cities in China, the other two being
Beijing and Shenzhen. Everyone knows Alibaba and NetEase but there are hundreds
of smaller companies. In the coming years, some of them may well become
household names. The city is also known for its consumer products enterprises and
transportation-related machinery operations. Suffice to say that the economy there is
among the most vibrant.




4   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Historically, Hangzhou is known for its rich culture. This may be the reason for as well as the
result of its being one of only two cities south of the Yangtze River that had served as the
national capital. Its citizens have always been highly educated, and many famous poets and
artists, past and present, hail from there. Just look at how people dress today as one walks
down its streets. It is obviously a wealthy and sophisticated metropolis.


Our piece of land measures just shy of 45,000 square meters, and with a plot ratio of 4.33,
the buildable space is over 194,000 square meters. This excludes the basement area of
50,000 square meters, so in total we have 244,000 square meters. (This number does not
include car parking space which may be another 200,000 square meters or so.) The retail
mall will take up at least 104,000 square meters, with the rest being mid- and high-rise office
towers. Land clearance has been accomplished by the municipal government so the plot has
few complications.


Not only is Hangzhou an excellent retail city; its premium office leasing market is also very
strong, especially in the downtown area. The present rents are about 10% below their
equivalent in Shanghai. The height restriction for part of our land has recently been relaxed to
150 meters, thus allowing us to be the tallest in the neighborhood. We will command a view
of the most famous lake in the country – the West Lake, or Xihu. Frankly, the office element is
as much a reason for the plot’s desirability as the anticipated world-class mall.


We paid RMB10.7 billion for the piece and the preliminary total project cost is about RMB16
billion. The per square meter land cost is approximately RMB55,000 excluding the basement,
or just below RMB44,000 when including it. We will take possession of the land next
February, and completion is projected to begin from 2024 in phases. Once leased up, we
believe that an initial yield of 4%-5% can be achieved.


In line with our tradition, the land is among the best located in the city – Wulin Square at the
very center of downtown. All the top retail space in the city surrounds this square; we are
across the street from its southeastern corner. A subway station is just one block away, and
will be linked to us by an underground passageway. The piece may well be the last sizable
one in this prime district for some time to come. In fact, it is difficult to conceive finding
anything better.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   5
The land, however, is not without challenges. Street frontage could be longer, but
there may be an opportunity in the not too distant future to improve that situation.
Traffic patterns in the neighborhood will require careful planning. Our coming retail
mall is not without competitors but, as I shall explain later, we should be able to
prevail.


A very satisfactory outcome notwithstanding, the process that we went through
in the past four years was rather tortuous. There were apparently a number of
formidable suitors for this site. City officials were struggling to decide on the land usage
and hence its development brief. Fortunately, the ultimate decision was a sensible
one which we found acceptable. But before we finally won the bid, there were many
occasions when victory looked highly uncertain.


I cannot emphasize enough the significance of a reasonable development brief for
any piece of land. Even if it is best-located, a project cannot be world-class nor its
profit maximized if the government imposes unwise or even unreasonable conditions
on its development. Many times the problem is that the city wants more money and
therefore sets the plot ratio too high. The developer must cram a lot of buildable
space into a plot with limited footprint. If there happens to be a height restriction, the
situation will be worse. The resulting development, no matter how experienced the
developer and architect are, cannot be good.


I remember a piece of well-located land in an excellent commercial city on which we
once worked. We identified the land and brought it to the attention of the city officials.
They insisted on development briefs that would have preempted a world-class
project. That blunted our interest and we eventually lost the land at the bidding. The
winner did a reasonable job in developing it and the retail space, as we expected, is
doing well. However, the office towers, from what we can tell, are struggling. Sadly,
there is no way that the project can be considered world-class. It is not the fault of
the developer; the city officials who sold the land must bear that responsibility.


This is another reason we like our piece in Hangzhou. Plot ratio is not too high, and
the height limit has been relaxed. If street frontage can soon be lengthened, then I am
confident that a truly world-class project can be built. Both aesthetics and profitability
can be maximized.




6   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Now let me turn to the more troublesome issues. They are all external to our business and
are in the geo-economic and geopolitical spheres. Since such developments will inevitably
impact our operations, it is necessary to share my views here. After all, some shareholders
have repeatedly asked about it. The focus is China-U.S. relations but the real situation is far
more serious than that.


China-U.S. relations have always been uncertain in the past many decades, but under U.S.
President Donald Trump they have been brought to a new level of direct confrontation. The
trade war is just the surface; there is much that is unspoken and graver. Even so, I believe
that the relationship is manageable and will not spin out of control. As explained later, its
effect on our operations will not be that serious. In fact, it may be beneficial.


Since this writing is not primarily on China-U.S. relations, I will only lay out my basic thinking
without getting into lengthy explanations. I am merely informing our shareholders and
potential shareholders of my analyses of the geopolitical and geo-economic environment in
which our business operates. Some of my fellow directors of the Company may hold very
different views. For whatever it is worth, here are some of my thoughts after having observed
the world for 40-some years. I have also spoken at various international forums on this topic.


Over the past two decades, the U.S. increasingly sees China as a strategic threat in three
dimensions: military, currency, and trade, in descending order of significance. Whereas
Russia must be America’s number one military threat in the near term, it will be less of a
worry later on. The reason is simple: it takes economic development to generate money that is
necessary for continuous technological advancement. It is technology that lays the foundation
of weapons development and fuels military capabilities. China is economically significant,
and apparently has the science and engineering to further develop her military in all domains,
whether land, air, sea, space, or cyber.


This is why before the 2016 U.S. presidential election, then candidate Trump, like some
others in the U.S., wanted to work with Russia to contain China. In the long haul, Russia was
perceived as a lesser threat than China because of her weak and single industry economy.




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   7
The U.S. must also be concerned that international trade and investments are
increasingly denominated in RMB, thus potentially eroding the international reserve
currency status of the U.S. dollar. This will force America to be fiscally more
responsible. Frankly, this is not a bad outcome, for no country should or can live
beyond her means forever. Whatever the case, the RMB is far from that position.
About a decade ago, I publicly asked the 1999 Nobel Laureate in Economics and
“father of the euro” Professor Robert Mundell, “How long will it take?” His answer:
not in a hundred years! But that does not mean that today the U.S. will not want to
keep the advancement of the RMB in check.


Trade is the least significant threat compared to the other two above, and is more
short-term oriented.


The question for the U.S. is how best to influence Chinese behavior with the hope
that China will do what is best for American interests while advancing her own goals.
As a friend or foe? I believe it is the former, but the powers in Washington, D.C.
apparently think otherwise. Increasingly, Beijing is viewed as a threat if not yet an
enemy. Incident after incident around the world have shown that America has been
working hard to contain China.


At the root of the problem is America’s miscalculation of China’s long-term intentions.
This is doubly sad because, even today, China still wants to work with the U.S. as
a friend. In fact, I have always held the view that China will be very happy to play
second fiddle to the U.S. So why turn this friend into a foe?! All China wants is to
better the livelihood of her 1.4 billion people and to become a respected member
of the global community. Can the opposition of a foreign country, no matter how
powerful she may be, stop the wishes of 1.4 billion people? Hardly!


So how will China react to this belligerent neighbor across the Pacific amidst a
shrinking world? She will do her utmost to work with the U.S., keep the peace as
much as possible, and not let the U.S. derail her own economic progress. After all,
like governments elsewhere, the legitimacy of the Beijing regime depends on its ability
to deliver improved livelihood to its citizens.




8   Hang Lung Properties Limited
With this in mind, it is not difficult to predict how the trade war initiated by President Trump
may evolve. After all, trade is a rather rational issue where the currency is literally dollars
and numbers. History tells us that in such disputes where both parties are relatively strong,
everyone will lose out. It will be painful for all. In today’s situation, China may get hurt more,
but neither can the U.S. go unscathed.


On the tariffs side, frankly there is much room for China to give. Understandably, the country
takes trade very seriously. However, more than once since Trump became president,
mutually agreed deals negotiated by at least cabinet-level officials on both sides were turned
down by President Trump. For domestic political considerations such as the upcoming
mid-term elections and thereafter his own re-election, he does not want a deal now. No
wonder China feels betrayed and, for a while, refuses to further engage.


This notwithstanding, the two sides will have to come together sooner rather than later. China
now understands that unless President Trump is himself party to a discussion, there cannot
be a real agreement. Some would say that even a personal promise from the president may
still mean nothing, for he often changes his mind and goes back on his words. Who can
blame those who hold this view?! Nevertheless, since China potentially has more to lose, she
will be more willing to concede.


Then there are the non-tariff barriers and other bundled terms and conditions. In the latter
category, it is unclear what the currency is: it is not just dollars and numbers. No doubt China
will do her utmost to gain as much here as she may yield on tariff and non-tariff barriers. At
the end, God knows who will be ahead – each will get something and give up something.
Such is the reality of negotiations between nations. One thing however seems probable:
China will let President Trump claim victory on tariff concessions, while winning something
valuable elsewhere in return. China can do that because she has less pressure from her
domestic constituents. Beijing is freer to negotiate what it considers to be in the best interests
of China. In a more democratic state like the U.S., national interests are often sacrificed or
ignored purely because of domestic politics.




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   9
Here is a question worth pondering: since none of the U.S. presidents who
negotiated previous trade agreements were traitors, nor did they run a charity to
benefit their counterparts, those agreements must have been the best deals that
could have been obtained at the time. After all, no sovereign state handles her
international trade altruistically; few if any issue in cross-border relations are not self-
serving. Even the Marshall Plan for the benefit of Western Europe after World War II
was necessary to help the U.S. contain the then Soviet Union.


Given that, what then does President Trump mean when he says that other countries
like China are taking advantage of the U.S.? Or could it be that he is being ideological
and keeps deceiving himself? If times have changed and new agreements are
necessary, then why not simply renegotiate? Why tear up previous frameworks such
as the North American Free Trade Agreement or NAFTA?


In light of the above, I have two serious worries. The first is of immediate concern.
The U.S. is not picking only on China for a trade dispute; Mexico, Canada, the
European Union, Japan, and even countries like Rwanda are all targets. It is doubtful
if President Trump knows when to stop. If he does not, the world would run the risk
of having certain critical supply chains disrupted. This may then spook the capital
markets, which may in turn bring about economic disasters. This reminds me of the
late 1920’s, when global trade was severely curtailed, also caused by the U.S., that
eventually led to the Great Depression. This could be serious.


My second worry is that the U.S. is once again isolating herself. This cannot be
good for the world. To be sure, President Trump did not invent the process; America
always has that tendency. But doubtless he is accelerating the movement by leaps
and bounds. As a country founded in isolationism – remember the Monroe Doctrine
of the early 19th century; American exceptionalism even present today; the Roosevelt
Corollary of the early 20th century; refusing to join the League of Nations after World
War I; recently pulling out of several international bodies under the United Nations; for
decades even to this day being in arrears on its United Nations dues – she is merely
returning to her old habits. In her young age of 242 years, only about 30% of the time
– the 70-some years since World War II – was the country guided by internationalism.




10   Hang Lung Properties Limited
With the American economy accounting for about 24% of global GDP, will its multinational
corporations cede the 76% to someone else such as China? Obviously not. As such, the
country will have to find a way to be commercially engaged with the world while politically
retreating therefrom. No one knows how this can be done. After all, the world today is an
interconnected place, economically or otherwise.


A less obvious, more gradual, but equally serious corollary to the recent U.S. actions and her
increasing isolation is the gradual erosion of America’s moral standing as the world’s sole
hegemon. On final analysis, it was the U.S. during World War II which saved Europe from Nazi
Germany and Asia from imperial Japan, and, some may add, during the Cold War saved the
world from the then Soviet Union. These lay at the core of America’s moral leadership. Many
decades have since passed and unless properly maintained, that leadership will naturally
fade. Sadly we are witnessing it. As it gradually sets in, the world will become a more chaotic
place. Again, this phenomenon did not begin with President Trump but surely he greatly
exacerbates it.


As a beneficiary of the existing international systems, from the United Nations to the
Bretton Woods Institutions – their creation led by the U.S. after World War II – China will in
the foreseeable future remain one of their strongest supporters. She will be joined by the
European Union, India, Japan, and much of the rest of the world. The world has changed a
lot since 1945, so certain adjustments to the system are inevitable. The U.S. should neither
resist reasonable changes nor abandon the system altogether. It is, however, doing the
former and increasingly, many believe, also the latter.


As the U.S. voluntarily retreats from multilateral organizations, there is no one on the horizon
that can fill the leadership role. China certainly does not have the intention or the ability. What
then will a post U.S.-led world look like? To arrive at the correct answer is not easy but also
urgently necessary.


What seems certain is that whether China likes it or not, reality will force her to come forward
more in most, if not all, global affairs. This is inevitable, for when a sizable country grows
powerful economically, her political influence will increase. To protect her ever increasing
global trade and investments, Beijing has little choice but to expand her military.




                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited   11
For example, China’s dependence on imported energy is growing by the day. What
if a Chinese oil tanker on the way home from the Strait of Hormuz in the Persian Gulf
(or Arabian Gulf) runs into Somali pirates? Who will the Chinese “Captain Phillips”–
remember the American movie by this name – call? The 5th Fleet or the 7th Fleet of
the United States, which treats China as an enemy? Like everyone else’s, Chinese
trade routes must be somehow protected.


Whatever the ramifications of the U.S.-initiated trade war, I find her rationale
problematic. First, it is very mercantilist. Second, increasing tariffs is tantamount
to raising taxes for American consumers and the American companies involved.
While President Trump is lowering taxes elsewhere in the U.S., why is he increasing
it through tariffs? Third, there are some 68,000 American companies in China that
supposedly make as much as US$260 billion of profit annually. A good portion of the
U.S. tariffs levied on China actually affects those entities! So who will be hurt?


Fourth, the overall American economy is much more sophisticated than that of China.
Many of its high technologies are superior to not only those of China but also of much
of the world. The U.S. trade deficit with China can easily be wiped out by selling
high-tech products and natural gas. Until recently, Washington, D.C. did not even
want to export the energy source that is a totally undifferentiated commodity. So who
is to blame for the trade deficit with China?


Fifth, China is today the world’s first or second largest trading nation along with
the U.S. It is not like a small country which has no wherewithal to retaliate with. In
fact, strong reactions commensurate with U.S. trade actions are inevitable. The
result is that both sides will be hurt. After all, with the exception of certain advanced
technologies, all else that China imports from the U.S. has alternative sources. Look
at the subsidies that Washington, D.C. now has to pay to her farmers. I also doubt if
there are enough cold storage warehouses in the U.S. for the unsold pork!




12   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Finally, along with many other currencies both of advanced economies like the European
Union, Japan and Singapore, and of developing ones like fellow BRICS countries (Brazil,
Russia, India and South Africa), the RMB has fallen like a rock in the past few months. This
partially offsets the effects of higher American tariffs. In fact, a lower RMB benefits China’s
exports to many other parts of the world. In RMB terms, the profit decrease in selling to the
U.S. maybe compensated by exporting more elsewhere. At the end, China may come out
ahead. After all, the U.S. accounts for only 18% of China’s total exports.


Even if my arguments above are only partially correct, the U.S.-instigated trade war with
China is ill-conceived. It will not be viewed favorably by history. Does President Trump care?
All his predecessors, as far as I can tell, did. Perhaps this is the root of the troubles caused
by this administration. Some breaks from history are at times necessary, but the quantity and
manner we see today are truly mind-boggling.


What will be the likely outcome of the present U.S.-China trade war, and how will it affect
our business? I believe that the trade dispute, while serious, should be manageable. But as
long as it persists, China’s economic growth will slow down. To tackle this eventuality, Beijing
will counter by encouraging private consumption and executing more public investments.
Actions such as the recent lowering of import duties for goods including luxury items are clear
measures which will benefit our retail malls.


Hong Kong as an entrepôt will suffer even less than the Mainland. In fact, whereas formerly
many Chinese companies that went public chose to list in stock exchanges in America,
increasingly they will come to Hong Kong. Companies everywhere including many in China
are now wary about the U.S. as a place to do business. The American market, especially
its financial market, is perceived as being overregulated. The higher likelihood of political
interference further scares foreigners. Hong Kong is for the most part free of these concerns.
This will help cushion the undesirable effects of collateral damages from the U.S.-China trade
war.


Let me now turn to our performance of the past six months. The set of results was basically
in line with what I had predicted when I last wrote to you.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   13
Hong Kong’s residential prices continued to climb. With the exception of a breather
a year ago from summer to early fall, the rise has been relentless for the past two
years. Our government is still struggling to find more land. Various measures have
been introduced to moderate prices but they are of limited value. Only more supply
will be able to correct the problem.


Retail performance in mainland China has recovered further, although the pace
was not brisk. That for luxury goods was more encouraging. Many top brands are
beginning to expand again, which can only be beneficial to us.


Our home city’s recovery in retail spending continued. In fact, it has picked up speed.
After a few years of stagnation, the total number of visitor arrivals, especially from the
Mainland, has risen nicely. City-wide retail sales in percentage terms grew even faster
than before.


Our total rental revenue grew 7% in Hong Kong dollar terms – 11% on the Mainland
and 3% in Hong Kong. The Mainland now accounts for 53% of total rental revenue;
the figure for Hong Kong is 47%.


In Hong Kong, our office rents rose 3% and residential and serviced apartments 5%.
Our retail centers saw rents advanced between 2% and 8%. These numbers should
indicate a higher than 3% rise for the Hong Kong portfolio. The apparent discrepancy
is due to the asset enhancement program at The Peak Galleria, where 60% of
leasable area was taken out of the market. All other properties remained basically full.
Rental margin, average unit rent, as well as tenant retail sales were all healthy.


The Mainland figure of 11% growth warrants some explanation. During the
six-month period under review, the RMB on average rose almost 9%. This means
that in local currency terms, we only advanced 2%. However, one should bear in
mind that Grand Gateway 66 in Shanghai was undergoing a massive renovation.
A total of 32% of lettable space was taken out of the market but, on a like-for-like
basis, retail rent received still went up 1% in the local currency. On the same basis
and again in RMB terms, rents collected from the Mainland rose 5% and not the
reported 2%.




14   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Looking at our Mainland retail rental revenue mall by mall, it rose or held steady everywhere
except at Forum 66 in Shenyang. Occupancy rates advanced or remained about the same
on a comparable basis in all our properties, including Forum 66 where it went up from 77% to
87%. Even that for Olympia 66 in Dalian achieved 86% of all available space, thus giving us
the confidence to start leasing phase two which accounts for 12% of the total mall area.


With a few exceptions, the average daily footfall jumped by double digits including that for
Forum 66 and Olympia 66. Grand Gateway 66 was obviously an exception due to the major
renovation. Our two malls along a pedestrian street – Palace 66 in Shenyang and Riverside
66 in Tianjin – saw a slight fall. These two cases bear some discussion.


When we opened Palace 66 in 2010, there were already three very large retail centers with
numerous street-front shops along the pedestrian street called Zhongjie. (In Chinese it means
Center Street and was one of the first, if not the very first, pedestrian shopping streets in the
country. It is also considered one of the best.) Right after our opening, the city began to dig
underground along the road and turned the space into many shops. Longtime readers of this
letter will remember that the resulting disruption to pedestrian flow, together with our own
internal challenges at the time, were the causes of our then severe difficulties.


By 2014, we had resolved all these problems, both external and internal. The numbers have
improved and we have since done well. We began to take shoppers from our neighbors. In
fact, we have been so successful that two of the malls mentioned above started to falter.
One of them that was previously the market leader and the oldest on the pedestrian street is
now being closed. Two new facilities abutting Palace 66 opened after us, and the first one
that was relatively well-designed has long closed down. The other one, like the underground
shops, is struggling. Only one odd-shaped but sizable property on the opposite end of the
pedestrian street is still performing acceptably.


In other words, we have made ourselves the leader of that traditional shopping district. Are
we happy? Yes and no. We are pleased with our success but now we begin to worry that,
in the absence of reasonable competitors, the entire pedestrian street may suffer. We are
working with the district government on how to breathe new life into the neighborhood.




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   15
The situation in Riverside 66 in Tianjin is somewhat different. There may be some
interesting opportunities to remake the pedestrian street in order to benefit our mall.
We are exploring these with the local government.


We are quickly selling down our Hong Kong development portfolio. Sales of three
semi-detached houses on Blue Pool Road and five apartments of The Long Beach
were recognized, as were some car parking spaces. Now we only have 12 houses
and five apartments unsold in these two developments. Four of the five apartments
have actually found buyers, but under the new accounting rules, their profit
recognition will be pushed to the coming months.


Due solely to the lack of Hong Kong residential projects to sell, overall revenue and
profit fell. Compared to the first half of 2017, top line retreated 19% to HK$5,150
million and net profit attributable to shareholders increased 22% to HK$4,689
million. Earnings per share rose to HK$1.04. Taking out revaluation gain and related
items of HK$2,370 million, the underlying net profit attributable to shareholders was
HK$2,319 million and underlying earnings per share was HK52 cents, a fall of 24%
for both numbers.

PROSPECTS

In a macro environment as troublesome as today, it takes conviction to voice
optimism about one’s business. This I will do. Longtime readers of this letter would
know that I always shoot straight. We were perhaps the first among Hong Kong
property companies to point out back in the summer of 2011 the chill in the Mainland
economy. Soon after, I wrote about the arrival of “winter”, and last year the return of
“spring”. I am never one to shy away from taking a position, sometimes a strong one,
when I believe that it is warranted.


The same is true about my views regarding the Company. I have probably been
as forthright as anyone in this town in informing our shareholders of the difficulties
experienced, and even mistakes made, by management. I see this as my
responsibility.




16   Hang Lung Properties Limited
So I am here today to express my optimism about the future of the Company. Otherwise, I
would not be honest. What my readers do with the information is, of course, up to them. My
job is to convey the management’s assessment of the external and internal environments. We
are of course aware of our share price movements, but my team’s main task is to manage
the business and not the ups and downs of the scrip.


Needless to say, there are serious challenges. But barring geopolitical and geo-economic
catastrophes whose possibility remains, as well as persistent domestic turmoil which is rather
unlikely, our future should be bright. The strategy which we laid out for ourselves in 2004 is
being played out. Previously we expected fruition in the early 2010’s – we opened our first
mall outside of Shanghai in 2010 – but this was postponed due to the “perfect storm” (see
my letter six months ago to shareholders of Hang Lung Group, our majority owner) which
lasted until late last year. Now better days should lie ahead.


The six difficult years gave us the opportunity to work out our internal kinks. We corrected the
inadequacies in management and solved the problems in the newly opened properties. We
also had time to learn about each of the markets in which we opened new centers. Now the
way forward is much clearer than before.


Let me begin with some statistics. Until 2010, we did not have any property outside of
Shanghai and Hong Kong. Our total rental portfolio at the time was about 1.09 million square
meters of which Shanghai accounted for 0.44 million square meters, or 40% of the total.
Today we own over 2.9 million square meters, of which about 2.27 million square meters are
on the Mainland. Our Hong Kong and Shanghai portfolios did not change much; the increase
of 1.81 million square meters is located in our six other developments in five Mainland cities.


In the past eight years, on average we completed almost 0.23 million square meters of space
annually. This is roughly equivalent to finishing one Empire State Building in New York City
each year for eight straight years! Few if any other company can boast such a record. Every
one of our projects is nothing less than world-class, the likes of which are seldom seen in
mainland Chinese cities.


Moreover, in the next two years or so, we expect to complete at least another 0.72 million
square meters of space. More will follow in the two to three years thereafter. In other words,
the pace of completion will speed up. This will bring us close to 2024 when phase one of our
Hangzhou project should open.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   17
Our goal is obviously not just to construct commercial space but to financially profit
therefrom. Having operated on the Mainland outside of Shanghai for about eight
years, notwithstanding six of which being bear markets, we are now more confident
than ever in our forthcoming success. Let me present what to us is a compelling
reason by summarizing our experiences so far. I will first focus on shopping centers
and later turn to offices.


We have completed eight shopping centers in six cities on the Mainland. They can
be grouped into three categories. The first is where we truly enjoy a first-mover
advantage. The second is where we were not the first in the city but the first in top
quality malls. The third is where another good retail facility preceded our entry.


Of the eight properties we have completed, only one had the benefit of being the
first-mover. When Plaza 66 opened in Shanghai in 2000, there were no luxury malls in
the entire city. We built the right product and managed it well. Since then, a number
of quality facilities have opened, but we still enjoy a market leadership position. With
Shanghai being a top commercial city in fast-growing China, everyone there makes
money, although some more than others. In terms of the number of top global
brands, average unit rent, and sales efficiency, we are the best.


All but one (namely Forum 66 in Shenyang) of the other seven malls fall into category
two – when we opened our shopping center, there were already one or more sizable
competitors in the city or in the same district. Because the rival malls were of a
lower quality, our world-class properties were able to displace them and became
the dominant market player. Four of our six shopping centers in this category have
already achieved that position; the other two are on their way.


Consider Grand Gateway 66 in Shanghai. When we opened in 1999, there were
already four rather large retail properties, all surrounding the same circle with us.
Together, we form the shopping center of the affluent Xujiahui District. We were the
fifth major player to enter the market. Competition was severe, and some existing
facilities tried to block our entry using tactics that would be considered unacceptable
in many other parts of the world. But because of our superior design, adequate
size, and at least equally good location and management, we were able to become
number one in that commercial hub in about six years. Today our unit rent is by far
the highest.




18   Hang Lung Properties Limited
The same story can be found in Palace 66 in Shenyang as explained earlier. Both average
unit rent and sales efficiency are much higher than those of its competitors. It took us four to
five years to achieve leadership position.


Parc 66 today occupies the same position in Jinan. There were several major players in the
city when we opened in 2011, and many more have since joined the fray. But within about
four years, we have established ourselves as the most prestigious mall in the city. Average
unit rent is about twice that of all competitors. Due to the retrenchment of luxury brands in
the past six years, we have yet to upgrade ourselves from a four-star facility to a five-star one.
However, this should only be a matter of time, now that the top global brand names are once
again expanding. As long as they remain in the city, we will almost invariably be their number
one choice.


Center 66 is already considered the best shopping center in Wuxi. When we recruited
tenants ahead of the 2013 opening, many world-class fashion names signed up. Because
the market turned nasty right before our inauguration, those who opened shops could not
achieve their forecasted sales, and a few who had not yet opened simply reneged. Tenants,
like elsewhere, demanded rent reduction and our revenue fell. But when the market warmed
up last year, which took place after the opening of our first office tower as part of the same
complex, momentum began to pick up. More top brands have recently signed up and others
are negotiating. Almost all of them are moving in from neighboring facilities.


During the difficult years, some of our neighboring property owners used unsavory tactics
to keep their luxury goods tenants. Headquarters of fashion companies, mostly based in
Europe, also froze their location changes then. Now that the market has turned, there is no
reason to stay at inferior facilities. Moreover, they do not want to be a late-mover for fear that
the best locations within our Center 66 may be taken by their competitors. A similar situation
can be observed in our properties in some other cities. The ascendancy of Center 66 to its
leadership position took three to four years. If not for the recent bear market, we would have
achieved it much sooner.


The average time it took for the above four malls to become market leader was four to five
years, or about two lease terms. For our other properties, which all opened within the past
four years, the length of time will depend on the local competitive landscape, but it is just a
matter of time. Once leadership position is achieved, rents should rise considerably. By the
second lease term, initial opening expenses should taper off, leading to higher rental margin.
The result of all this is of course improved profitability and investment return.



                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   19
Riverside 66 in Tianjin opened in 2014, and Olympia 66 in Dalian in 2016. Both began
their lives in the depths of a bear market. In the case of the former, there is so far
no clear leader in four- or five-star malls in the city. What we do know is that certain
former dominant players which opened before we did are struggling today. While
we are working to improve the pedestrian street where we are located, we may be
quietly gaining on our competitors.


Several luxury brands have told us that Olympia 66, with some 220,000 square
meters, is by far the best mall in Dalian. Elsewhere in the city, there is a longstanding
facility housing most of the top fashion names. According to our knowledge, its
investment return was supposedly superb perhaps until the recent bear market. In
our opinion, their design is far from ideal and this gives us hope. There is another
district in the city with several sizable retail outlets. Because none is properly
designed or built, the entire area is going downhill.


Then came Olympia 66. Given our superior design and size, there is little doubt in my
mind that in the next few years, many world-class luxury brands will make us their
local home. Like Parc 66 in Jinan which is also sizable, the layout of the property
allows part of the mall to house five-star brands, and another part four-star ones.


Our next two malls to open within the coming two years – Spring City 66 in Kunming
and Heartland 66 in Wuhan – should also fall into this category. Namely, although not
the first player in their respective city, they are by far the best in quality compared to
anything else. As a result, I fully expect them to in time become the top retail center in
their markets. Competition is less in Kunming, so Spring City 66 should achieve this
status almost from day one. Heartland 66 will have to fight harder to earn that place.
Whatever the case, both metropolises are excellent retail markets. The competitive
landscape of our latest Hangzhou piece should, once completed, be somewhere
between that of Spring City 66 and Heartland 66.


Forum 66 in Shenyang is the only mall in category three. Because of a worthy
first-mover in the city, our property is struggling. Our plight was to a large extent
self-inflicted. We could have opened ahead of the competitor but we were unaware
of the seriousness of the situation. By building the office tower long after the
retail center opened, management of the latter was more challenging. And as I
previously reported, we also had some personnel issues before and after its opening.
Fortunately, many of these problems have now been resolved.



20   Hang Lung Properties Limited
All told, we have no one to blame but ourselves for the trouble. It will serve as a strong
reminder of what not to do. Nevertheless, there are enough positive aspects of the project
that will bode well for the mall to remain a very strong player in the city in the long run. For
example, mall design improvements are being implemented, the first office tower has been
completed and successfully opened, the inauguration of the Conrad Hotel will take place next
year, and the subway connection to our facility has been completed. Improvements, while
slow, are continuing. Also beneficial to the mall will be the eventual completion of the second
and possibly third office tower, as well as several serviced apartment blocks. Indeed, our
location is probably the best in the city and the land price we paid was by far the lowest.


Consider the fact that when Forum 66 first opened in 2012, there were already two sizable
retail facilities in the neighborhood, one of which being the market leader. The other has since
our opening been basically marginalized. So for now, we are number two in the market. We
will certainly fight to narrow the gap. After all, I love challenges; they invigorate me and my
team.


Looking ahead, we will continue to look for attractive opportunities to expand our portfolio. It
will be hard to find vibrant metropolises where we will be the first-mover. Those opportunities
have all but disappeared perhaps two decades ago. We will most likely enter markets
considered to be category two as mentioned above – there will already be other players, but
they are not that strong.


Reviewing our history as presented above, what lessons can we draw, and what will the future
hold for us? What are the critical factors that we must have in order to remain among the
most competitive? The conclusion seems clear enough. Real estate genetics mentioned in my
2014 year-end letter is the answer. The four elements are location, size and developmental
conditions, design, and construction, with the first three as absolute necessities. (Beyond
these, management quality is, of course, vital. However, since it is prudent to assume that
others also have decent management, this is not a relative competitive advantage.) If the
existing players in the city do not have these “genetics” hardwired into their properties, then it is
almost game over for them once a newcomer with the four elements appear.




                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited   21
As mentioned, this was exactly the way how many of our malls – Grand Gateway 66,
Palace 66, Parc 66, Center 66, and more to come – gained their leadership positions
in their respective cities. Each has at least as good a location as its competitors; each
is big enough to be a force in the market place; each has a design that is superior to
all earlier entrants; and each is at least as well constructed as others. When we add
reasonable management to it, success is within reach for all our new projects, as
long as our competitors lack certain or all of the four genetic elements.


How long it will take for a property to gain prominence will depend on the magnitude
of the advantage we have over our competitors. Moreover, once we win on that
basis, it is not easy for others to displace us. Even if someone with all four elements
joins the game later, we will already have a head start.


This explains why it takes us so long to buy land, and why it takes us longer than
most companies to convert land into buildings. To buy land is easy; to buy the right
piece of land is very difficult. Some analysts recently reminded everyone that the last
time we bought land before the Hangzhou piece was in 2013. True indeed, but no
one in this business can afford to buy wrong. A good location is usually recognizable
by most, but few have the discipline to only buy the best. Also, few developers have
the experience to negotiate the right developmental conditions for a particular plot.


Likewise, to properly design a four- or five-star mall requires much experience.
From what I have observed, so far few Mainland developers have that knowledge;
a number of longtime Hong Kong players like us can usually do a better job. Yet we
are still learning. This is why I have publicly stated that anyone who can churn out a
shopping center from land possession in 18 months is a novice. So are those who
think that hiring a good or famous architect will get the job done. Such people do not
know what they are doing; all they have is at best money and dreams of grandeur.
There is plenty of money in the system, but ambition, if not matched by caution,
calculation, and expertise, can only end in disappointment.




22   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Developing Class A offices requires less expertise than world-class malls. This is one reason
why the former usually yields a lower return. Nevertheless, they are complementary to
the retail space beneath, and the effect can be considerable for they bring quality footfall.
Shenyang and Wuxi, for example, are not easy markets, but our offices in both cities have
done well. They enhance the performance of the malls. Initial gross yield of around 4% is
achievable for an office tower, but it will not grow as fast nor by as much as a well-run mall.
Neither will they take up as much management attention. All things considered, we like to do
more offices especially if they form part of a shopping complex. This is the case with our three
newest projects – Spring City 66 in Kunming, Heartland 66 in Wuhan, and the latest purchase
in Hangzhou. They are not unlike our earlier ones, Grand Gateway 66, Forum 66, and Center
66.


In time, serviced apartments for sale will likewise be accretive to the shopping center beneath
or immediately adjacent. Conversely, by developing high-end commercial space first, we
add value to the surrounding neighborhood. Constructing residences for sale is one way to
capture some of that value for ourselves. Selling will also bring faster cash inflow. Again, like
Grand Gateway 66, Forum 66, and Center 66, our two recent projects under construction,
Spring City 66 and Heartland 66, both have quite a bit of this product type.


There is no doubt that private consumption is becoming more important on the Mainland.
Last December, the Chinese government lowered import duty on many categories of
products. Even certain luxury items have been included. Together with the rising demand for
high-end fashion, many top brands are again opening new stores. This is a reversal of their
policy of the past five to six years.


This is a welcoming development for us. Once Grand Gateway 66 in Shanghai has completed
its major refurbishment in mid-2019, it will be a very different place than before. It will look
much more like Plaza 66 in the same city. A year from now, I also expect Center 66 in Wuxi
to become the city’s first truly luxury mall. In the same time frame, when Spring City 66 in
Kunming opens its door to customers, this biggest city in southwestern China will boast its
first top-end shopping center. There will be many world-class fashion brands, some of which
entering the capital of Yunnan Province for the first time.




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   23
Thereafter, I will not be surprised if Parc 66 in Jinan and Olympia 66 in Dalian will
progress in the same direction. When each of these properties welcomes such
tenants, unit rent should rise. Top names in turn will attract sub-luxury brands, and
together they will raise the total rents collected.


My best estimate for our retail rental in the coming six to 12 months is as follows:
Plaza 66, Parc 66, Center 66, and Olympia 66 should continue to perform well.
Palace 66 and Riverside 66 will make less progress by comparison. Forum 66 will
still be struggling although, like the first half of this year, further improvements will be
made.


Like in the recent past, 32% of Grand Gateway 66 will be undergoing upgrading.
Works in the coming months will affect the very core of the mall. This means that total
rents received will inevitably be affected, but we will soon have a very different place
that will command higher unit rents.


The offices in Shanghai are expected to hold steady. The other two towers, one each
in Shenyang and Wuxi, may well be fully leased by year-end, or at least very close to
that. The quality of tenants should continue to improve.


Before leaving the Mainland market, I should mention that in the past three months
or so, the RMB has depreciated by over 8% against the U.S. dollar. (This followed
a rise in currency of similar magnitude when comparing the first half of 2018 to the
same period of 2017.) If the present trend remains unchanged, or if the currency is
stabilized at today’s level of about RMB6.8 to US$1, the effects on us will be at least
twofold. Since our home currency the Hong Kong dollar is pegged to the U.S. dollar,
a weaker RMB will translate into lower reported earnings, if all else remains constant.


A second consequence is that fewer Chinese will go overseas to buy luxury items.
This effect will be similar to the lowering of import tariffs. There are reasons to
believe that much of the sales overseas have yet to become domestic, but as long
as present trends persist, common sense dictates that they sooner or later will.
Whatever the case, almost all currencies fluctuate and increasingly the RMB as well.
For now, we can only wait and see how the RMB will move for the rest of the year.




24   Hang Lung Properties Limited
The picture for commercial rental performance in Hong Kong in the coming six months is
expected to remain similar to that of the first half of the year. Our portfolio will likely grow
again at low single digits.


By now, I trust that my readers will agree with me that the Company’s future should be bright.
Completing new space is of course exciting, for it will grow the top line. However, what
invigorates me the most is the organic growth of our Mainland properties outside of Shanghai.
It should deliver improved bottom line. As you have just read, much operational progress has
been made, and there is more to come. Its effects are only beginning to be felt, for fixed lease
terms have so far held back its manifestation. But in the next one to two years, the situation
should become clearer. It will be very rewarding when our labors in the past few years finally
translate into higher profits. In time, this should be reflected in our share price.


After eight years with Hang Lung and 41 years as a business executive, Mr. Philip Chen
retired on July 16. He has kindly agreed to serve for a year as my advisor and has since
become a Non-Executive Director of the Company. In the past I have written several times on
the critical contributions he has made. I will not repeat them here except to mention that he
has also ably served as a mentor to our youngest Executive Director, Mr. Adriel Chan. One
can hardly find a better teacher than Philip. I count him as a great fortune for the Company
in general and for the young man in particular. His efforts will have very long-term effects on
Hang Lung.


For that and for his many extraordinary accomplishments, I thank him most sincerely. I
wish Philip the best of health and look forward to his advice and contributions in his new
capacities.




Ronnie C. Chan
Chiarman
Hong Kong, July 30, 2018




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   25
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
In HK$ Million (unless otherwise stated)


RESULTS
                                           For the Six Months Ended June 30
                                                       2018            2017   Change

Revenue                                             5,150             6,358    -19%
  Property Leasing                                  4,118             3,835      7%
  Property Sales                                    1,032             2,523    -59%

Operating Profit                                    3,682             4,541    -19%
  Property Leasing                                  3,117             2,899      8%
  Property Sales                                      565             1,642    -66%

Net Profit Attributable to Shareholders             4,689             3,830     22%
Earnings Per Share (HK$)                            $1.04             $0.85     22%

Interim Dividend Per Share (HK$)                    $0.17             $0.17        –


UNDERLYING RESULTS
                                           For the Six Months Ended June 30
                                                       2018            2017   Change

Underlying Net Profit Attributable to
  Shareholders                                      2,319             3,040    -24%
Underlying Earnings Per Share (HK$)                 $0.52             $0.68    -24%


FINANCIAL POSITION
                                               At June 30    At December 31
                                                     2018             2017    Change

Shareholders’ Equity                              137,593          136,158       1%
Net Assets                                        143,531          142,245       1%
Net Debt                                            7,748            2,714     185%

Financial Ratio
   Net Debt to Equity Ratio                         5.4%              1.9%    3.5 pts
   Debt to Equity Ratio                            17.8%             17.4%     0.4 pt

Shareholders’ Equity Per Share (HK$)                $30.6             $30.3      1%
Net Assets Per Share (HK$)                          $31.9             $31.6      1%




26   Hang Lung Properties Limited
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS

For the six months ended June 30, 2018, total revenue of Hang Lung Properties Limited (the
Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively known as “Hang Lung Properties”) decreased 19%
to HK$5,150 million due to lower property sales. Revenue from property leasing rose 7% to
HK$4,118 million. Property sales revenue decreased 59% to HK$1,032 million because fewer
residential units were sold during the period. Total operating profit fell 19% to HK$3,682
million.


Underlying net profit attributable to shareholders decreased 24% to HK$2,319 million. After
including a revaluation gain on properties, net profit attributable to shareholders advanced
22% to HK$4,689 million. Earnings per share increased to HK$1.04.


Revenue and Operating Profit for the Six Months Ended June 30

                                        Revenue                              Operating Profit
                               2018          2017     Change        2018            2017        Change
                          HK$ Million   HK$ Million            HK$ Million     HK$ Million

Property Leasing               4,118         3,835       7%         3,117            2,899          8%
  Mainland China               2,171         1,949      11%         1,447            1,274         14%
  Hong Kong                    1,947         1,886       3%         1,670            1,625          3%
Property Sales                 1,032         2,523     -59%           565            1,642        -66%
Total                          5,150         6,358     -19%         3,682            4,541        -19%

DIVIDEND

The Board of Directors has declared an interim dividend of HK17 cents per share for 2018
(2017: HK17 cents) to be paid by cash on September 27, 2018, to shareholders whose
names appeared on the register of members on September 13, 2018.




                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited    27
PROPERTY LEASING

Total revenue of our leasing properties increased 7% to HK$4,118 million in the first
half of 2018. Income of the Hong Kong leasing portfolio grew 3% and that of the
Mainland properties increased 11%. Total operating profit rose 8%. Overall rental
margin was 76%.


The growth was achieved against a backdrop of positive economic data for
the Mainland. The under-currents of the US-China trade war might have posed
uncertainty on the economic outlook. But the long term fundamentals of China are
likely to remain solid. There are signs of store openings and store relocations among
brands in premium shopping facilities in larger cities on the Mainland. We are in a
position to benefit from such opportunities in the matching process. According to
research published, Chinese consumers reported higher confidence levels in the first
quarter of this year. This is complemented by the pricing strategy among brands in
response to tariff reductions. The Company’s continuous drive to enhance customer
experience throughout our projects via trade mix enhancement, project refurbishment
and customer relationship management would uphold our long term competitiveness.


Outstanding examples of the beneficial impact of our renovation programs were seen
at Plaza 66 in Shanghai and Kingston in Causeway Bay, Hong Kong, both of which
achieved higher returns. Conversely, expected short-term disruptions of income were
seen at Grand Gateway 66 in Shanghai and The Peak Galleria in Hong Kong, which
are undergoing large-scale upgrades to cater for expanded business.




28   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Mainland China


Revenue of the entire mainland China leasing portfolio increased 2% to RMB1,764 million,
and was up 5% when excluding areas closed for renovation at Shanghai Grand Gateway
66 mall. Operating profit advanced 4% to RMB1,175 million. Average margin increased two
points to 67%.


Mainland China Property Leasing Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                                                Revenue
                                                              (RMB Million)                         Occupancy Rate*
Name and City of the Property                         2018            2017           Change             Mall          Office

Shanghai Plaza 66                                      763             710              7%             97%              94%
Shanghai Grand Gateway 66                              410             451             -9%#            68%#              N/A
Shenyang Palace 66                                      77              77               –             87%               N/A
Shenyang Forum 66                                      105             105               –             87%              85%
Jinan Parc 66                                          141             133              6%             94%               N/A
Wuxi Center 66                                         121             105             15%             87%              91%
Tianjin Riverside 66                                    90              90               –             86%               N/A
Dalian Olympia 66                                       57              52             10%             75%               N/A
Total                                                1,764           1,723              2%
Total in HK$ Million equivalent                      2,171           1,949             11%

#
        About 32% of leasable area was temporarily void for major asset upgrading.
*       All occupancy rates stated therein were as of June 30, 2018.


•       Malls


Our eight malls in mainland China collected 2% more in rents to RMB1,367 million. Plaza
66 in Shanghai, benefitting from the successful completion of its major upgrade program
last year, continued its strong growth in both revenue and retail sales. At our second major
property in Shanghai, Grand Gateway 66, rental slipped by 9% because of an interruption
caused by major upgrading work now in progress. Outside of Shanghai, the six malls
collected more in rents period-on-period, and most of their occupancy rates and retail sales
were also on a rising trend.




                                                                                              Hang Lung Properties Limited     29
Revenue at Plaza 66 mall, our flagship high-end mall in Shanghai, increased 13%.
Retail sales increased 15%, riding on the recovery of the luxury sector consumption
and more joint promotions with tenants as well as the successful completion of the
enhancement program. Occupancy of the mall increased eight points to 97%.


The performance of Grand Gateway 66 mall in Shanghai was affected by the three-
year upgrading program which started last year. By the end of June 2018, 32% of
the leasable area was closed for renovation. Revenue of the mall decreased 9% to
RMB410 million, but advanced 1% if excluding the closed areas. The first phase
of upgrade works will be handed over to tenants in the third quarter of 2018. The
brand-new area will house many young and trend-setting brands, with most making
their first appearance at the mall. From the second half of 2018, the renovation will
focus on transforming the main entrance of the mall and the basement, which is
linked to Metro Link 9. These works are expected to be completed in 2019. During
the renovation, many exclusive pop-up stores were introduced to maintain business
continuity for the key tenants, while innovative promotional activities maintained the
mall’s vibrant ambience. Retail sales dropped 5% on a like-for-like basis.


The revenue of Shenyang Palace 66 mall stayed flat at RMB77 million. Occupancy
rate slipped one point to 87% amidst tenant reshuffling. Retails sales slightly
decreased 1% as a result. Palace 66 mall now houses many major international and
local lifestyle fashion brands.


Income of Jinan Parc 66 mall increased 6% to RMB141 million. Occupancy rose two
points to 94%. Benefitting from ongoing tenant upgrading, retail sales jumped 20%.


Rental income of Forum 66 mall in Shenyang decreased 16% as major tenant
reshuffling exercise continued. Retail sales at the mall fell 2%. More lifestyle and
entertainment tenants were introduced while maintaining the mall’s high-end
positioning. The efforts have started to bear fruit. Occupancy rate increased 10 points
to 87%.




30   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Center 66 mall in Wuxi continued on its growth momentum. Income increased 18% driven
by higher occupancy which advanced three points to 87%. This meant the remaining area
available for leasing was only 4% of the leasable area as 9% of the area was temporarily
void for the construction of the second office tower. This void area will be handed over to
tenants for fitting out in the second half of 2018 and re-open in the first half of 2019, housing
a new cinema with about 800 seats as well as quality food & beverage tenants. Retail sales
increased 15% because of the enhanced tenant mix, growth in the luxury sector and higher
occupancy.


Rental income of Tianjin Riverside 66 mall was flat at RMB90 million. Occupancy rate fell
one point to 86%. The mall, opened in 2014, was going through a major tenant reshuffling
process after completion of the first lease term. More lifestyle and trendy fashion tenants were
introduced to enhance the trade mix, including a new cinema with 570 seats. Retail sales
decreased 11% amidst the changing tenant mix.


Olympia 66 mall in Dalian collected 10% more in rents in the first half of 2018 driven by an
11 points increase in occupancy to 75%. The mall’s ambience has been enriched with more
trendy lifestyle and food & beverage tenants. Retail sales jumped 45%.


•   Offices


Income from our four office towers in mainland China increased 3% to RMB397 million as
a result of higher occupancy. The total office rental accounted for 23% of Mainland leasing
revenue.


Income of the Shanghai Plaza 66 office slipped 1% to RMB299 million. Following the
completed relocation of a major tenant from one tower to the other, overall occupancy
rate increased eight points to 94%. The enhancement works for Office Tower Two were
completed.




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited   31
Revenue of the office tower at Forum 66 in Shenyang advanced 20% to RMB57
million driven by higher occupancy. Occupancy rate increased 16 points to 85%.
The six floors in the high zone of the tower, representing 14% of leasable area, are
ready for hand-over to tenants in phases from mid-2018. The leasing results have
been encouraging. The fitting out of a Conrad hotel, housed on the top 19 floors of
the office tower, is progressing well. The hotel is expected to open in the first half of
2019.


Benefitting from higher occupancy, income of Center 66 office tower in Wuxi
increased 13% to RMB41 million. Occupancy rate increased 14 points to 91% as a
result of new lettings and expansions by reputable corporations. The good reputation
earned by the existing office tower benefitted the leasing activities for the second
tower, which is expected to open in mid-2019.

Hong Kong


Total revenue and operating profit of our Hong Kong leasing portfolio both increased
3% to HK$1,947 million and HK$1,670 million, respectively. Retail sales rose 10%
period-on-period. Overall rental margin was 86%.




32   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Hong Kong Property Leasing Portfolio for the Six Months Ended June 30


                                                                     Revenue                     Occupancy
                                                                   (HK$ Million)                     Rate*
                                                          2018            2017      Change

Commercial                                               1,155           1,118            3%               97%
Office and Industrial/Offices                              638             622            3%               94%
Residential & Serviced Apartments                          154             146            5%               75%
Total                                                    1,947           1,886            3%

*   All occupancy rates stated therein were as of June 30, 2018.


•   Commercial


Revenue of the Hong Kong commercial portfolio increased 3% to HK$1,155 million. Overall
occupancy advanced four points to 97%.


The solid result was a combination of a steady rental uplift across the portfolio and the rental
contribution following the re-opening of Kingston in Causeway Bay upon completion of the
final phase of renovation.


The Causeway Bay portfolio collected 5% more in rents to HK$313 million. Kingston,
representing 25% of the retail space of the Causeway Bay portfolio was fully re-open
during the period. The re-opening marked the successful completion of the major asset
enhancement initiative on Fashion Walk that began in 2015. Fashion Walk is now a uniquely
stylish destination for shopping, entertainment, dining, experiencing and socializing. Retail
sales of our tenants in Causeway Bay recorded an 8% growth period-on-period.


Rental revenue of Kornhill Plaza in Hong Kong East increased 8% as a result of positive
rental reversions. Kornhill Plaza was fully let. Retail sales at the mall increased 11%. The good
performance of the key anchor tenants, including AEON STYLE and Grand Kornhill Cinema,
contributed more rents to the mall.




                                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited   33
Revenues of Grand Plaza and Gala Place in Mongkok were up 2% mainly due
to additional leasing close to capacity at Grand Plaza. Both properties were fully
leased. The retail line-up of Grand Plaza has been reinforced with the introduction
of more beauty and health stores, stylish fashion labels, and an exciting array of
new restaurants. With tourists returning from mainland China, the retail landscape of
Mongkok is ready for a fresh and exciting new impetus. Total retail sales increased
17% during the period.


Income of Amoy Plaza in Kowloon East was up 4% attributable to positive rental
reversions. The ongoing tenant upgrade brings a new level of excitement to the
catchment area. A UA Cinema with more than 600 seats in three houses will be
introduced in the second half of 2018. This cinema will offer a unique entertainment
experience to audiences with its stylish design, 4D technology, and food & beverage
offerings.


The Peak Galleria continued its Phase 1 major renovation program during the
period. The 60% of the leasable area currently closed for upgrading will re-open in
phases from 2019. Pre-leasing was making good progress.


•     Offices


The Hong Kong office portfolio achieved a 3% rental growth to HK$638 million
mainly because of positive rental reversions. Overall occupancy rate fell one point
to 94%. Our offices in Central and Mongkok recorded rental growth of 5% and 8%
respectively, but those in Causeway Bay dropped 1%. The Hong Kong office rental
accounted for 33% of total Hong Kong rental turnover.


As part of the ongoing commitment to enhance our core properties, the refurbishment
of Gala Place in Mongkok has commenced. The works cover the façade, elevator
lobbies and car park of the office tower. The entire program is scheduled for completion
in 2019 and will have minimal adverse impact on revenue.


•     Residential and Serviced Apartments


Revenue of residential and serviced apartments advanced 5% to HK$154 million
mainly driven by higher occupancy at Kornhill Apartments and The Summit.




34   Hang Lung Properties Limited
PROPERTY SALES

With the new accounting standard on revenue recognition effective on January 1, 2018,
recognition of property sales revenue is upon completion of legal assignment (i.e. sale
completion).


For the first half of 2018, revenue from property sales decreased 59% to HK$1,032 million
because of fewer completed sales of residential units during the period. The sales comprised
three semi-detached houses at 23-39 Blue Pool Road (2017: Nil) and five units of The Long
Beach apartments (2017: 197 units). Profit from property sales decreased 66% to HK$565
million. Overall profit margin was 55%.

PROPERTY REVALUATION

The total value of our investment properties amounted to HK$136,433 million as of June
30, 2018, comprising the value of the Hong Kong portfolio and the mainland China portfolio
of HK$64,160 million and HK$72,273 million, respectively. Our investment properties were
revalued by Savills, an independent valuer, as of June 30, 2018.


An overall revaluation gain of HK$2,456 million was recorded in the first half of 2018 (2017:
HK$737 million), representing a 2% growth when compared to the value at year-end of 2017.
Properties in Hong Kong and the Mainland recorded a revaluation gain of HK$2,216 million
and HK$240 million, respectively.

PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT AND CAPITAL COMMITMENT

The aggregated value of investment properties under development was HK$26,098 million.
They comprised mainland China projects in Kunming, Wuhan, Hangzhou and the remaining
phases of the developments in Shenyang and Wuxi. The portfolio consists of malls, office
towers, hotels and serviced apartments.


The construction work for Kunming Spring City 66 is progressing as planned. Total gross
floor area of the entire mixed-use development is 432,000 square meters, comprising a
premier mall of 156,700 square meters, a 63-story Grade A office tower with a total gross
floor area of 177,600 square meters, serviced apartments and 2,000 car parking spaces. The
mall is expected to open in mid-2019. Leasing activities for the mall have commenced and
the response is encouraging. About 50% of the leasable areas has been committed, including
to some key anchor tenants.


                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   35
Wuhan Heartland 66 covers a total gross floor area of 460,000 square meters. This
prestigious mixed-use commercial project will house a 177,000-square-meter mall,
a 61-story Grade A office tower with a total gross floor area of 151,500 square
meters, serviced apartments and 2,800 car parking spaces. The project is planned
for completion in stages from 2020 onwards. Leasing activities for the mall have
commenced.


The conversion of the top 19 floors of the office tower at Shenyang Forum 66 into a
Conrad hotel is in progress. This five-star hotel will have 315 keys and a standalone
grand ballroom to accommodate more than 500 guests. The addition of this hotel will
complement our vision of the Forum 66 as the destination of choice for customers
seeking high-end shopping, entertainment, business and hospitality experiences. The
General Manager of the hotel has been on board since May 2018 to prepare for the
opening in the first half of 2019.


The construction work for the second office tower at Wuxi Center 66 is progressing
as planned. This 30-story Grade A office tower has a total gross floor area of
52,000 square meters. It is being built above the southeastern part of the Center
66 mall. The office tower was topped out on June 29, 2018, and was followed by
the commencement of interior fitting out works. The new tower will be ready for
occupancy in the second half of 2019; leasing activities have commenced with good
progress achieved.


The master plan for Wuxi Phase 2 development was submitted for government
approval in April 2018. The project includes luxury serviced apartments and a small
boutique hotel.

On May 28, 2018, Hang Lung Properties won the bidding for a prime land site
in Hangzhou at RMB10.7 billion. The acquisition of this site enables Hang Lung
Properties to extend its portfolio into another strategic city in order to capitalize on
the opportunities arising across the Mainland. We will develop the site into a large-
scale commercial mixed-use complex, comprising a world-class mall and office
tower(s) with a maximum floor area of approximately 194,100 square meters (above
ground).

We plan to re-develop Amoycan Industrial Centre (AIC) in Ngau Tau Kok, Hong Kong,
in which Hang Lung Properties owns almost 85% interests. An application for a
Land Compulsory Sale for the remaining interests in AIC was submitted to the Lands
Tribunal in December 2017.

36   Hang Lung Properties Limited
The projects mentioned above represented the majority of Hang Lung Properties’ capital
commitments at the reporting date, amounting to HK$43 billion. They will be completed in
phases over a number of years. With a solid base of high quality recurrent income and ample
financial resources, we are able to meet the funding requirements of those projects and are
well placed to seize further growth opportunities.

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

A major aim of our financial management is to maintain an appropriate capital structure with
sufficient financial resources to meet new investment needs and support business growth.
Multiple channels of debt finance have also been established to mitigate financial risks. All
related risk management, including debt re-financing, foreign exchange exposure and interest
rate volatility, etc., are centrally managed and controlled at the corporate level.


•    Liquidity Management


The cash flow position and funding needs are closely reviewed and monitored to ensure that
Hang Lung Properties has a good degree of financial flexibility and liquidity. This is achieved
by keeping sufficient cash resources and maintaining multiple channels of fund-raising in both
Hong Kong and mainland China.


As of June 30, 2018, Hang Lung Properties had total cash and bank balances of HK$17,786
million (December 31, 2017: HK$22,106 million). While optimizing the yield on our cash
resources, all the deposits are placed with banks with strong credit ratings and the
counterparty risk is monitored on a regular basis.


The currencies of cash and bank balances at the reporting date were as follows:

                                           At June 30, 2018          At December 31, 2017
                                       HK$ Million     % of Total   HK$ Million        % of Total

Denominated in:
  HKD                                         9,248        52.0%        12,761              57.7%
    RMB                                       8,531        48.0%         9,341              42.3%
    USD                                           7            –             4                  –
Total cash and bank balances                17,786          100%        22,106              100%




                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited   37
•     Financing Management


Hang Lung Properties manages the debt portfolio with a focus on mitigating the re-
financing and interest rate risks. These risks are well managed by maintaining an
appropriate mix of fixed/floating rate borrowings, a staggered debt repayment profile
and a diversified source of funding.


As of June 30, 2018, Hang Lung Properties had undrawn committed banking
facilities amounting to HK$13,057 million. The available balance of the USD3 billion
Medium Term Note Program was equivalent to HK$11,084 million.


In February 2018, the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors
(NAFMII) in mainland China gave approval for Hang Lung Properties to establish an
on-shore RMB10 billion bond issuance platform. This subsequently qualified as a
green bond program, making Hang Lung Properties the first Hong Kong property
developer to gain such an approval in mainland China. The approval recognizes
our long-standing and strong commitment to sustainability. The RMB green bond
issuance platform also enables us to further diversify the source of debt financing in
mainland China. On July 16, 2018, green panda bonds of RMB1 billion with a tenor
of three years were issued to finance the construction of some of our investment
properties under development in mainland China.


Total borrowings of Hang Lung Properties amounted to HK$25,534 million as of June
30, 2018. The higher debt balance against last year-end was due to the construction
payments of various projects under development in mainland China. The following
table shows the composition of our debt portfolio.

                                       At June 30, 2018        At December 31, 2017
                                    HK$ Million   % of Total   HK$ Million   % of Total

Floating rate HKD bank loans               271        1.1%            296        1.2%
Floating rate RMB bank loans            12,884       50.5%         11,814       47.6%
Fixed rate bonds                        12,379       48.4%         12,710       51.2%
   Denominated in USD                    7,849       30.7%          7,816       31.5%
   Denominated in HKD                    4,530       17.7%          4,894       19.7%

Total borrowings                        25,534        100%         24,820        100%




38   Hang Lung Properties Limited
On the reporting date, the average tenor of the entire loan portfolio was 3.1 years (December
31, 2017: 3.4 years). The maturity profile was well staggered and spread over a period of 7
years. Around 74% of the loans were repayable after 2 years.


                                            At June 30, 2018          At December 31, 2017
                                        HK$ Million     % of Total   HK$ Million        % of Total

Repayable:
  Within 1 year                               3,151        12.3%          2,112               8.5%
    After 1 but within 2 years                3,518        13.8%          3,605              14.5%
    After 2 but within 5 years               16,434        64.4%         15,981              64.4%
    Over 5 years                              2,431         9.5%          3,122              12.6%
Total borrowings                             25,534         100%         24,820              100%


•     Gearing Ratios & Interest Cover


As of June 30, 2018, Hang Lung Properties had a net debt balance of HK$7,748 million
(December 31, 2017: HK$2,714 million). Net debt to equity ratio was 5.4% (December 31,
2017: 1.9%) and debt to equity ratio was 17.8% (December 31, 2017: 17.4%).


For the six months ended June 30, 2018, the amount of total gross interest expense incurred
was HK$642 million (2017: HK$646 million). The amount of finance costs charged to the
statement of profit or loss for the first half of 2018 decreased HK$80 million to HK$542 million
because of a larger amount of interest capitalized for construction of Mainland projects.


Interest income for the period was HK$256 million (2017: HK$312 million). The decrease in
interest income was mainly due to a lower average balance of deposits.


The amount of net interest expense for the first half of 2018, i.e. the excess of finance costs
over interest income, decreased to HK$286 million. With about 50% of total borrowings
denominated in RMB, the average effective cost of borrowings during the period was 4.9%
(2017: 5.2%).


Interest cover, a key indicator for debt servicing capability, for the first six months of 2018
was 9 times (2017: 13 times).




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   39
•     Foreign Exchange Management


The activities of Hang Lung Properties are exposed to foreign currency risks which
mainly arise from its operations in mainland China and certain bank deposits
denominated in RMB held in and relating to mainland China entities. In addition, it
has exposure to USD arising from the two USD500 million bonds issued. Appropriate
measures have been taken to mitigate the foreign exchange risk exposure.


(a) RMB Exposure


The RMB exposure of Hang Lung Properties is mainly derived from two respects of
the operations. These are, firstly, the currency translation risk arising from the net
assets of our Mainland subsidiaries. Secondly, they are the RMB deposits held in
and relating to mainland China entities which are primarily for the purposes of settling
future construction payments in RMB.


As of June 30, 2018, net assets denominated in RMB accounted for about 53%
of Hang Lung Properties’ total net assets. The re-translation of those net assets
denominated in RMB into HKD using the exchange rate as of the reporting date
resulted in a re-translation loss of HK$759 million (2017: gain of HK$2,318 million), as
RMB depreciated by about 1% against HKD compared to December 31, 2017. The
re-translation loss was recognized in other comprehensive income/exchange reserve.


(b) USD Exposure


The USD foreign exchange exposure is related to the two USD500 million fixed rate
bonds issued, equivalent to HK$7,849 million at the reporting date. The related
currency exchange risk was covered back-to-back by two USD/HKD cross currency
swap contracts. The swap contracts were entered into in order to effectively fix the
exchange rate between USD and HKD for future interest payments and principal
repayments.


The changes in the fair value of both swap contracts did not impact the cash flows
and the profit or loss materially as they qualified for cash flow hedge accounting.




40   Hang Lung Properties Limited
•   Charge of Assets


Assets of Hang Lung Properties were not charged to any third parties as of June 30, 2018.


•   Contingent Liabilities


Hang Lung Properties did not have any material contingent liabilities as of June 30, 2018.

OUTLOOK

The current US-China trade disputes show no sign of abating. Inevitably, this has posed
uncertainties concerning the Mainland’s economic outlook and growth prospect. However,
the long term fundamentals of China are likely to remain solid.


In the meantime, we will continue to upgrade our property content, tenancy and service
quality throughout the portfolio as part of the constant pursuit for an improved customer
experience. Investments in the Customer Relationship Management (CRM) programs
together with other new initiatives in digital marketing and loyalty programs will be stepped
up in the face of keen competition for both traffic and retail sales. We have also increased our
investments in adoption of new technologies including smart parking, mobile applications and
mobile payments.


In Shanghai the continuing growth of Plaza 66 will be complemented by the rising tempo of
leasing activities elsewhere in the Mainland over the remaining months of 2018. Backed by
our financial strength, asset upgrading programs will be a continuing feature of our operations
in both Hong Kong and Shanghai. Depending on market conditions, there is a possibility we
will sell more Hong Kong residential units. Meanwhile projects under development in mainland
China will forge ahead as planned.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   41
OTHER INFORMATION

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

We are committed to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance.
During the six months ended June 30, 2018, we adopted corporate governance
principles that emphasize a qualified Board of Directors (the “Board”), sound internal
controls and effective risk management to enhance transparency and accountability
towards our stakeholders. The general framework of our corporate governance
practices is set out in our corporate governance report in the 2017 annual report,
which is available on our website under Financial Report of Financial Information of
the Investor Relations section.


The Board


The Board currently consists of eleven members: comprising four Executive Directors;
one Non-Executive Director; and six Independent Non-Executive Directors. There
is a clear division of responsibilities between the Chairman and the Chief Executive
Officer to ensure a balance of power and authority. The Board continues to review
its practices from time to time, constantly seeking to improve the Group’s corporate
governance procedures in accordance with international best practices. An updated
list of Board members identifying their roles and functions and whether they are
Independent Non-Executive Directors is maintained on our website and the website
of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (“HKEx”). The biographical details
of Board members are also maintained on our website under Board of Directors of
Corporate Governance of the Investor Relations section.


Nomination and Remuneration Committee


Our Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which is chaired by an Independent
Non-Executive Director, currently consists of three Independent Non-Executive
Directors. The Committee members meet not less than once a year. Its duties include
reviewing significant changes to the salary structure of the Group and the terms and
conditions affecting Executive Directors of the Board and senior management. The
Committee members also conduct regular reviews of the Board’s structure, size
and diversity, and make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-
appointment and succession planning of Directors of the Board and suchlike. The
terms of reference of the Committee can be accessed on both our website and the
website of HKEx.



42   Hang Lung Properties Limited
Audit Committee


Our Audit Committee, which is chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director, currently
consists of four Independent Non-Executive Directors. The Committee members meet
not less than four times a year. Meetings are normally attended by external and internal
auditors, the Chief Financial Officer and the Company Secretary for the purposes of, inter
alia, discussing the nature and scope of internal audit work and assessing the Company’s
internal controls. The terms of reference of the Committee, which include duties pertaining to
corporate governance functions and the oversight of risk management, are available on both
our website and the website of HKEx. The Audit Committee has reviewed this interim report,
including the unaudited interim financial report for the six months ended June 30, 2018, and
has recommended their adoption by the Board.


This interim financial report is unaudited but has been reviewed by KPMG, our auditor, in
accordance with the Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of interim
financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity” issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. KPMG’s Review Report to the Board of the
Company is set out on pages 49 and 50 of this interim report.


Compliance with Corporate Governance Code


During the six months ended June 30, 2018, we complied with the code provisions set out in
the Corporate Governance Code as stated in Appendix 14 of the Rules Governing the Listing
of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
Exchange”).


Compliance with Model Code contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules


We have adopted a code of conduct with regard to securities transactions by Directors of the
Board (the “Code of Conduct”) on terms that are no less exacting than the required standard
set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained
in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”). The Company has made specific
enquiries with all Directors of the Board and confirmed that they have complied with the
required standard set out in the Model Code and the Code of Conduct regarding securities
transactions by Directors of the Board throughout the six months ended June 30, 2018.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited   43
DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at June 30, 2018, the interests or short positions of each of the Directors of the
Board in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its
associated corporations (within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance
(the “SFO”)) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to Part XV of the SFO or pursuant to the Model Code or which
were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 352
of the SFO are as follows:

                                                    The Company                       Hang Lung Group Limited
                                                   (Long Position)                        (Long Position)

                                                            % of       Number of                           % of
                                                        Number       Shares under                      Number
                                            Number     of Issued           Option          Number     of Issued
Name                Capacity               of Shares     Shares            (Note 2)       of Shares     Shares


Ronnie C. Chan      Personal             16,330,000         0.36       21,000,000       11,790,000        0.87
Philip N.L. Chen    Personal                      –            –       24,000,000                –           –
Weber W.P. Lo       Personal                      –            –       10,000,000                –           –
Ronald J. Arculli   Personal &              724,346         0.02                –        1,089,975        0.08
                      Corporate
Dominic C.F. Ho     –                              –           –                –                –           –
Nelson W.L. Yuen    Personal                       –           –       15,410,000                –           –
Andrew K.C. Chan    –                              –           –                –                –           –
H.K. Chang          –                              –           –                –                –           –
Anita Y.M. Fung     –                              –           –                –                –           –
H.C. Ho             Personal                       –           –       12,300,000                –           –
Adriel W. Chan      Personal & Other   2,583,896,340       57.45        2,200,000      498,428,580       36.61
                      (Note 1)

Notes


1.     Other interests included 2,583,896,340 shares of the Company and 498,428,580
       shares of Hang Lung Group Limited (“HLG”) held/deemed to be held by a trust
       of which Mr. Adriel W. Chan was a discretionary beneficiary. Accordingly, Mr.
       Adriel W. Chan was deemed to be interested in such shares under the SFO.


44   Hang Lung Properties Limited
2.   Movement of Options under the Share Option Schemes of the Company


     (i)    Share Option Scheme adopted on November 22, 2002

                                              Number of Shares under Option
                                                       Exercised                     Exercise Price
     Date Granted                             As at       during             As at       per Share          Vested Dates     Expiry Date
     (mm/dd/yyyy)   Name               Jan 1, 2018    the Period     Jun 30, 2018             (HK$)          (mm/dd/yyyy)   (mm/dd/yyyy)


     09/01/2008     H.C. Ho               300,000             –          300,000            $24.20        09/01/2010: 10%    08/31/2018
                                                                                                          09/01/2011: 20%
                                                                                                          09/01/2012: 30%
                                                                                                          09/01/2013: 40%



     12/31/2008     Nelson W.L. Yuen    8,910,000             –         8,910,000           $17.36        12/31/2010: 10%    12/30/2018
                    H.C. Ho               300,000             –           300,000                         12/31/2011: 20%
                                                                                                          12/31/2012: 30%
                                                                                                          12/31/2013: 40%



     02/08/2010     Ronnie C. Chan      6,500,000             –         6,500,000           $26.46        02/08/2012: 10%    02/07/2020
                    Nelson W.L. Yuen    6,500,000             –         6,500,000                         02/08/2013: 20%
                                                                                                          02/08/2014: 30%
                                                                                                          02/08/2015: 40%



     07/29/2010     Philip N.L. Chen   10,000,000             –        10,000,000           $33.05        07/29/2012: 10%    07/28/2020
                                                                                                          07/29/2013: 20%
                                                                                                          07/29/2014: 30%
                                                                                                          07/29/2015: 40%



     09/29/2010     H.C. Ho             2,000,000             –         2,000,000           $36.90        09/29/2012: 10%    09/28/2020
                                                                                                          09/29/2013: 20%
                                                                                                          09/29/2014: 30%
                                                                                                          09/29/2015: 40%



     06/13/2011     Ronnie C. Chan      4,500,000             –         4,500,000           $30.79        06/13/2013: 10%    06/12/2021
                    Philip N.L. Chen    4,500,000             –         4,500,000                         06/13/2014: 20%
                    H.C. Ho             3,000,000             –         3,000,000                         06/13/2015: 30%
                                                                                                          06/13/2016: 40%




                                                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited         45
2.    Movement of Options under the Share Option Schemes of the Company (continued)


      (ii)   Share Option Scheme adopted on April 18, 2012

                                                Number of Shares under Option
                                                           Granted                     Exercise Price
      Date Granted                             As at         during            As at       per Share      Vested Dates     Expiry Date
      (mm/dd/yyyy)   Name               Jan 1, 2018      the Period    Jun 30, 2018             (HK$)      (mm/dd/yyyy)   (mm/dd/yyyy)


      06/04/2013     Ronnie C. Chan      4,500,000               –        4,500,000           $28.20    06/04/2015: 10%    06/03/2023
                     Philip N.L. Chen    4,500,000               –        4,500,000                     06/04/2016: 20%
                     H.C. Ho             3,000,000               –        3,000,000                     06/04/2017: 30%
                     Adriel W. Chan        200,000               –          200,000                     06/04/2018: 40%



      12/05/2014     Ronnie C. Chan      2,750,000               –        2,750,000           $22.60    12/05/2016: 10%    12/04/2024
                     Philip N.L. Chen    2,500,000               –        2,500,000                     12/05/2017: 20%
                     H.C. Ho             1,850,000               –        1,850,000                     12/05/2018: 30%
                     Adriel W. Chan        150,000               –          150,000                     12/05/2019: 40%



      08/10/2017     Ronnie C. Chan      2,750,000               –        2,750,000           $19.98    08/10/2019: 10%    08/09/2027
                     Philip N.L. Chen    2,500,000               –        2,500,000                     08/10/2020: 20%
                     H.C. Ho             1,850,000               –        1,850,000                     08/10/2021: 30%
                     Adriel W. Chan      1,850,000               –        1,850,000                     08/10/2022: 40%



      05/16/2018     Weber W.P. Lo                –     10,000,000       10,000,000           $18.98    05/16/2020: 10%    05/15/2028
                                                                                                        05/16/2021: 20%
                                                                                                        05/16/2022: 30%
                                                                                                        05/16/2023: 40%




Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors of the Board had, as at June 30,
2018, any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures
of the Company or any associated corporations.


Other than as stated above, at no time during the six months ended June 30, 2018
was the Company, its holding company or any of their respective subsidiaries a
party to any arrangement to enable the Directors of the Board to acquire benefits by
means of acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body
corporate.




46   Hang Lung Properties Limited
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at June 30, 2018, details of substantial shareholders’ and other persons’ (who are required
to disclose their interests pursuant to Part XV of the SFO) interests and short positions in the
shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept
under section 336 of the SFO are as follows:

                                                 Number of Shares or % of Number of
                                                Underlying Shares Held  Issued Shares
Name                                       Note        (Long Position) (Long Position)

Chan Tan Ching Fen                           1             2,583,896,340                     57.45
Cole Enterprises Holdings (PTC) Limited      1             2,583,896,340                     57.45
Merssion Limited                             1             2,583,896,340                     57.45
Adriel W. Chan                               1             2,583,896,340                     57.45
Hang Lung Group Limited                      2             2,555,563,240                     56.82
Prosperland Housing Limited                  3             1,267,608,690                     30.60
Purotat Limited                              3               354,227,500                      8.55
First Eagle Investment Management, LLC       4               269,877,183                      6.00

Notes

1.   These shares were the same parcel of shares held by controlled corporations of Merssion
     Limited which was held under a trust. As Ms. Chan Tan Ching Fen was the founder,
     Cole Enterprises Holdings (PTC) Limited was the trustee and Mr. Adriel W. Chan was a
     discretionary beneficiary of the trust, they were deemed to be interested in such shares
     under the SFO.

     The controlled corporations included HLG in which Merssion Limited had 36.61%
     interests. Accordingly, the 2,555,563,240 shares held by HLG through its subsidiaries
     were included in the 2,583,896,340 shares.

2.   These shares were held by the wholly-owned subsidiaries of HLG.

3.   These companies were wholly-owned subsidiaries of HLG. Their interests were included
     in the 2,555,563,240 shares held by HLG.

4.   These shares were held in the capacity of investment manager.

Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2018, no other interests or short positions in the
shares or underlying shares of the Company required to be recorded in the register kept
under section 336 of the SFO has been notified to the Company.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   47
CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS PURSUANT TO
LISTING RULES

The changes in information of the Directors of the Board are set out below:


Mr. Weber W.P. Lo
– appointed as Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer Designate on May
    16, 2018, and became Chief Executive Officer on July 16, 2018, of both the
    Company and HLG (the listed holding company of the Company)


Mr. Philip N.L. Chen
– retired as Chief Executive Officer and ceased to be a member of the Executive
    Committee of the Company and HLG, appointed as Adviser to Chairman and re-
    designated as Non-Executive Director of the Company on July 16, 2018


Ms. Anita Y.M. Fung
– ceased to be a non-official member of Hong Kong Housing Authority


Save as disclosed above, there is no other information to be disclosed pursuant to
rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

During the six months ended June 30, 2018, neither the Company nor any of its
subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of its listed securities.

EMPLOYEES

As at June 30, 2018, the number of employees was 4,535 (comprising 1,192 Hong
Kong employees and 3,343 mainland China employees). The total employee costs
for the six months ended June 30, 2018 amounted to HK$755 million. We provide
competitive remuneration packages for all employees including discretionary bonuses
payable based on individual performance. We regularly review the remuneration
packages to ensure that they comply with relevant regulatory requirements and
market conditions. The Company has share option schemes for the executives and
provides professional and high-quality training for all employees.




48   Hang Lung Properties Limited
REVIEW REPORT TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF
HANG LUNG PROPERTIES LIMITED
(Incorporated in the Hong Kong with limited liability)



INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the interim financial report set out on pages 51 to 74 which comprises the
consolidated statement of financial position of Hang Lung Properties Limited (“the Company”)
as at June 30, 2018 and the related consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of
changes in equity and condensed consolidated cash flow statement for the six month
period then ended and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of an interim financial
report to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting
Standard 34, Interim financial reporting, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the interim
financial report in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34.


Our responsibility is to form a conclusion, based on our review, on the interim financial report
and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of
engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements
2410, Review of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the
entity, issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. A review of the
interim financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for
financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A
review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong
Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we
would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly,
we do not express an audit opinion.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited   49
CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe
that the interim financial report as at June 30, 2018 is not prepared, in all material
respects, in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34, Interim financial
reporting.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants
8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong


July 30, 2018




50   Hang Lung Properties Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
For the six months ended June 30, 2018 (Unaudited)



                                                                                     For information purpose only
                                                            2018           2017          2018              2017
                                             Note      HK$ Million    HK$ Million   RMB Million       RMB Million

Revenue                                       3(a)           5,150         6,358           4,187            5,618
Direct costs and operating expenses                         (1,468)       (1,817)         (1,193)          (1,606)
Gross profit                                                3,682          4,541           2,994           4,012
Other net income                               4               70             70              58              61
Administrative expenses                                      (292)          (293)           (237)           (258)
Operating profit before changes in
  fair value of properties                                  3,460          4,318           2,815           3,815
Net increase in fair value of properties                    2,456            737           2,021             642
Operating profit after changes in
   fair value of properties                                 5,916          5,055           4,836           4,457
Interest income                                               256            312             208             276
Finance costs                                                (542)          (622)           (441)           (550)
Net interest expense                           5             (286)          (310)           (233)            (274)
Share of profits of joint ventures                             54             28              44               25
Profit before taxation                      3(a) & 6        5,684          4,773           4,647           4,208
Taxation                                      7(a)           (736)          (734)           (599)           (649)
Profit for the period                                       4,948          4,039           4,048           3,559
Attributable to:
  Shareholders                                              4,689          3,830           3,837           3,375
  Non-controlling interests                                   259            209             211             184
                                                            4,948          4,039           4,048           3,559
Earnings per share                            9(a)
  Basic                                                  HK$1.04        HK$0.85        RMB0.85          RMB0.75
  Diluted                                                HK$1.04        HK$0.85        RMB0.85          RMB0.75




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

                                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited     51
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the six months ended June 30, 2018 (Unaudited)



                                                                                For information purpose only
                                                        2018           2017          2018            2017
                                            Note   HK$ Million    HK$ Million   RMB Million     RMB Million

Profit for the period                                   4,948          4,039          4,048           3,559
Other comprehensive income                  7(b)
Items that are or may be reclassified
   subsequently to profit or loss:
   Exchange difference arising from
     translation of foreign subsidiaries/
     to presentation currency                            (759)         2,318           552            (1,619)
   Movement in hedging reserve:
     Effective portion of changes in
        fair value                                         38           (194)            30             (169)
     Net amount transferred to
        profit or loss                                     (27)          (44)           (22)             (38)
Item that will not be reclassified to
   profit or loss:
   Net change in fair value of equity
     investments                                            2              1              1                1
                                                         (746)         2,081           561            (1,825)
Total comprehensive income
  for the period                                        4,202          6,120          4,609           1,734
Total comprehensive income
  attributable to:
  Shareholders                                          4,007          5,739          4,404           1,550
  Non-controlling interests                               195            381            205             184
                                                        4,202          6,120          4,609           1,734




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

52   Hang Lung Properties Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
At June 30, 2018



                                                      (Unaudited)     (Audited)    For information purpose only
                                                         June 30, December 31,      June 30, December 31,
                                                            2018         2017          2018         2017
                                               Note   HK$ Million   HK$ Million   RMB Million  RMB Million

Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment
     Investment properties                     10        136,433       134,444         115,159         112,374
     Investment properties under development   10         26,098        21,592          22,003          18,049
     Other property, plant and equipment                     217           220             183             184
                                                         162,748       156,256         137,345         130,607
   Interest in joint ventures                              1,309         1,277           1,106           1,067
   Other assets                                               87             85             74              71
   Deposits with banks                         11          3,051          3,705          2,579           3,097
                                                         167,195       161,323         141,104         134,842
Current assets
  Cash and deposits with banks                 11         14,735        18,401          12,446          15,379
  Trade and other receivables                  12          1,754         2,036           1,480           1,702
  Properties for sale                                      1,262         1,612           1,067           1,347
  Assets held for sale                         15             77           214              65             179
                                                          17,828        22,263          15,058          18,607
Current liabilities
  Bank loans and other borrowings              13          3,151          2,112          2,657           1,765
  Trade and other payables                     14          6,079          6,673          5,130           5,579
  Finance lease obligations                                   22             19             19              16
  Current tax payable                                        517            483            437             404
  Liabilities directly associated with
     the assets held for sale                  15              –             2               –                   2
                                                           9,769          9,289          8,243           7,766
Net current assets                                         8,059        12,974           6,815          10,841
Total assets less current liabilities                    175,254       174,297         147,919         145,683




                                                                                  Hang Lung Properties Limited       53
                                           (Unaudited)     (Audited)   For information purpose only
                                              June 30, December 31,      June 30, December 31,
                                                 2018         2017          2018         2017
                                    Note   HK$ Million   HK$ Million   RMB Million  RMB Million

Non-current liabilities
  Bank loans and other borrowings   13         22,383        22,708        18,897           18,980
  Finance lease obligations                       314           319           265              267
  Deferred tax liabilities                      9,026         9,025         7,611            7,527
                                               31,723        32,052        26,773           26,774
NET ASSETS                                    143,531       142,245       121,146          118,909
Capital and reserves
  Share capital                     16         39,915        39,912        37,433           37,431
  Reserves                                     97,678        96,246        78,707           76,390
Shareholders’ equity                          137,593       136,158       116,140          113,821
Non-controlling interests                       5,938         6,087         5,006            5,088
TOTAL EQUITY                                  143,531       142,245       121,146          118,909




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

54   Hang Lung Properties Limited
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the six months ended June 30, 2018 (Unaudited)


                                                                Shareholders’ equity
                                                                                                           Non-
                                                      Share       Other       Retained               controlling     Total
                                                     capital   reserves         profits      Total     interests    equity
                                                 HK$ Million HK$ Million    HK$ Million HK$ Million HK$ Million HK$ Million
                                                   (Note 16)   (Note 18)      (Note 18)

At January 1, 2018                                   39,912        2,251        93,995     136,158        6,087       142,245
Profit for the period                                     –            –         4,689       4,689          259         4,948
Exchange difference arising from
   translation of foreign subsidiaries                    –         (695)              –      (695)          (64)         (759)
Cash flow hedges: net movement in
   hedging reserve                                        –           11               –        11             –              11
Net change in fair value of equity investments            –            2               –         2             –               2
Total comprehensive income for the period                 –         (682)        4,689       4,007          195         4,202
Final dividend in respect of
   previous financial year                                –            –        (2,609)      (2,609)           –        (2,609)
Issue of shares                                           3            –             –            3            –             3
Employee share-based payments                             –           22            12           34            –            34
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests               –            –             –            –         (344)         (344)
At June 30, 2018                                     39,915        1,591        96,087     137,593        5,938       143,531

At January 1, 2017                                   39,912       (2,354)       89,092     126,650        5,580       132,230
Profit for the period                                     –            –         3,830       3,830          209         4,039
Exchange difference arising from
   translation of foreign subsidiaries                    –        2,146               –     2,146          172         2,318
Cash flow hedges: net movement in
   hedging reserve                                        –         (238)              –      (238)            –          (238)
Net change in fair value of equity investments            –            1               –         1             –             1
Total comprehensive income for the period                 –        1,909         3,830       5,739          381         6,120
Final dividend in respect of
   previous financial year                                –            –        (2,608)      (2,608)           –        (2,608)
Employee share-based payments                             –           20            13           33            –             33
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests               –            –             –            –          (45)           (45)
At June 30, 2017                                     39,912         (425)       90,327     129,814        5,916       135,730




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

                                                                                               Hang Lung Properties Limited        55
For information purpose only
                                                     Shareholders’ equity
                                                                                                      Non-
                                         Share         Other       Retained                     controlling         Total
                                        capital     reserves         profits         Total        interests        equity
                                    RMB Million   RMB Million    RMB Million    RMB Million    RMB Million     RMB Million
At January 1, 2018                      37,431         (2,308)       78,698        113,821           5,088        118,909
Profit for the period                        –              –         3,837          3,837             211          4,048
Exchange difference arising from
   translation to presentation
   currency                                  –           558                –          558               (6)          552
Cash flow hedges: net movement
   in hedging reserve                        –              8               –             8               –              8
Net change in fair value of
   equity investments                        –              1               –             1               –              1
Total comprehensive income
   for the period                            –           567          3,837          4,404             205          4,609
Final dividend in respect of
   previous financial year                   –             –          (2,115)        (2,115)              –         (2,115)
Issue of shares                              2             –               –              2               –              2
Employee share-based payments                –            18              10             28               –             28
Dividends paid to non-controlling
   interests                                 –              –             –              –            (287)          (287)
At June 30, 2018                        37,433         (1,723)       80,430        116,140           5,006        121,146
At January 1, 2017                      37,431         1,589         74,519        113,539           4,991        118,530
Profit for the period                        –             –          3,375          3,375             184          3,559
Exchange difference arising from
   translation to presentation
   currency                                  –         (1,619)              –        (1,619)              –         (1,619)
Cash flow hedges: net movement
   in hedging reserve                        –           (207)              –         (207)               –          (207)
Net change in fair value of
   equity investments                        –              1               –             1               –              1
Total comprehensive income
   for the period                            –         (1,825)        3,375          1,550             184          1,734
Final dividend in respect of
   previous financial year                   –             –          (2,305)        (2,305)              –         (2,305)
Employee share-based payments                –            18              11             29               –             29
Dividends paid to non-controlling
   interests                                 –              –             –              –              (40)           (40)
At June 30, 2017                        37,431           (218)       75,600        112,813           5,135        117,948




56   Hang Lung Properties Limited
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
For the six months ended June 30, 2018 (Unaudited)



                                                                                             For information purpose only
                                                                   2018           2017           2018              2017
                                                              HK$ Million    HK$ Million    RMB Million       RMB Million

Operating activities
  Cash generated from operations                                   3,929          7,120            3,202           6,276
  Income tax paid                                                   (626)          (588)            (511)           (523)
Net cash generated from operating activities                       3,303          6,532            2,691           5,753
Investing activities
   Payment for property, plant and equipment                       (5,331)       (2,164)          (4,356)          (1,921)
   Decrease/(Increase) in bank deposits with
     maturity greater than three months                            3,934         (6,602)           3,199           (5,826)
   Other cash flows arising from investing activities                555            360              450              319
Net cash used in investing activities                               (842)        (8,406)            (707)          (7,428)
Financing activities
   Proceeds from new bank loans and other borrowings                3,235           359            2,629              317
   Repayment of bank loans and other borrowings                    (2,423)       (4,078)          (1,970)          (3,599)
   Interest and other borrowing costs paid                           (652)         (618)            (531)            (547)
   Interest element of finance lease rentals paid                      (8)             –              (7)                –
   Dividend paid                                                   (2,609)       (2,608)          (2,115)          (2,305)
   Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                       (344)           (45)           (287)              (40)
   Other cash flows arising from financing activities                   3              –               2                 –
Net cash used in financing activities                              (2,798)       (6,990)          (2,279)          (6,174)
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents                               (337)         (8,864)           (295)          (7,849)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                              (81)            347              32             (214)
Cash and cash equivalents at January 1                            10,373         23,379            8,670          20,986
Cash and cash equivalents at June 30                               9,955         14,862            8,407          12,923


Analysis of the balance of cash and cash equivalents:
Cash and deposits with banks                                      17,786         22,449           15,025          19,524
Less: Bank deposits with maturity greater than three months       (7,831)         (7,587)         (6,618)          (6,601)
Cash and cash equivalents                                          9,955         14,862            8,407          12,923




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.

                                                                                            Hang Lung Properties Limited      57
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

1.    BASIS OF PREPARATION

      The unaudited interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with Hong
      Kong Accounting Standard (HKAS) 34, Interim Financial Reporting, issued by the Hong
      Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA) and the applicable disclosure
      provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
      Hong Kong Limited.

      The preparation of interim financial report in conformity with HKAS 34 requires
      management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application
      of policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses on a year to
      date basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

      The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG in accordance
      with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial
      information performed by the independent auditor of the entity, issued by the HKICPA.
      KPMG’s independent review report to the Board of Directors is included on pages 49 to
      50.

      The HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended Hong Kong Financial Reporting
      Standards (HKFRSs) that are first effective for the current accounting period of the
      Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”). Except for HKFRS 15, Revenue
      from contracts with customers, the adoption of these new or amended HKFRSs does
      not have significant impact on the Group’s interim financial report. The Group has early
      adopted the complete version of HKFRS 9, Financial Instruments, since January 1,
      2017.

      The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the same accounting
      policies adopted in the 2017 annual financial statements, except for the changes in
      accounting policies that are described in note 2.

      The presentation currency of these consolidated financial statements is Hong Kong
      dollar. In view of the Group’s significant business operations in mainland China,
      management has included additional financial information prepared in Renminbi in the
      consolidated financial statements. Such supplementary information is prepared on the
      same basis as 2017 as if the presentation currency is Renminbi.

      The financial information relating to the financial year ended December 31, 2017 that is
      included in the interim financial report as comparative information does not constitute
      the Company’s statutory annual consolidated financial statements for that financial
      year but is derived from those financial statements. Further information relating to these
      statutory financial statements disclosed in accordance with section 436 of the Hong
      Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) is as follows:

      The Company has delivered the financial statements for the year ended December 31,
      2017 to the Registrar of Companies as required by section 662(3) of, and Part 3 of
      Schedule 6 to, the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

      The Company’s auditor has reported on those financial statements. The auditor’s
      report was unqualified; did not include a reference to any matters to which the auditor
      drew attention by way of emphasis without qualifying its report; and did not contain
      a statement under sections 406(2), 407(2) or 407(3) of the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance.

58   Hang Lung Properties Limited
2.   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the
     current accounting period.

     The key changes to the Group’s accounting policies resulting from the adoption of HKFRS 15 are
     summarized below.

     HKFRS 15 establishes a comprehensive framework for recognizing revenue from contracts
     with customers. HKFRS 15 replaces the previous revenue standard, HKAS 18, Revenue, which
     covers revenue arising from sale of goods and rendering of services.

     HKFRS 15 contains a single model that applies to contracts with customers and two approaches
     to recognizing revenue: at a point in time or over time. The model features a contract-based five-
     step analysis of transactions to determine whether, how much and when revenue is recognized.
     The five steps are as follows:

     1.   Identify the contract with the customer
     2.   Identify the performance obligations in the contract
     3.   Determine the transaction price
     4.   Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations
     5.   Recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation

     The core principle of HKFRS 15 is that revenue is recognized when (or as) a performance
     obligation is satisfied, i.e. when ‘control’ of the goods or services underlying the particular
     performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

     Changes in accounting policy on sale of properties

     As a result of the adoption of HKFRS 15, changes in the Group’s accounting policy on sale of
     properties are as follows:

     Policy applicable on or before December 31, 2017

     Revenue from sale of completed properties is recognized upon the later of the signing of sale and
     purchase agreements or the issue of occupation permit by the relevant government authorities,
     which is taken to be the point in time when the risks and rewards of ownership of the property
     have passed to the buyer.

     Policy applicable from January 1, 2018

     Revenue from sale of completed properties is recognized when the legal assignment is
     completed, which is the point in time when the buyer has the ability to direct the use of the
     property and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits of the property.

     The adoption of HKFRS 15 would result in the revenue from sale of completed properties
     recognized later than it would have been under previous accounting policy.




                                                                            Hang Lung Properties Limited   59
2.    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

      Transition

      The Group has elected to use the cumulative effect transition method and has
      recognized the cumulative effect of the initial application of HKFRS 15 as an adjustment
      to the opening balance of equity at January 1, 2018. Therefore, the comparative
      information has not been restated and continues to be reported under HKAS 18. As
      allowed by HKFRS 15, the Group has applied the new requirements only to contracts
      that were not completed before January 1, 2018.

      Impacts on the consolidated financial statements

      No adjustments to the opening balance of equity at January 1, 2018 have been made
      on the initial application of HKFRS 15 as the Group did not have contracts that were not
      completed before January 1, 2018.

      The following tables summarize the estimated impact of the adoption of HKFRS 15 on
      the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the six months ended June 30, 2018,
      by comparing the amounts reported under HKFRS 15 with estimates of the hypothetical
      amounts that would have been recognized under HKAS 18 if it had continued to be
      applied in 2018 instead of HKFRS 15. These tables show only those line items impacted
      by the adoption of HKFRS 15.

      (i)   Consolidated statement of profit or loss (extract)

                                                        Impact of changes in accounting policies
                                                          Amounts
                                                        reported in      Estimated     Hypothetical
                                                       accordance     impact of the       amounts
            For the six months ended                           with     adoption of          under
              June 30, 2018                              HKFRS 15        HKFRS 15         HKAS 18
                                                       HK$ Million      HK$ Million     HK$ Million

            Revenue                                          5,150             195             5,345
            Direct costs and operating expenses             (1,468)             (45)          (1,513)
            Other net income                                    70               42              112
            Net increase in fair value of properties         2,456              (35)           2,421
            Taxation                                          (736)             (26)            (762)
            Profit for the period                            4,948             131             5,079




60   Hang Lung Properties Limited
2.   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

     Impacts on the consolidated financial statements (continued)

     (ii)   Consolidated statement of financial position (extract)

                                                            Impact of changes in accounting policies
                                                              Amounts
                                                            reported in      Estimated        Hypothetical
                                                           accordance     impact of the          amounts
                                                                   with     adoption of             under
            At June 30, 2018                                 HKFRS 15        HKFRS 15            HKAS 18
                                                           HK$ Million      HK$ Million        HK$ Million

            Assets
              Investment properties                           136,433                  (2)         136,431
              Trade and other receivables                       1,754               250              2,004
              Properties for sale                               1,262                (30)            1,232
              Assets held for sale                                 77                (77)                –

            Liabilities
               Trade and other payables                          6,079               (16)             6,063
               Current tax payable                                 517                26                543

            Equity
              Retained profits                                  96,087              131             96,218

     (iii) Condensed consolidated cash flow statement

            The adoption of HKFRS 15 has no impact to the net cash flow from operating, investing and
            financing activities on the condensed consolidated cash flow statement.

3.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

     The Group manages its businesses according to the nature of services and products provided.
     Management has determined three reportable operating segments for the measurement of
     performance and the allocation of resources. The segments are property leasing in Hong Kong
     and mainland China and property sales in Hong Kong.

     Property leasing segment includes property leasing operation. The Group’s investment properties
     portfolio, which mainly consists of retail, office, residential, serviced apartments and carparks
     are primarily located in mainland China and Hong Kong. Property sales segment includes
     development and sale of the Group’s trading properties in Hong Kong.




                                                                               Hang Lung Properties Limited   61
3.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

      Management evaluates performance primarily based on profit before taxation.

      Segment assets principally comprise all non-current assets and current assets directly
      attributable to each segment with the exception of interest in joint ventures, other assets,
      cash and deposits with banks and assets held for sale. The investment properties of
      the Group are included in segment assets at their fair values whilst the changes in fair
      value of properties are not included in segment profits. No segment liabilities analysis is
      presented as the Group monitors and manages its liabilities on a group basis.

      (a)   Revenue and results by segments

                                                               Revenue                   Profit before taxation
                                                            2018              2017          2018              2017
                                                       HK$ Million       HK$ Million   HK$ Million       HK$ Million

            Segment
            Property leasing
               – Mainland China                             2,171             1,949         1,447             1,274
               – Hong Kong                                  1,947             1,886         1,670             1,625
                                                            4,118             3,835         3,117             2,899
            Property sales
               – Hong Kong                                  1,032             2,523           565             1,642
            Segment total                                   5,150             6,358         3,682             4,541
            Other net income                                                                   70                   70
            Administrative expenses                                                          (292)                (293)
            Operating profit before changes
               in fair value of properties                                                  3,460             4,318
            Net increase in fair value of properties                                        2,456               737
               – property leasing in Hong Kong                                              2,216                  990
               – property leasing in mainland China                                           240                 (253)
            Net interest expense                                                             (286)                (310)
               – interest income                                                               256                 312
               – finance costs                                                                (542)               (622)
            Share of profits of joint ventures                                                 54                  28
            Profit before taxation                                                          5,684             4,773




62   Hang Lung Properties Limited
3.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

     (b)   Total assets by segments

                                                         Total assets
                                                     June 30,      December 31,
                                                        2018              2017
                                                   HK$ Million       HK$ Million

           Segment
           Property leasing
             – Mainland China                          99,808              95,414
             – Hong Kong                               64,693              62,361
                                                      164,501             157,775
           Property sales
             – Hong Kong                                1,263                2,129
           Segment total                              165,764             159,904
           Interest in joint ventures                   1,309               1,277
           Other assets                                    87                  85
           Cash and deposits with banks                17,786              22,106
           Assets held for sale                            77                 214
           Total assets                               185,023             183,586

4.   OTHER NET INCOME

                                                        2018               2017
                                                   HK$ Million        HK$ Million

     Gain on disposal of investment properties              45                     2
     Gain on disposal of assets held for sale               25                     –
     Ineffectiveness on cash flow hedges                     –                    (5)
     Net exchange gain                                       –                   73
                                                            70                   70




                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited    63
5.    NET INTEREST EXPENSE

                                                                  2018          2017
                                                             HK$ Million   HK$ Million

      Interest income on bank deposits                              256           312
      Interest expense on bank loans and other borrowings           619           574
      Finance charges on finance lease obligations                    8             –
      Other borrowing costs                                          15            72
      Total borrowing costs                                         642           646
      Less: Borrowing costs capitalized                            (100)           (24)
      Finance costs                                                 542           622
      Net interest expense                                         (286)         (310)

6.    PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

                                                                  2018          2017
                                                             HK$ Million   HK$ Million

      Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:
      Cost of properties sold                                       350           707
      Staff costs, including employee share-based
        payments of HK$34 million (2017: HK$33 million)             755           679
      Depreciation                                                   22            26




64   Hang Lung Properties Limited
7.   TAXATION

     (a)   Provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% (2017: 16.5%) of the estimated
           assessable profits for the period. Mainland China Income Tax mainly represents mainland
           China Corporate Income Tax calculated at 25% (2017: 25%) and mainland China
           withholding income tax at the applicable rates. A withholding tax of 5% is levied on the Hong
           Kong companies in respect of dividend distributions arising from profits of foreign investment
           enterprises in mainland China earned after January 1, 2008.

                                                                               2018                2017
                                                                          HK$ Million         HK$ Million

           Current tax
            Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                  283                 470
            Mainland China Income Tax                                              379                 342
                                                                                   662                 812
           Deferred tax
            Changes in fair value of properties                                     66                  (63)
            Other origination and reversal of temporary differences                  8                  (15)
                                                                                    74                  (78)
           Total income tax expense                                                736                 734

     (b)   There is no tax effect relating to the components of the other comprehensive income for the
           period.

8.   DIVIDENDS

     (a)   Interim dividend

                                                                               2018                2017
                                                                          HK$ Million         HK$ Million

           Proposed after the end of the reporting period:
             HK17 cents (2017: HK17 cents) per share                               765                 765

           The dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognized as a
           liability at the end of the reporting period.

     (b)   Final dividend approved and paid during the period

                                                                               2018                2017
                                                                          HK$ Million         HK$ Million

           2017 Final dividend of HK58 cents
             (2016: HK58 cents) per share                                       2,609                2,608




                                                                              Hang Lung Properties Limited   65
9.    EARNINGS PER SHARE

      (a)   The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the following
            data:

                                                                       2018               2017
                                                                  HK$ Million        HK$ Million

            Earnings used in calculating basic and
              diluted earnings per share (net profit
              attributable to shareholders)                              4,689            3,830

                                                                      Number of shares
                                                                         2018              2017
                                                                        Million           Million

            Weighted average number of shares used in
               calculating basic earnings per share                      4,498            4,498
            Effect of dilutive potential shares – share options              –                1
            Weighted average number of shares used in
             calculating diluted earnings per share                      4,498            4,499

      (b)   The underlying net profit attributable to shareholders which excluded changes in
            fair value of properties net of related deferred tax and non-controlling interests, is
            calculated as follows:

                                                                       2018               2017
                                                                  HK$ Million        HK$ Million

            Net profit attributable to shareholders                      4,689            3,830
            Effect of changes in fair value of properties               (2,456)             (737)
            Effect of corresponding deferred tax                            66                (63)
            Effect of changes in fair value of investment
               properties of joint ventures                                 (28)               –
                                                                        (2,418)             (800)
            Non-controlling interests                                       48                10
                                                                        (2,370)             (790)
            Underlying net profit attributable to shareholders           2,319            3,040

            The earnings per share based on underlying net profit attributable to shareholders
            are:

                                                                          2018             2017

            Basic                                                     HK$0.52          HK$0.68
            Diluted                                                   HK$0.52          HK$0.68




66   Hang Lung Properties Limited
10. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT

   (a)   Additions

         During the period, additions to investment properties and investment properties under
         development amounted to HK$4,936 million (2017: HK$2,504 million). The additions
         included partial payment to Hangzhou Land Resources Bureau for acquiring the land in
         Xiacheng District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, PRC.

   (b)   Valuation

         The investment properties and investment properties under development of the Group were
         revalued as of June 30, 2018 by Mr. Charles C.K. Chan, Registered Professional Surveyor
         (General Practice), of Savills Valuation and Professional Services Limited, on a market value
         basis.

11. CASH AND DEPOSITS WITH BANKS

   At the end of the reporting period, the Group had cash and deposits with banks with currencies
   denominated in:

                                                                         June 30,       December 31,
                                                                            2018               2017
                                                                       HK$ Million        HK$ Million

   Hong Kong Dollars                                                          9,248             12,761

   Hong Kong Dollars equivalent of:
   Renminbi                                                                   8,531               9,341
   United States Dollars                                                          7                   4
                                                                            17,786              22,106

   After deducting cash and deposits from bank loans and other borrowings, the net debt position
   of the Group at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

                                                                         June 30,       December 31,
                                                                            2018               2017
                                                                       HK$ Million        HK$ Million

   Bank loans and other borrowings                                           25,534              24,820
   Less: Cash and deposits                                                  (17,786)            (22,106)
   Net debt                                                                   7,748               2,714




                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited   67
12. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

      (a)   Included in trade and other receivables are trade receivables (based on the due
            date) with the following aging analysis:

                                                                    June 30,     December 31,
                                                                       2018             2017
                                                                  HK$ Million      HK$ Million

            Not past due or less than 1 month past due                      13              510
            1–3 months past due                                              4                6
            More than 3 months past due                                      4                3
                                                                            21              519

            The allowance for expected credit losses is insignificant. The Group maintains a
            defined credit policy including stringent credit evaluation on and payment of a rental
            deposit from tenants. Proceeds from property sales are receivable pursuant to the
            terms of the sale and purchase agreements. In addition to the payment of rental
            deposits, tenants are required to pay monthly rents in respect of leased properties
            in advance. Except for sale of properties developed by the Group, it does not hold
            any collateral over the receivables. Receivables are regularly reviewed and closely
            monitored to minimize any associated credit risk.

      (b)   Included in other receivables of the Group is a deposit of land acquisition in
            mainland China of HK$297 million (December 31, 2017: HK$299 million).

13. BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

      At the end of the reporting period, the Group had HK$13,057 million (December 31,
      2017: HK$9,969 million) committed undrawn banking facilities.

      In addition, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company has a USD3 billion (December
      31, 2017: USD3 billion) Medium Term Note Program (the “Program”). At the end of the
      reporting period, the Group issued in total an equivalent of HK$12,379 million (December
      31, 2017: HK$12,710 million) of bonds with coupon rates which ranged from 2.95% to
      4.75% (December 31, 2017: 2.95% to 4.75%) per annum under the Program.

14. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

      Included in trade and other payables are trade creditors with the following aging
      analysis:

                                                                    June 30,     December 31,
                                                                       2018             2017
                                                                  HK$ Million      HK$ Million

      Due within 3 months                                                1,627            1,759
      Due after 3 months                                                 1,486            1,768
                                                                         3,113            3,527


68   Hang Lung Properties Limited
15. ASSETS HELD FOR SALE

   On April 20, 2018, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent
   third party to dispose of a residential unit and two car parking spaces at Garden Terrace in Hong
   Kong. Accordingly, the relevant assets are presented as assets held for sale. The completion of
   the transaction is scheduled to take place by the end of July 2018.

   The balance at December 31, 2017 represented the Group’s subsidiaries and shareholder’s loan
   held for sale. The assets held by the subsidiaries were the retail arcade and some car parking
   spaces at Carmel-on-the-Hill in Hong Kong. The completion of the transaction took place on
   January 22, 2018.

                                                                             June 30,       December 31,
                                                                                2018               2017
                                                                           HK$ Million        HK$ Million

   Investment properties                                                            77                 213
   Properties for sale                                                               –                   1
   Assets held for sale                                                             77                 214
   Deposits received                                                                  –                      2
   Liabilities directly associated with the
      assets held for sale                                                            –                      2

16. SHARE CAPITAL

   Movements of the Company’s ordinary shares are set out below:

                                                  June 30, 2018                  December 31, 2017
                                              Number of      Amount of         Number of         Amount of
                                                 shares    share capital          shares       share capital
                                                 Million    HK$ Million           Million       HK$ Million

   Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
   At January 1                                   4,498           39,912            4,498            39,912
   Shares issued under share option scheme            –                3                –                 –
   At June 30/December 31                         4,498           39,915            4,498            39,912




                                                                              Hang Lung Properties Limited       69
17. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES

      The share option scheme adopted by the Company on November 22, 2002 (the “2002
      Share Option Scheme”) was terminated upon the adoption of a new share option
      scheme on April 18, 2012 (the “2012 Share Option Scheme”). No further options
      shall be offered under the 2002 Share Option Scheme, but all options granted prior to
      such termination and not exercised at the date of termination shall remain valid. The
      share options granted under the above two share option schemes to the directors and
      employees are at nominal consideration and each share option gives the holder the right
      to subscribe for one share.

      The movements of share options of the Company during the period are as follows:

      (a)   2002 Share Option Scheme

                                                      Number of share options                         Period during   Exercise
                                     Outstanding on                Forfeited/ Outstanding on         which options       price
            Date granted            January 1, 2018   Exercised      Lapsed June 30, 2018           are exercisable     (HK$)

            April 1, 2008 to            12,372,000     (143,000)    (200,000)     12,029,000       April 1, 2009 to   17.36 –
                December 31, 2008                                                              December 30, 2018       27.90

            February 8, 2010 to         13,380,000            –            –      13,380,000   February 8, 2012 to    26.46 –
               June 1, 2010                                                                         May 31, 2020       27.27

            July 29, 2010 to            31,210,000            –            –      31,210,000      July 29, 2012 to    30.79 –
                June 13, 2011                                                                      June 12, 2021       36.90
            Total                       56,962,000     (143,000)    (200,000)     56,619,000

            All the above options may vest after one/two to five years of the grant date and are
            exercisable up to the tenth anniversary of the date of grant, after which they will
            lapse. No options were cancelled during the period.

            No share options were exercised by the directors during the period. The weighted
            average closing price of the shares immediately before the dates of exercise by the
            employees during the period was HK$18.60.

            The weighted average closing share price at the dates of exercise for share options
            during the period was HK$18.64.

            During the period, 200,000 options (2017: 890,000 options) lapsed due to the
            expiry of the period for exercising the options and no options (2017: 140,000
            options) were forfeited upon cessations of the grantees’ employments.




70   Hang Lung Properties Limited
17. SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (continued)

   (b)   2012 Share Option Scheme

                                                    Number of share options                           Period during   Exercise
                                   Outstanding on                 Forfeited/   Outstanding on        which options       price
         Date granted             January 1, 2018     Granted       Lapsed      June 30, 2018       are exercisable     (HK$)

         June 4, 2013                 28,218,000            –      (348,000)       27,870,000      June 4, 2015 to      28.20
                                                                                                     June 3, 2023

         December 5, 2014             25,412,000            –      (660,000)       24,752,000 December 5, 2016 to       22.60
                                                                                                December 4, 2024

         August 10, 2017              43,310,000            –    (1,700,000)       41,610,000   August 10, 2019 to      19.98
                                                                                                   August 9, 2027

         May 16, 2018                          – 10,000,000               –        10,000,000      May 16, 2020 to      18.98
                                                                                                     May 15, 2028
         Total                        96,940,000 10,000,000      (2,708,000)      104,232,000

         All the above options may vest after two to five years of the grant date and are exercisable
         up to the tenth anniversary of the date of grant, after which they will lapse. No options were
         exercised or cancelled during the period.

         During the period, 2,708,000 (2017: 1,234,000) options were forfeited upon cessations of
         the grantees’ employments.

         The fair value of share options granted was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-
         Scholes pricing model taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the options
         were granted. In respect of the share options granted during the period, the fair value, the
         terms and conditions and weighted average assumptions are as follows:

         Fair value at grant date                                                                                 HK$2.84
         Share price at grant date                                                                               HK$18.98
         Exercise price                                                                                          HK$18.98
         Risk-free interest rate                                                                                    2.14%
         Expected life (in years)                                                                                       6
         Expected volatility                                                                                       23.86%
         Expected dividends per share                                                                             HK$0.75

         The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility and the expected dividends per
         share are based on historical dividends. Changes in the above assumptions could materially
         affect the fair value estimate.




                                                                                           Hang Lung Properties Limited          71
18. RESERVES

                                                                        Other reserves
                                                                                   Employee
                                                                      Investment share-based
                                               Employee     Hedging revaluation compensation                Retained       Total
                                                 reserve     reserve      reserve     reserve      Total      profits   reserves
                                              HK$ Million HK$ Million HK$ Million HK$ Million HK$ Million HK$ Million HK$ Million

      At January 1, 2018                          1,573         (134)             85     727       2,251       93,995      96,246
      Profit for the period                            –           –               –       –            –       4,689       4,689
      Exchange difference arising from
        translation of foreign subsidiaries        (695)           –               –       –        (695)           –        (695)
      Cash flow hedges: net movement
        in hedging reserve                             –         11                –       –          11            –          11
      Net change in fair value of equity
        investments                                    –           –               2       –            2           –            2
      Total comprehensive income for
        the period                                 (695)         11                2       –        (682)       4,689       4,007
      Final dividend in respect of
        previous financial year                        –           –               –       –           –       (2,609)      (2,609)
      Employee share-based payments                    –           –               –      22          22           12           34
      At June 30, 2018                              878         (123)             87     749       1,591       96,087      97,678

      At January 1, 2017                          (3,240)          –              85     801       (2,354)     89,092      86,738
      Profit for the period                            –           –               –       –            –       3,830       3,830
      Exchange difference arising from
        translation of foreign subsidiaries       2,146            –               –       –       2,146            –       2,146
      Cash flow hedges: net movement
        in hedging reserve                             –        (238)              –       –         (238)          –        (238)
      Net change in fair value of equity
        investments                                    –           –               1       –            1           –            1
      Total comprehensive income for
        the period                                2,146         (238)              1       –       1,909        3,830       5,739
      Final dividend in respect of
        previous financial year                        –           –               –       –           –       (2,608)      (2,608)
      Employee share-based payments                    –           –               –      20          20           13           33
      At June 30, 2017                            (1,094)       (238)             86     821         (425)     90,327      89,902




72   Hang Lung Properties Limited
19. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

   The fair value of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at the end of the reporting period
   on a recurring basis, categorized into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS
   13, Fair value measurement. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified and
   determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation
   technique is as follows:

   •     Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted
         prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

   •     Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which
         fail to meet level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are
         inputs for which market data are not available.

   •     Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

   (a)   Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value

         i)     Derivative financial instruments – cross currency swaps

                The fair value of cross currency swaps as of June 30, 2018 of HK$38 million recorded
                under “Trade and other receivables” (December 31, 2017: HK$7 million recorded
                under “Trade and other receivables” and HK$3 million recorded under “Trade and other
                payables”) in Level 2 is determined based on the amount that the Group would receive
                or pay to terminate the swaps at the end of the reporting period taking into account
                current interest rates and current creditworthiness of the swap counter-parties.

         ii)    Investment in equity instruments

                The fair value of non-publicly traded equity investments as of June 30, 2018 of HK$87
                million (December 31, 2017: HK$85 million) in Level 3 is determined by reference to the
                net asset value of these investments.

         iii)   Transfers of instruments between the three-level fair value hierarchy

                During the six months ended June 30, 2018, there were no transfers of instruments
                between Level 1 and Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3 (2017: Nil). The Group’s
                policy is to recognize transfers between levels of fair value hierarchy as of the end of the
                reporting period in which they occur.

   (b)   Financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value

         The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortized cost
         were not materially different from their fair values as of December 31, 2017 and June 30,
         2018.




                                                                                Hang Lung Properties Limited   73
20. COMMITMENTS

      At the end of the reporting period, capital commitments not provided for in the interim
      financial report were as follows:

                                                                  June 30,     December 31,
                                                                     2018             2017
                                                                HK$ Million      HK$ Million

      Contracted for                                                 21,027           12,660
      Authorized but not contracted for                              22,345           22,914
                                                                     43,372           35,574

      The above commitments include mainly the land costs and construction related costs to
      be incurred in respect of the Group’s development of its investment properties in various
      cities in mainland China.

21. COMPARATIVE FIGURES

      The Group has initially applied HKFRS 15 at January 1, 2018. Under the transition
      method chosen, comparative information is not restated. Further details of the changes
      in accounting policies are disclosed in note 2.

22. REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT

      The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by the Audit Committee.
      It was authorized for issue by the Board of Directors on July 30, 2018.




74   Hang Lung Properties Limited
GLOSSARY

FINANCIAL TERMS

Finance costs:             Total of interest expense on total borrowings and other borrowing
                           costs, net of amount capitalized


Total borrowings:          Total of bank loans and other borrowings, net of unamortized
                           other borrowing costs


Net debt:                  Total borrowings net of cash and deposits with banks


Net profit attributable    Profit for the period (after tax) less amounts attributable to non-
 to shareholders:          controlling interests


Underlying net profit      Net profit attributable to shareholders excluded changes in fair
 attributable to           value of properties net of related deferred tax and non-controlling
 shareholders:             interests



FINANCIAL RATIOS


Basic               Profit attributable to shareholders                      Total borrowings
                                                          Debt
earnings     =                                                        =
                      Weighted average number of          to equity             Total equity
per share
                     shares in issue during the period


Net assets                      Net assets                Net debt                Net debt
             =                                                      =
per share             Weighted average number of          to equity             Total equity
                     shares in issue during the period


                     Operating profit before changes
Interest                in fair value of properties
             =
cover               Finance costs before capitalization
                           less interest income




                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited   75
INFORMATION FOR INVESTORS

FINANCIAL CALENDAR

Financial period                                January 1, 2018 to June 30, 2018
Announcement of interim results                                      July 30, 2018
Latest time for lodging transfers               4:30 p.m. on September 11, 2018
Closure of share register            September 12 to 13, 2018 (both days inclusive)
Record date for interim dividend                             September 13, 2018
Payment date for interim dividend                            September 27, 2018

SHARE LISTING

As at June 30, 2018, 4,497,718,670 shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited. It has a sponsored American Depositary Receipt (ADR) Program
in the New York market.

STOCK CODE

Hong Kong Stock Exchange: 00101
Reuters: 0101.HK
Bloomberg: 101 HK
CUSIP Number/Ticker Symbol for ADR Code: 41043M104/HLPPY

SHARE INFORMATION

Share price as at June 30, 2018: HK$16.18
Market capitalization as at June 30, 2018: HK$72.77 billion

SHARE REGISTRAR

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
17M Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Tel: 2862 8555
Fax: 2865 0990

INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT

C.F. Kwan
Email address: ir@hanglung.com


76   Hang Lung Properties Limited
