Corporate Information
DIRECTORS                                    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

Ronnie C. Chan (Chairman)                    Philip N.L. Chen
Philip N.L. Chen (Managing Director)         Bella P.L. Chhoa
Ronald J. Arculli GBM, CVO, GBS, OBE, JP *
P.W. Liu SBS, JP *                           COMPANY SECRETARY
Dominic C.F. Ho *
                                             Bella P.L. Chhoa
Nelson W.L. Yuen *
Andrew K.C. Chan BBS, JP #
                                             REGISTERED OFFICE
H.K. Chang GBS, JP *
Anita Y.M. Fung BBS, JP *                    28th Floor, Standard Chartered Bank Building
H.C. Ho                                      4 Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong
#
        Non-Executive Director               Tel: 2879 0111
*       Independent Non-Executive Director   Fax: 2868 6086


AUDIT COMMITTEE                              INTERNET ADDRESS

Dominic C.F. Ho (Chairman)                   Website: http://www.hanglung.com
Andrew K.C. Chan BBS, JP                     Email address: HLProperties@hanglung.com
H.K. Chang GBS, JP
Anita Y.M. Fung BBS, JP                      AUDITOR
    (appointed on August 4, 2015)
                                             KPMG
NOMINATION AND REMUNERATION                  Certified Public Accountants

COMMITTEE

Ronald J. Arculli GBM, CVO, GBS, OBE, JP
    (Chairman)
Dominic C.F. Ho
H.K. Chang GBS, JP




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited 1
  Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders

  RESULTS AND DIVIDEND

  Compared to the last corresponding period, turnover increased 3% to HK$4,607 million.
  With a much smaller property revaluation gain, net profit attributable to shareholders fell by
  12% to HK$2,841 million. Earnings per share dropped 13% to HK$0.63. When excluding
  all the effects of revaluation gain, the underlying net profit attributable to shareholders was
  down 1% to HK$2,448 million and the underlying earnings per share of HK$0.55 was the
  same as a year ago.

  The Board has declared an interim dividend of HK17 cents per share payable on
  September 30, 2015 to shareholders of record on September 16, 2015.


  BUSINESS REVIEW

  The trading environment was tough as expected. Mainland China’s overall economy was
  weak and retail growth especially for luxury goods has slowed further. Given this situation,
  we were performing as well as one could have expected.

  For example, due partly to the completion of the expansion plans of six major brands at
  Plaza 66 in Shanghai where each of them has taken 57% to 480% more space, rental
  turnover compared to the same period of the previous year jumped 12%. At Grand
  Gateway 66, it increased by 6%. Our overall retail rental growth in Shanghai was 9% while
  occupancy stood at 99%. Rental reversions were on average up by almost 10%.

  Because of the oversupply of new space in the immediate neighborhood, office rents
  collected at Plaza 66 fell by 7%. (The competitive landscape in Xujiahui District where
  Grand Gateway 66 is located has not been as severe. As a result, the office tower there,
  which is held by our parent Hang Lung Group, experienced a rental rise of 5%.) The
  blended growth rate for Plaza 66 was 3%. The total rents collected in Shanghai rose by
  4% to HK$1,454 million. Rental margin remained high at 87% and gross rental return on
  unleveraged investment cost rose to 46%.




2 Hang Lung Properties Limited
Shopping centers in second-tier cities encountered tougher conditions. Continuing on
the path of recovery, Shenyang Palace 66 saw a rise in rental turnover. Jinan Parc 66
retreated slightly but Shenyang Forum 66 and Wuxi Center 66 fell. As predicted six months
ago, occupancy held steady at Palace 66, rose nicely at Parc 66 but deteriorated at the
other two facilities. The overall weak retail environment is putting downward pressure on
rental reversions everywhere, especially at Forum 66 and Center 66. Tianjin Riverside
66 which has less than a full year of operation is performing acceptably with occupancy
climbing steadily.

As long time readers of this letter know, almost from the beginning of our operations on
the Mainland, we have always insisted on a solid base rent. We are willing to sacrifice part
of the upside in the form of turnover rent. When the market rose sharply, we might have
lost some additional revenue, but now when conditions have become tough, we are much
more protected. Many of our competitors voluntarily or involuntarily required little or no
base rent from tenants, especially from top luxury brands. They are all suffering today.

An important indication of the health of shopping centers is the retail sales of our tenants.
Both within and beyond Shanghai, we saw a growth of 4%. In second-tier cities, Palace 66
rose by 10%; Parc 66 almost kept up with the same period of a year ago; Forum 66 fell by
5% while Center 66 jumped 15%. The last number, however, warrants some explanation.
The two car showrooms – Ferrari and Maserati – accounted for almost a quarter of the
total sales of the property. Excluding them, tenant sales were flat. Whatever the case, the
fact that 93 luxury cars have been sold in merely a few months tells us that private wealth
abounds in Wuxi.

Despite the sluggish economy, our two new office towers are leasing satisfactorily. 60%
of the one in Wuxi Center 66, completed in the fourth quarter of 2014, is committed. At
Shenyang Forum 66, almost one-third of the space is leased. By year-end I expect the
numbers to be over 80% and 60% respectively. Besides achieving acceptable unit rents,
attracting the best possible tenants is just as important. This we are striving to do.

Hong Kong investment properties performed satisfactorily. Overall rent collected was 7%
higher than the same period of 2014, with retail rising at 6% and office 9%. Both asset
types remained basically fully occupied. At over HK$1.7 billion, Hong Kong accounted
for 45% of the Company’s total rents received. Mainland China brought in 55% or slightly
over HK$2.1 billion.




                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited 3
  We continued to sell down our inventory of completed apartments. This period we only
  parted with 26 units compared to 88 a year ago. Turnover was 17% less but operating
  profit was actually 4% higher due to a higher profit margin. For example, the nine condos
  at The HarbourSide achieved a margin of 82%. We also parted with many car parking
  spaces.

  All told, Company-wide turnover and operating profit both increased by 3%. Because
  revaluation gain was much lower than the year before, net profit attributable to
  shareholders fell by 12%. Taking out the non-cash item of revaluation yielded an
  underlying net profit attributable to shareholders of minus 1%. The number was so small
  that underlying earnings per share remained the same at HK$0.55.

  As I have told shareholders before, we will spend HK$1.3 billion to enhance and upgrade
  our two Shanghai properties. They are over 15 years old and we want to make sure that
  they will continue to be leaders in their respective markets. Works at Plaza 66 have started
  already and that for Grand Gateway 66 will begin in the second half of 2016. Only after
  mall-opening hours will workers enter, and they will reinstate the premises before the
  new business day arrives. It will take longer to complete the renovation but tenants and
  shoppers will be least affected.

  Two developments in the past few months were of particular significance to our Company.
  One was specific to our business while the other was of a more general nature. The former
  was the price cutting by luxury brands in China including Hong Kong. The latter related to
  the plunge in the Chinese stock market.

  According to the global consulting firm McKinsey, China now accounts for some 20% of
  the annual global luxury goods market of some US$30 billion. Moreover, the rate of growth
  in China is astonishing. This has caused almost all major brands to flock to the country. In
  fact, more often than not they have to adjust their global strategy to tailor to this market.
  Together with the introduction of technology such as e-Commerce, and the fast-changing
  – and some say, upgrading of – tastes and preferences of Chinese consumers, we have
  an industry which is rapidly evolving.




4 Hang Lung Properties Limited
Although high fashion only takes up 6% of our mall space, they generate some 17%
of retail rents. Shopping centers in turn are responsible for about 80% of all our rents
received on the Mainland. Beyond just numbers, our reputation in the country is built on
luxury goods sales which help drive other types of tenants. As such, developments in this
sector are of particular concern to us.

For many years, the same luxury products in China on average have been sold at about
20% higher than in Europe. As a result, over 60% of the purchases made by the Chinese
took place outside of the Mainland. It also bred a kind of arbitrage of buying overseas and
selling on the Mainland. A main reason, although not the only one, for the price differential
is the high import duty levied by the Beijing government. Three years ago I asked a
relevant senior official why the government still kept the high taxes when they were losing
money over people buying overseas. I was told in no uncertain terms that when it was
politically expedient, such import duties would be adjusted downward. So far it has not
happened.

Your management was certainly expecting such an adjustment. It should benefit us as a
certain percentage of overseas sales will surely return to China where we have some of
the best malls. If only a quarter of the present 60% overseas transactions were brought
back onshore, the domestic market would grow by about 40%. Recent announcement of
the lowering of taxes for certain consumer products also gave us hope.

To our surprise, in March this year a top global luxury brand started to cut prices in China
on a permanent basis, i.e. it was not a seasonal sales campaign. Before long a good
number of other big names followed suit. The idea is ostensibly to equalize prices with
other parts of the world so as to stamp out the undesirable consequences of a significant
price differential.

Our preference is to have the government cut the import duty because it will impact all
luxury products instead of only a few brands which have chosen to lower prices. In fact, I
was concerned that such brand decisions may preclude government action. But whatever
the case, as long as the consumer pays less, some overseas sales will likely return. This
should be good news to us and to the industry in China.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited 5
  Then there was a piece of not so encouraging news – the sharp fall in Chinese stock
  prices in recent days and weeks. When the Beijing government began late last year
  to flood the economy with liquidity and direct it to the stock markets of Shanghai and
  Shenzhen, we knew that it would sooner or later bring trouble. We in the rest of East
  Asia have seen all too many market crashes. Recall 1973, 1987, 1997, 2000 and 2008.
  While the immediate cause of each might differ, it was always preceded by euphoria and
  inevitably ended in almost free fall. They were scary and anyone who has experienced
  them will not easily forget. Yet inside Mainland China, investors have not seen it, and it
  takes firsthand experience to know what it is like.

  So to the latest trouble, I have the following comments. First, every developing economy
  and its stock market will sooner or later undergo such a roller coaster ride. Even the U.S.
  experienced it in 1929. Every East Asian market which is somewhat mature has gone
  through it. For example, today few global investors pay attention to Taiwanese stocks. But
  in the mid to late 1980’s, it was a wild market. One should not be surprised that Mainland
  China today should undergo similarly huge ups and downs. Indeed it would be abnormal
  if it does not. It is just the normal process of market maturation.

  Some may take exception to the way and the extent that Beijing has strived to prop up the
  market. That too should not surprise anyone. History tends to show that every government
  will do its best to come to the rescue if it is within its power to do so. The Chinese may
  have more tools to use and so they have used them.

  While such huge equity market swings will inevitably hurt the local economy to some
  extent, in most historical cases the latter recovers. So will the Chinese economy. After all,
  the Beijing government not only has various means to rescue the market; it also has many
  to stimulate growth. While it is difficult to predict how much longer Beijing will be able to
  keep that privilege as its economy continues to deregulate, for now, it will do its best to
  revive it.

  If the latest “experiment” of directing massive amounts of private capital into the stock
  market was meant to stimulate the economy, it has backfired. No doubt a collateral benefit
  of this disaster is that officials have learned what not to do. This should help them do a
  better job next time.




6 Hang Lung Properties Limited
There is another reason why the market fall may not damage the real economy as much
as in other places. Namely, the correlation between the Chinese stock market and the
underlying economy may be weaker than that of the West. A big part of the Chinese
capital market is associated with huge state-owned enterprises which are monopolies
or oligopolies in their respective industries. Many of them are financially strong and their
ability to make money has little to do with the conditions of the stock market.

Furthermore, compared to a year ago or to the beginning of 2015, the Chinese stock
market index today is still considerably higher. Nevertheless those individuals who have
lost money of late in the stock market will inevitably consume less.

Perhaps a greater worry for the economy is the weakness of the housing market. Real
estate is one way or another related to some 20% of the overall economy. In the past
when everyone was building feverishly, the economy was buoyed by it. Now the reverse
is true. I have touched upon this worry in the past, and its effects are now increasingly felt.
This explains why loan demand all over the country is weak. With diminished economic
activities, job creation is also curtailed. These are worrying signs.

This must be why the government is doing all it can to stimulate the economy. Old tricks
such as monetary easing will not work so well anymore. There is already an oversupply of
many basic materials and manufacturing capacity.

On the demand side, China’s biggest export market – Europe – is not growing. The U.S.
economy is faring better but this market as far as China is concerned has three issues.
First, after years of fast salary growth in China, the cost differential between China and
the U.S. has narrowed. Secondly, with technological advances such as robotics and 3D
printing and the availability of cheap energy from shale gas, America may soon once
again become a manufacturing powerhouse as in the 1950’s and 1960’s. Her need for the
import of a myriad of goods may lessen. Thirdly, protectionism is rearing its ugly head:
consider the slogan “Buy America!”

Aside from export, consumption is the second engine for the economy. Partly due to the
negative wealth effect of stagnating home prices, the citizenry has become more cautious
in spending money. The increase of public investments remains the only time-honored
method, but this too has its limits. New initiatives must be crafted but these will not be
easy.




                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited 7
  The two attempts in this regard are to encourage entrepreneurship among younger
  people, and the introduction of the new Silk Road concept called “One Belt, One Road”
  or as some say, “OBOR.” It is doubtful if either will bring sufficient short term benefits to
  jump-start the economy.

  Whereas the stock market trouble of late may not in itself be that serious, it is the more
  fundamental difficulties which are worrisome. It is not easy to see what the new economic
  engine will be. This is why I do not see a quick uplift in our shopping center business.

  The Hong Kong retail segment has been performing acceptably although it could have
  been better. Some locals have reacted to Mainland visitors buying up daily necessities
  here. Unfortunate incidents of unwelcoming gestures have left many of our compatriots
  cautious about visiting Hong Kong. Doubtless this has hurt our retail sales. So much so
  that in certain districts, many street front shops which have previously commanded high
  rents are now empty. While the phenomenon affects us little, it cannot be good for Hong
  Kong as a whole.

  Such sentiments against Mainlanders are unnecessary and improper although we are
  not unique. Singapore has witnessed the same. Some of the issues are supply-demand
  related that can be easily resolved. Taking infant milk powder as an example: why not
  go to the best supplier in the world and purchase in huge quantities? Then set up outlet
  stores close to the border between Hong Kong and the Mainland. Quantity buying will
  bring down prices for all and we will retain shoppers from the other side. Animosity
  towards such visitors will thus be alleviated and at the same time, Mainlanders’ sentiments
  towards our city will not deteriorate. They will keep coming and while here, will use our
  many other services. This will keep our job market healthy and our overall economy more
  sound than otherwise.

  As we all know, Mainland tourists anywhere in the world are among the highest spenders,
  both in absolute terms and on a per capita basis. To turn them away is to turn money
  away. Hong Kong has always been an open commercial city and to turn away legitimate
  business is foreign to us.

  Hong Kong people will do well to remember that we have competition. With our dollar
  pegged to the American dollar, and with almost all major currencies depreciated of late
  against the greenback, many of our neighbors appear very attractive to Mainland tourists.
  Our Tsim Sha Tsui (TST) district used to be a popular destination spot; now the new TST
  to them is Tokyo, Seoul and Taipei. And once a bad reputation of our city is formed on the
  Mainland, it will be difficult to reverse.



8 Hang Lung Properties Limited
To look down on our compatriots is equally irrational. Very few of our local population are
truly native to Hong Kong. A little over a century ago, this city was not much more than a
fishing village. Even by the end of World War II, our population was quite small. Most of
us or our parents originally came from the Mainland. As such, the difference between the
mistreated tourists and recent immigrants and the mistreating locals is only the time they
arrived at this city.

Statistics have already reflected the downturn. Growth in inbound Mainland tourists has
slowed, and even consumer spending is slightly down. Hong Kong must as soon as
possible take steps to reverse the slide. Our democratic and so strait-jacketed political
process are also stalling the much needed infrastructural development such as the third
runway at our airport. The Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge when built should help our
economy, but that too is mired in wasteful political infighting.

All the above are cautioning us that we should not be overly optimistic about Hong
Kong’s retail business in the next year or two. Market expansion will be limited. As such,
we will have to gain market share if we want to grow. In this regard, our recent Asset
Enhancement Initiatives should help. There is still considerable potential in our portfolio for
upgrading. This we will do.


PROSPECTS

Given the slower retail markets in both Mainland China and Hong Kong, we are bracing
ourselves for a long winter. I would be happy to be proven wrong, but it seems prudent at
this stage to be cautious. We do not see many encouraging signs in the economy nor our
industry.

Consider the fact that within six months of our opening Tianjin Riverside 66 last Fall, at
least six sizable retail outlets in the City had closed down! We do not for a moment think
that we are the cause of their troubles. We are not that powerful, being among the best
in the market notwithstanding. While recognizing that there will be less competition going
forward, we are not particularly pleased with this development, for it tells us that the
market is lethargic and there is no end in sight.




                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited 9
   Coincidentally all six closed-down retail facilities in Tianjin were department stores. It
   was not that long ago when institutional investors asked us which model – traditional
   department stores versus shopping centers – was superior. I thought the answer was
   obvious but one could have easily accused me for being biased. Now most people are
   as convinced as I am. This however does not mean that all malls are spared from trouble;
   rather, it merely says that the weaker model will be the first to be hurt. (That said, some
   department stores will survive.) If consumer confidence remains low, the inferior malls will
   also go. This is already happening.

   Fortunately not only do we have some of the best properties in the market, we are also
   financially very strong. For the past nine years and to this day, we basically have zero
   net debt. As such, it is difficult to think of an exogenous factor that can kill us. The same
   cannot be said for most of our competitors.

   Observing for some years the glut of inferior retail space in Chinese cities, I have long
   pondered over how the industry will evolve. Now the answers are unveiling before us at
   considerable speed.

   The simplest form is to close down, or at least to mothball the property. Many are doing
   just that. To figure out an alternative use will tax one’s ingenuity. One possibility is to turn
   them into old folks’ activity centers. Given an ageing society, there will be considerable
   demand for such facilities. However, how to make money therefrom is another issue. Retail
   rental is among the highest yielding for any space, which means that most other usage, if
   not all, will bring inferior returns.

   A few daring souls are buying up failed shopping centers. Perhaps the new owners will
   be able to come up with better usage. But if all they do is to keep the space for retail,
   then I question their chances of success. The main reason for mall failure is not the
   software but the hardware, i.e. what I call “real estate genetics” – location, size, design
   and construction. These are factors which can never be changed once a facility is
   constructed. It is like a short man not being able to play professional basketball or a tall
   man doing gymnastics. A switch to a better coach will not help, for it is the genetics that
   counts the most.




10 Hang Lung Properties Limited
I believe that finding other reasonable functions for the space is a safer route to take.
One company is turning well located malls into office space for entrepreneurs on a daily
rental. After all, top Chinese leaders are calling young people to innovate and to start
new businesses. So apparently there is some market for it but will it fill up a mall or many
malls? Hardly! Moreover, simple calculation if not common sense will tell us that the return
from such a conversion can in no way come close to that of a well-run shopping center,
especially one in the luxury sector. Such is the price for not respecting “genetics.”

There are yet other strategies. One high-profile player who formerly claimed to be in
the luxury mall space has publicly announced that besides closing down some weaker
facilities, all remaining properties will go downward on the value chain. They will now tailor
to the masses. Like many others, they have finally discovered that to build and manage
top-end shopping centers is a high-expertise endeavor, something that I have repeatedly
advocated on this platform.

I believe the conversion game has just begun. As long as the economy remains sluggish
and consumer spending feeble, the speed of conversion can only pick up, for the
oversupply situation in many cities is serious. It may take a few years for those markets to
reach a supply-demand equilibrium. My suspicion is that once the sentiment turns for the
better, this market cleansing mechanism will stop. People will begin to build again. Like
everywhere else, one should not underestimate the follies of human nature.

What then shall Hang Lung do? First, stay the course. Several institutional investors have
recently asked if we would consider lowering the price point of products sold in our malls.
I find their suggestion incredulous. Since there will always be a market for luxury goods,
we should not move downward on the value chain. At or near the top-end of the market,
there are very few players, for few know how to develop and manage four- or five-star
malls. We already have several properties well entrenched in that space with a limited
number of competitors. If we move down, we will dilute our uniqueness and run into much
more competition even though the market is bigger. The segment where we play today is
much easier to defend than the next level below.

Secondly, whereas we have no intention to slow down construction, neither will we break
our neck to get ahead as we once did. We expect the market lull to be with us for some
time so there is no hurry.




                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited 11
   Thirdly, we will take advantage of the present slow market to upgrade our existing
   portfolio. Our Asset Enhancement Initiatives have started a while ago in Hong Kong with
   much success. We have done a lot of work in Mong Kok and Causeway Bay, and will do
   more. The enhancement of Plaza 66 has also started, while that for Grand Gateway 66 will
   follow in 2016. Payback period will be about 4 years for both Shanghai properties.

   There will come a time when land prices on the Mainland become attractive. This is the
   fourth area to which we will pay attention. But for now, we will not rush into acquisitions, for
   we do not see how the economy can recover quickly.

   The fifth item is critical and we will do our best to complete – the building out our
   management team, especially at the senior level. Six months ago I have written extensively
   on the subject. Progress is being made but there is always room for improvement.

   Finally and concurrent with augmenting the team is the strengthening of corporate culture.
   This is yet another topic to which I have previously devoted considerable attention.

   At times of adversity, the strong players will become even stronger, and the weak ones, as
   we have seen earlier, will sooner or later fail. Given the assets we possess both tangible
   and intangible, Hang Lung will be one of the very few big winners. As in most industries in
   market economies, success will over time concentrate in the hands of a few.

   Dalian will officially open in early December under a most difficult environment. With a
   gross floor area of about 220,000 square meters, to fill it up intelligently will be a challenge
   for anyone. Average unit rental rate is expected to be slightly below that of Tianjin.

   We will inaugurate the mall in two phases, with the first accounting for 87% of all available
   space. At the opening we shall expect 80% occupancy of phase one or 70% of the entire
   mall. When we approach 90% full for phase one, we should have achieved the targeted
   4-5% initial gross yield. Once fully occupied, there is a good chance that we will be at the
   5-6% range. Given the enormity of the property size and the tough market environment,
   this is a rather satisfactory outcome.

   I should mention that at the opening, the upper floors and the basement will be basically
   full but not the first two levels. The latter are the easiest to fill for everyone wants to be
   there. However, we are unwilling to lease such premium space to just anybody. Once
   occupied, it will take time and effort to relocate them later when we need to make room for
   what may prove to be more appropriate names. For now top brands are not opening new
   stores and so we will take our time to find the brands we want.




12 Hang Lung Properties Limited
After Dalian, the next mall to open should be Kunming. In recent years, building
regulations have become increasingly unwieldy. This is perhaps understandable as the
fast-rising market over the past two decades has left many holes in the system. As such,
one can consider this latest development as an improvement. However, to address one
problem often creates difficulties if not impossibilities in other areas. For example, new
fire regulations have rendered efficient and indeed reasonable design unattainable. Such
issues are usually resolvable at the end but the process is invariably tedious and painful.
We have experienced similar situations before but they seem endless. So besides the
fact that we bought the land almost two and a half years after that of Dalian, increasingly
stringent building codes will also mean that Kunming will not open until 2018.

We welcome this respite. Since 2010, we have inaugurated one world-class shopping
center per year. Opening six huge facilities in six years is by any standard phenomenal.
No wonder the expansion of our management team could hardly keep up. We were
indeed fortunate that no major mishaps have taken place.

Whereas adding new space will invariably raise the top line from day one, it will not
contribute to profit immediately since it takes time for a shopping center to mature. In fact
it will average down the rental margin. Not adding completed projects for a while will have
the opposite effect. Ironing out the bugs in the newer facilities should raise both the unit
and the total rent. Overall rental margin should improve and more of the top line will flow
through to profit. This is ultimately the main purpose for any business.

As before, we will constantly review market conditions to determine when to construct the
remaining office towers and apartment blocks in Forum 66 and Center 66.

Returning to the more immediate term, the overall consumer market is for now still weak.
The threat of negative reversion in second-tier cities is real and serious. Your management
will have to pull out all the stops to prevent the situation from getting out of hand.
Moreover, enhancement of our two Shanghai properties will present some challenges
although I do not expect the impact to be significant.

There are however some anticipated happy news. Although Hong Kong’s consumption
is weak, we should fare better than the overall market. Asset Enhancement Initiatives
being executed of late are beginning to bear fruit. For example, the next enhancement to
be completed should be the podium at Hang Lung Centre where our headquarters was
located before 1993. H&M will open one of their global flagship stores there towards the
end of this year.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited 13
   All told, I expect our total rents received to grow nicely. The less predictable part of our
   business is Hong Kong property sales. It is difficult to tell at this stage how many more
   completed apartments at The Long Beach we will sell for the rest of the year. Such
   number will impact our bottom line. Most likely the full-year sales figure will be less than
   that of last year when we sold many units at The HarbourSide. Nevertheless, the chances
   are good that we will be able to maintain the high profit margin at The Long Beach as in
   the recent past.

   It saddens me to announce the death of our long-serving director Ms. Laura Chen. After a
   valiant fight of almost a decade, she succumbed to cancer on May 18, 2015. She began
   her career as a banker and eventually became an investor. Her philanthropic work stood
   out as bold and effective in helping to eradicate certain diseases in China. She will be
   sorely missed.

   On a happier note, it gives me great pleasure to welcome Ms. Anita Fung as our new
   independent non-executive director. Anita left HSBC earlier this year. She was its CEO
   Hong Kong where the operation in 2014 accounted for over a third of the Group’s total
   profit. Anita was Group General Manager of HSBC Holdings plc since 2008 and was
   in charge of the Global Banking and Markets business of Asia Pacific. She is widely
   recognized as one of the most seasoned experts in treasury capital markets. I can hardly
   think of a more appropriate person to provide this expertise on our Board.

   Finally, I am pleased to inform shareholders that the Company has continued to garner
   many prestigious awards especially in design, sustainability and corporate governance. A
   full list will be presented at year-end.




   Ronnie C. Chan
   Chairman of the Board of Directors
   Hong Kong, July 30, 2015




14 Hang Lung Properties Limited
Financial Highlights
in HK$ Million (unless otherwise stated)

RESULTS

                                                         For the six months ended June 30
                                                Note               2015             2014                  Change
Turnover                                                           4,607                  4,457               +3%
  Property Leasing                                                 3,862                  3,556               +9%
  Property Sales                                                     745                    901              -17%

Operating Profit                                                   3,523                  3,408               +3%
 Property Leasing                                                  2,961                  2,868               +3%
 Property Sales                                                      562                    540               +4%

Net Profit Attributable to Shareholders                            2,841                  3,217              -12%
Earnings Per Share (HK$)                                           $0.63                  $0.72              -13%
Interim Dividend Per Share (HK$)                                   $0.17                  $0.17                 －

UNDERLYING RESULTS

                                                         For the six months ended June 30
                                                                   2015             2014                  Change
Underlying Net Profit Attributable
 to Shareholders                                  1                2,448                  2,484                -1%
Underlying Earnings Per Share (HK$)               2                $0.55                  $0.55                  －

FINANCIAL POSITION

                                                             At June 30       At December 31
                                                                  2015                 2014               Change
Shareholders’ Equity                                            132,617                 132,327                 －
Net Assets                                                      138,975                 139,003                 －
Net Cash                                          3                 935                   4,848              -81%
Debt to Equity Ratio                              3               25.3%                   25.2%             +0.1pt
Shareholders’ Equity Per Share (HK$)                               $29.6                   $29.5                －
Net Assets Per Share (HK$)                                         $31.0                  $31.0                  －
Notes:
1.       Underlying net profit attributable to shareholders is presented by excluding the effect of adopting Hong
         Kong Accounting Standard 40, Investment Property, which requires changes in fair value of investment
         properties and investment properties under development, net of related deferred tax and non-controlling
         interests, be accounted for in profit or loss.

2.       The relevant calculation is based on underlying net profit attributable to shareholders.

3.       Net cash represents cash and deposits with banks net of bank loans and other borrowings. Equity comprises
         shareholders’ equity and non-controlling interests.




                                                                                          Hang Lung Properties Limited 15
   Review of Operations

   GROUP RESULTS

   For the first six months ended June 30, 2015, overall turnover of the Group increased
   by 3% to HK$4,607 million year-on-year as rental income growth was partly offset by
   smaller property sales turnover. Turnover of our core business, property leasing, rose 9%
   to HK$3,862 million, driven by continual growth from both the mainland China and Hong
   Kong portfolios. Property sales turnover was HK$745 million, representing a 17% drop
   from a year ago. Operating profit of the Group rose 3% to HK$3,523 million.

   Underlying net profit attributable to shareholders decreased by 1% to HK$2,448 million.
   When including a smaller revaluation gain on investment properties compared to the same
   period last year, net profit attributable to shareholders decreased by 12% to HK$2,841
   million. Earnings per share decreased similarly to HK63 cents.


   DIVIDEND

   The Board of Directors has declared an interim dividend of HK17 cents per share (2014:
   HK17 cents) to be paid by cash on September 30, 2015 to shareholders. Details of the
   payment of the interim dividend are set out in “Financial Calendar” on page 55 of this
   interim report.




16 Hang Lung Properties Limited
PROPERTY LEASING

Property leasing achieved a 9% turnover growth to HK$3,862 million in a challenging
business environment in both mainland China and Hong Kong. Operating profit was up
3% year-on-year as profit growth of the Hong Kong portfolio was partly offset by lower
profitability of newly opened properties in mainland China. The overall leasing profit
margin was 77%.


Mainland China

For the first six months of 2015, rental turnover of our mainland China portfolio reached
HK$2,118 million, up 10% when compared to the corresponding period last year. On a
like-for-like basis, turnover was up 1% when excluding new properties which commenced
business since the second half of 2014, including the Riverside 66 shopping mall in
Tianjin, and the office towers at Center 66 in Wuxi and Forum 66 in Shenyang. Operating
profit was maintained at a similar level to last year at HK$1,464 million as newly opened
properties generated lower profits during the startup period. Overall rental margin
retreated seven points to 69%.

Our shopping malls in mainland China collectively recorded an 11% rental income growth
to HK$1,684 million. The portfolio comprises seven malls, including two each in Shanghai
and Shenyang, and one each in Jinan, Wuxi and Tianjin. The rental growth of the malls
was mainly attributable to a 9% rental growth from the two malls in Shanghai, Plaza 66 and
Grand Gateway 66, and contribution from the Riverside 66 shopping mall in Tianjin which
commenced operation last September. The two Shanghai malls were virtually fully let,
accounting for 63% of total turnover of our shopping mall portfolio in mainland China. The
newer malls outside Shanghai cumulatively contributed 16% more in rents, year-on-year.
These malls were either newly opened, or undergoing different stages of tenant or trade
adjustments. Most of them had occupancy rates between 80% to 90% at the balance
sheet date.

The office portfolio, including two office towers at Plaza 66 in Shanghai and one each
at Center 66 in Wuxi and Forum 66 in Shenyang, posted a 3% growth to HK$434 million
during the period. The office tower at Center 66 opened last October, and that at Forum
66 commenced operation in January 2015. With the increase in supply of office space in
Shanghai, rental turnover of the office towers at Plaza 66 decreased by 7% compared to
the last corresponding period.




                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited 17
   Hong Kong

   Our diversified Hong Kong investment properties portfolio was resilient in the face of
   declining overall retail sales in Hong Kong. All the business segments of our portfolio
   recorded turnover and profit growth. Rental turnover rose 7% to HK$1,744 million while
   operating profit was also up 7% to HK$1,497 million. The resulting leasing margin was
   86%.

   The Hong Kong commercial portfolio collected 6% more in rents to HK$1,028 million,
   largely attributable to positive rental reversions. All the malls, which are situated in prime
   locations of Hong Kong, were virtually fully let. Benefitted from positive rental reversions,
   Grand Plaza in Mongkok and Amoy Plaza in Kowloon East both enjoyed a 13% rental
   growth. Despite the renovation impact during the period, the Causeway Bay commercial
   portfolio posted a 5% rental income growth. Our commercial portfolio in Central
   collectively gained 7% in rents year-on-year. The Peak Galleria at the Peak and Kornhill
   Plaza in Hong Kong East collected 5% and 4% more in rents, respectively.

   The entire office portfolio in Hong Kong collected 9% more in rents compared with a year
   ago to HK$559 million. The occupancy rate of the office portfolio improved two points to
   96%. After a series of marketing campaigns, rental turnover of our residential and serviced
   apartments jumped 14% to HK$157 million. Occupancy rates of residential and serviced
   apartments increased by 12 and 6 points to 91% and 60%, respectively.


   PROPERTY SALES

   For the six months ended June 30, 2015, the Group sold a total of 26 apartments (first half
   of 2014: 88 units) and some car parking spaces. Total property sales turnover amounted
   to HK$745 million, down 17% year-on-year. Due to a different product mix, operating profit
   rose 4% to HK$562 million. Overall profit margin realized was 75%.

   Relevant information on the 18 semi-detached houses at 23-39 Blue Pool Road was
   released to the market in April 2015. Those houses will be launched for sale when
   appropriate.




18 Hang Lung Properties Limited
PROPERTY REVALUATION

Our investment properties portfolio was revalued by Savills, an independent valuer, as at
June 30, 2015. Overall, a revaluation gain of HK$427 million was recognized in the first
half of 2015, compared to a gain of HK$748 million in the corresponding period last year.
Our Hong Kong investment properties recorded a revaluation gain of HK$334 million and
the Mainland portfolio had a moderate gain of HK$93 million.


PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT AND CAPITAL COMMITMENT

The total value of investment properties increased by 4% to HK$125 billion. It was largely
attributable to the transfer of the Forum 66 office tower in Shenyang from investment
properties under development upon commencement of operation in early 2015.

The Group has a number of investment properties under construction. They included
projects in Dalian, Kunming, Wuhan and the remaining phases of Shenyang and Wuxi
in mainland China. Those projects comprise shopping malls, office towers, serviced
apartments and hotels, with total gross floor area of 2.6 million square meters. Upon
completion, they will increase the total gross floor area of our portfolio in mainland
China to 4.5 million square meters. They represented the majority of the Group’s capital
commitments amounting to HK$44 billion as at June 30, 2015. The Group has ample
financial resources to meet these commitments, as those projects would take many years
to build out.

Final preparations are underway for the opening of Olympia 66 in Dalian towards the end
of the year. The stunning development comprises almost 222,000 square meters of retail
area and 1,200 car parking spaces.




                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited 19
   LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

   The Group implements sound and prudent financial management strategies. It continues
   to maintain a strong balance sheet with a high degree of agility to meet all commitments
   and obligations.

   As at June 30, 2015, the Group had liquid funds of HK$36,069 million (December 31,
   2014: HK$39,946 million). The majority of the liquid funds were held as RMB bank
   deposits to meet future construction payments in mainland China while earning much
   higher interest income than HKD deposits. The Group also had approximately HK$12,800
   million of committed undrawn banking facilities and a bond issuance platform under the
   Medium Term Note Program established in 2012.

   Total borrowings as at the balance sheet date amounted to HK$35,134 million (December
   31, 2014: HK$35,098 million). Average tenor of the entire loan portfolio was 4.0 years.
   The maturity profile of the Group’s total borrowings as at June 30, 2015 was as follows:
   HK$6,286 million was repayable within one year, HK$2,345 million was repayable in more
   than one year but not exceeding two years, HK$10,728 million was repayable in more than
   two years but not exceeding five years, and HK$15,775 million was repayable beyond five
   years.




20 Hang Lung Properties Limited
The loan portfolio comprised 36% fixed rates bonds, 33% HKD floating rates bank
borrowings and 31% RMB bank loans raised in mainland China. The proportion of fixed
rate bonds has been increased when compared to a year ago so that the risk of any future
increases in interest rates is further mitigated. The coupon rates of the fixed rates bonds
range from 2.95% to 4.75% per annum and the average remaining tenor of the bonds was
6.6 years.

Out of the total fixed rate bonds issued, HK$7,753 million (US$1,000 million) was
denominated in USD. With the Group’s strict policy on management of foreign currency
risk, the related USD foreign exchange exposure was fully covered by cross currency
swap contracts entered into during the current period. The swap contracts were entered
into in order to fix the exchange rate between USD and HKD for future interest payments
and principal repayments. The Group also benefits from interest savings compared to the
coupon rates throughout the remaining tenure of the bonds, but this was only incidental
to the currency hedging objective. However, accounting rules stipulate that the swap
contracts be marked to market value at each balance sheet date. Any differences in the
marked to market valuation between the reporting dates shall be recognized as other
gain or loss for the period. For the six months ended June 30, 2015, the Group’s swap
contracts had unrealized fair value losses amounting to HK$65 million. Any related
valuation gains and losses will be self-correcting at the end of the swap contracts.

At the reporting date, the Group had a net cash balance of HK$935 million. Together with
strong recurring cash flows generated from its operations as well as multiple channels to
raise debt finance if and when needed, the Group is well positioned to meet the funding
needs of all capital commitments and to seize new investment opportunities as they arise.

Assets of the Group were not charged to any third parties as at June 30, 2015. Except
for guarantees given to banks to secure the borrowings drawn by the Company’s
subsidiaries, as disclosed in note 18 of the Notes to the Interim Financial Report, there
were no other contingent liabilities of the Group or Company as at June 30, 2015.




                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited 21
   OUTLOOK

   Barring unforeseen circumstances, the trend of rental growth is likely to continue in the
   second half of the year. Positive rental reversions of the Hong Kong portfolio are expected
   to continue upon progressive completion of asset enhancement initiatives in the Causeway
   Bay and Mongkok portfolios. In mainland China, newly opened investment properties will
   contribute additional leasing income to the Group.

   The Group will continue to closely monitor the residential property market in Hong Kong. It
   will sell some of the residential units on hand when market conditions are favorable.

   Final preparations are taking place for the opening of the Group’s shopping mall in Dalian,
   Olympia 66, in the fourth quarter of 2015.




22 Hang Lung Properties Limited
Other Information

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

We are committed to maintaining highest standards of corporate governance. During the
six-month period ended June 30, 2015, we adopted corporate governance principles
that emphasize a qualified Board of Directors (the “Board”), sound internal controls and
effective risk management to enhance transparency and accountability towards our
stakeholders. The general framework of our corporate governance practices is set out
in our corporate governance report in the 2014 annual report, which is available on our
website.


The Board

The Board currently consists of ten members: comprising three Executive Directors;
one Non-Executive Director; and six Independent Non-Executive Directors. There is a
clear division of responsibilities between the Chairman and the Managing Director. The
Board continues to review its practices from time to time, constantly seeking to improve
the Group’s corporate governance procedures in accordance with international best
practices. An updated list of Board members identifying their roles and functions and
whether they are Independent Non-Executive Directors is maintained on our website and
the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (“HKEx”). The biographical
details of Board members are also maintained on our website.


Nomination and Remuneration Committee

Our Nomination and Remuneration Committee, which is chaired by an Independent Non-
Executive Director, currently consists of three Independent Non-Executive Directors.
The Committee members meet not less than once a year. Its duties include reviewing
significant changes in the salary structure of the Group and terms and conditions affecting
Executive Directors and senior management. The Committee members also conduct
regular reviews of the Board’s structure, size and diversity, and make recommendations to
the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and succession planning of Directors and
suchlike. The terms of reference of the Committee can be accessed on both our website
and the website of HKEx.




                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited 23
   Audit Committee

   Our Audit Committee, which is chaired by an Independent Non-Executive Director,
   consists of two Independent Non-Executive Directors and one Non-Executive Director*.
   The Committee members meet not less than four times a year. Meetings are normally
   attended by external and internal auditors, the chief financial officer and the company
   secretary for the purposes of, inter alia, discussing the nature and scope of internal
   audit work and assessing the Group’s internal controls. The terms of reference of the
   Committee, which include duties regarding corporate governance functions, are available
   on both our website and the website of HKEx. The Audit Committee has reviewed this
   interim report, including the unaudited interim financial report for the six-month period
   ended June 30, 2015, and has recommended their adoption by the Board.

   This interim financial report is unaudited but has been reviewed by KPMG, our auditor,
   in accordance with the Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of
   interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity” issued
   by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. KPMG’s Review Report to the
   Board of the Company is set out on pages 31 to 32 of this interim report.

   *      Subsequently, Ms Anita Y.M. Fung, Independent Non-Executive Director, was appointed a member of the
          Audit Committee on August 4, 2015.



   Compliance with Corporate Governance Code

   During the six-month period ended June 30, 2015, we have complied with the code
   provisions set out in the Corporate Governance Code as stated in Appendix 14 of the
   Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of
   Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).


   Compliance with Model Code contained in Appendix 10 to Listing Rules

   We have adopted a code of conduct with regard to securities transactions by Directors
   (the “Code of Conduct”) on terms that are no less exacting than the required standard set
   out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained
   in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”). The Company has made specific
   enquiries to all Directors and confirmed that they have complied with the required
   standard set out in the Model Code and the Code of Conduct throughout the six-month
   period ended June 30, 2015.




24 Hang Lung Properties Limited
CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS PURSUANT TO LISTING
RULE 13.51B(1)

The changes in information of the Directors are set out below:

Mr Ronald J. Arculli
–    appointed as the chairman of our Nomination and Remuneration Committee*.

Professor P.W. Liu
–    ceased to be a member of the Working Group on Long-Term Fiscal Planning of the
     HKSAR;
–    appointed as the chairman of the Advisory Committee on Post-office Employment for
     Former Chief Executives and Politically Appointed Officials;
–    appointed as an independent director of China Zheshang Bank Co. Ltd. (a non-
     listed company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China);
–    appointed as an independent non-executive director of Hang Lung Group Limited;
     and
–    ceased to be a member of our Audit Committee and the chairman of our Nomination
     and Remuneration Committee*.

Mr Dominic C.F. Ho
–    appointed as the chairman of our Audit Committee*.

Dr Andrew K.C. Chan
–    appointed as a member of our Audit Committee *.

Professor H.K. Chang
–    resigned as an independent non-executive director of Hon Kwok Land Investment
     Company, Limited; and
–    appointed as a member of our Audit Committee and of our Nomination and
     Remuneration Committee*.

Ms Anita Y.M. Fung
–    appointed as Justice of the Peace.

*    The directors’ fees which are subject to review by the Board from time to time pursuant to the power given to
     it by the shareholders of the Company would be adjusted accordingly.


Save as disclosed above, there is no other information to be disclosed pursuant to rule
13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.



                                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited 25
   DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING
   SHARES AND DEBENTURES

   As at June 30, 2015, the interests or short positions of each of the Directors in the shares,
   underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within
   the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were required
   to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Part XV of the SFO or
   pursuant to the Model Code or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by
   the Company under section 352 of the SFO are as follows:

                                                              The Company                                     Hang Lung Group Limited
                                                             (Long Position)                                      (Long Position)
                                                                   % of          Number of                                % of        Number of
                                                               Number          Shares under                           Number        Shares under
                                                 Number       of Issued              Option             Number       of Issued            Option
   Name of Directors            Capacity       of Shares        Shares              (Note 1)          of Shares        Shares            (Note 2)

   Ronnie C. Chan               Personal       5,090,000           0.11           38,730,000          5,090,000            0.38        6,700,000
   Philip N.L. Chen             Personal              －              －            21,500,000                 －               －                －
   Ronald J. Arculli            Personal &       724,346           0.02                   －           1,089,975            0.08               －
                                  Corporate
   P.W. Liu                     Personal &       100,000              －                        －                －            －                 －
                                  Family
   Dominic C.F. Ho              －                       －             －                   －                     －            －                 －
   Nelson W.L. Yuen             Personal                －             －           24,320,000                    －            －                 －
   Andrew K.C. Chan             －                       －             －                   －                     －            －                 －
   H.K. Chang                   －                       －             －                   －                     －            －                 －
   Anita Y.M. Fung              －                       －             －                   －                     －            －                 －
   H.C. Ho                      Personal                －             －           10,450,000                    －            －                 －

   Notes

   1.         Movement of Options under the Share Option Schemes of the Company

              (i)      Share Option Scheme adopted on November 22, 2002

                                                     Number of Shares under Option

                                                                 Exercised                     Exercise Price
              Date Granted                           As at          during             As at       per Share        Vested Dates       Expiry Date
              (mm/dd/yyyy)   Name             Jan 1, 2015       the Period     Jun 30, 2015             (HK$)       (mm/dd/yyyy)      (mm/dd/yyyy)

              11/20/2006     Ronnie C. Chan    2,000,000                  –      2,000,000           $17.14      11/20/2007 : 10%      11/19/2016
                                                                                                                 11/20/2008 : 20%
                                                                                                                 11/20/2009 : 30%
                                                                                                                 11/20/2010 : 40%



26 Hang Lung Properties Limited
1.   Movement of Options under the Share Option Schemes of the Company (continued)

     (i)      Share Option Scheme adopted on November 22, 2002 (continued)

                                              Number of Shares under Option

                                                         Exercised                      Exercise Price
     Date Granted                            As at          during              As at       per Share        Vested Dates     Expiry Date
     (mm/dd/yyyy)   Name               Jan 1, 2015       the Period    Jun 30, 2015              (HK$)        (mm/dd/yyyy)   (mm/dd/yyyy)

     08/21/2007     Ronnie C. Chan      3,640,000                –       3,640,000             $25.00     08/21/2008 : 10%    08/20/2017
                    Nelson W.L. Yuen    3,510,000                –       3,510,000                        08/21/2009 : 20%
                                                                                                          08/21/2010 : 30%
                                                                                                          08/21/2011 : 40%

     08/21/2007     Ronnie C. Chan      5,600,000                –       5,600,000             $25.00     08/21/2009 : 10%    08/20/2017
                    Nelson W.L. Yuen    5,400,000                –       5,400,000                        08/21/2010 : 20%
                                                                                                          08/21/2011 : 30%
                                                                                                          08/21/2012 : 40%

     09/01/2008     H.C. Ho               300,000                –            300,000          $24.20     09/01/2010 : 10%    08/31/2018
                                                                                                          09/01/2011 : 20%
                                                                                                          09/01/2012 : 30%
                                                                                                          09/01/2013 : 40%

     12/31/2008     Ronnie C. Chan      9,240,000                –       9,240,000             $17.36     12/31/2010 : 10%    12/30/2018
                    Nelson W.L. Yuen    8,910,000                –       8,910,000                        12/31/2011 : 20%
                    H.C. Ho               300,000                –            300,000                     12/31/2012 : 30%
                                                                                                          12/31/2013 : 40%

     02/08/2010     Ronnie C. Chan      6,500,000                –       6,500,000             $26.46     02/08/2012 : 10%    02/07/2020
                    Nelson W.L. Yuen    6,500,000                –       6,500,000                        02/08/2013 : 20%
                                                                                                          02/08/2014 : 30%
                                                                                                          02/08/2015 : 40%

     07/29/2010     Philip N.L. Chen   10,000,000                –      10,000,000             $33.05     07/29/2012 : 10%    07/28/2020
                                                                                                          07/29/2013 : 20%
                                                                                                          07/29/2014 : 30%
                                                                                                          07/29/2015 : 40%

     09/29/2010     H.C. Ho             2,000,000                –       2,000,000             $36.90     09/29/2012 : 10%    09/28/2020
                                                                                                          09/29/2013 : 20%
                                                                                                          09/29/2014 : 30%
                                                                                                          09/29/2015 : 40%

     06/13/2011     Ronnie C. Chan      4,500,000                –       4,500,000             $30.79     06/13/2013 : 10%    06/12/2021
                    Philip N.L. Chen    4,500,000                –       4,500,000                        06/13/2014 : 20%
                    H.C. Ho             3,000,000                –       3,000,000                        06/13/2015 : 30%
                                                                                                          06/13/2016 : 40%




                                                                                                         Hang Lung Properties Limited 27
   1.     Movement of Options under the Share Option Schemes of the Company (continued)

          (ii)     Share Option Scheme adopted on April 18, 2012


                                                   Number of Shares under Option

                                                              Exercised                    Exercise Price
          Date Granted                            As at          during            As at       per Share       Vested Dates     Expiry Date
          (mm/dd/yyyy)   Name               Jan 1, 2015       the Period    Jun 30, 2015            (HK$)       (mm/dd/yyyy)   (mm/dd/yyyy)

          #
           06/04/2013    Ronnie C. Chan      4,500,000                –       4,500,000           $28.20    06/04/2015 : 10%    06/03/2023
                         Philip N.L. Chen    4,500,000                –       4,500,000                     06/04/2016 : 20%
                         H.C. Ho             3,000,000                –       3,000,000                     06/04/2017 : 30%
                                                                                                            06/04/2018 : 40%

          #
           12/05/2014    Ronnie C. Chan      2,750,000                –       2,750,000           $22.60    12/05/2016 : 10%    12/04/2024
                         Philip N.L. Chen    2,500,000                –       2,500,000                     12/05/2017 : 20%
                         H.C. Ho             1,850,000                –       1,850,000                     12/05/2018 : 30%
                                                                                                            12/05/2019 : 40%


          #
                   Mr Adriel Wenbwo Chan (a full time employee of the Company and an associate of a director of the
                   Company) was granted and held share options to subscribe for 200,000 shares and 150,000 shares
                   in the Company at respective exercise prices per share of HK$28.20 and HK$22.60.


   2.     Movement of Options under the Share Option Scheme of Hang Lung Group Limited


                                                   Number of Shares under Option

                                                              Exercised                    Exercise Price
          Date Granted                            As at          during            As at       per Share       Vested Dates     Expiry Date
          (mm/dd/yyyy)   Name               Jan 1, 2015       the Period    Jun 30, 2015            (HK$)       (mm/dd/yyyy)   (mm/dd/yyyy)

          11/20/2006     Ronnie C. Chan      6,700,000               －        6,700,000           $20.52    11/20/2007 : 10%    11/19/2016
                                                                                                            11/20/2008 : 20%
                                                                                                            11/20/2009 : 30%
                                                                                                            11/20/2010 : 40%



   Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors of the Company or any of their associates
   had, as at June 30, 2015, any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares
   or debentures of the Company or any associated corporations.

   Other than as stated above, at no time during the six-month period ended June 30,
   2015 was the Company, its holding company or any of their subsidiaries a party to
   any arrangement to enable the Directors of the Company (including their spouses and
   children under 18 years of age) to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares
   in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.



28 Hang Lung Properties Limited
SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at June 30, 2015, details of substantial shareholders’ and other persons’ (who are
required to disclose their interests pursuant to Part XV of the SFO) interests and short
positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register
required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO are as follows:

                                                      Number of Shares or                    % of Number of
                                                    Underlying Shares Held                    Issued Shares
Name                                   Note      Long Position    Short Position     Long Position     Short Position

Chan Tan Ching Fen                       1      2,424,363,340                  －             54.05                 －
Cole Enterprises Holdings (PTC)          1      2,424,363,340                  －             54.05                 －
     Limited (formerly known as
     Cole Enterprises Holdings
     Limited)
Merssion Limited                         1      2,424,363,340                  －             54.05                 －
Hang Lung Group Limited                  2      2,396,030,240                  －             53.42                 －
Prosperland Housing Limited              3      1,267,608,690                  －             30.60                 －
Purotat Limited                          3        354,227,500                  －               8.55                －
Aberdeen Asset Management                4        269,099,608                  －               5.99                －
     Plc and its associates

Notes

1.        These shares were the same parcel of shares held by a trust of which Ms Chan Tan Ching Fen was the
          founder. Cole Enterprises Holdings (PTC) Limited was the trustee of the trust. Cole Enterprises Holdings (PTC)
          Limited and Merssion Limited held 36.79% interests in Hang Lung Group Limited (“HLGL”). The shares held
          by HLGL and its subsidiaries were included in the above-mentioned number of 2,424,363,340.

2.        These shares were held by the wholly-owned subsidiaries of HLGL and as such HLGL was deemed to be
          interested in these shareholdings.

3.        These companies are wholly-owned subsidiaries of HLGL. Their interests were included in the above-
          mentioned number of 2,396,030,240 shares held by HLGL.

4.        These shares were held in the capacity of investment manager. The shareholding of 5.9995% was rounded
          up to 6.00% as shown on the website of HKEx.


Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2015, no other interest required to be recorded
in the register kept under section 336 of the SFO has been notified to the Company.




                                                                                          Hang Lung Properties Limited 29
   PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

   During the six-month period ended June 30, 2015, neither the Company nor any of its
   subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of its listed securities.


   EMPLOYEES

   As at June 30, 2015, the number of employees in the Group was 4,737 (including 1,225
   Hong Kong employees and 3,512 mainland China staff). The total employees’ costs for the
   six-month period ended June 30, 2015 amounted to HK$632 million. The Group provides
   competitive remuneration packages for all employees including discretionary bonuses
   which are payable to the employees based on individual performance. The Group
   regularly reviews the remuneration packages to ensure that they comply with relevant
   regulatory requirements and market conditions. The Group has share option scheme for
   the executives and provides professional and high-quality training for all employees.




30 Hang Lung Properties Limited
Review Report to the Board of Directors of
Hang Lung Properties Limited
(Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the interim financial report set out on pages 33 to 54 which comprises
the consolidated statement of financial position of Hang Lung Properties Limited
(“the Company”) as of June 30, 2015 and the related consolidated income statement,
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes
in equity and condensed consolidated cash flow statement for the six-month period then
ended and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of an interim financial report to be
in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard
34 “Interim financial reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The directors are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
interim financial report in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34.

Our responsibility is to form a conclusion, based on our review, on the interim financial
report and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our
agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review
Engagements 2410 “Review of interim financial information performed by the independent
auditor of the entity” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
A review of the interim financial report consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons
responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other
review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in
accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us
to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be
identified in an audit. Accordingly we do not express an audit opinion.



                                                                       Hang Lung Properties Limited 31
   CONCLUSION

   Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the
   interim financial report as at June 30, 2015 is not prepared, in all material respects, in
   accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 “Interim financial reporting”.




   KPMG
   Certified Public Accountants
   8th Floor, Prince’s Building
   10 Chater Road
   Central, Hong Kong


   July 30, 2015




32 Hang Lung Properties Limited
Consolidated Income Statement
For the six months ended June 30, 2015 (Unaudited)


                                                                     2015             2014
                                                      Note      HK$ Million      HK$ Million

Turnover                                               2(a)          4,607             4,457
Direct costs and operating expenses                                 (1,084)           (1,049)

Gross profit                                                         3,523             3,408

Other net income/(loss)                                 3                8                 (2)
Administrative expenses                                               (330)              (313)

Operating profit before change in fair value
  of investment properties                                           3,201             3,093
Increase in fair value of investment properties                        427               748

Operating profit after change in fair value
 of investment properties                                            3,628             3,841

Interest income                                                        614                428
Finance costs                                                         (528)              (218)

Net interest income                                     4               86               210
Share of profits of joint ventures                                      37                24

Profit before taxation                               2(a) & 5        3,751             4,075
Taxation                                               6(a)           (665)             (634)

Profit for the period                                                3,086             3,441

Attributable to:
  Shareholders                                                       2,841             3,217
  Non-controlling interests                                            245               224

                                                                     3,086             3,441

Earnings per share                                     8(a)
  Basic                                                           HK$0.63           HK$0.72
  Diluted                                                         HK$0.63           HK$0.72

The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report. Details of dividends
payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the period are set out in
note 7.




                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited 33
   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
   For the six months ended June 30, 2015 (Unaudited)


                                                                        2015          2014
                                                         Note     HK$ Million   HK$ Million

   Profit for the period                                               3,086         3,441

   Other comprehensive income                            6(b)

   Item that may be reclassified subsequently
      to profit or loss:
      Exchange difference arising from translation
         of overseas subsidiaries                                         12        (1,248)

   Total comprehensive income for the period                           3,098         2,193

   Total comprehensive income attributable to:
      Shareholders                                                     2,858         2,027
      Non-controlling interests                                          240           166

                                                                       3,098         2,193




   The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.




34 Hang Lung Properties Limited
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At June 30, 2015


                                                      (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                        June 30,    December 31,
                                                            2015               2014
                                               Note   HK$ Million       HK$ Million

Non-current assets
  Fixed assets
     Investment properties                      9        125,307           120,137
     Investment properties under development    9         23,932             25,611
     Other fixed assets                                      292                300

                                                         149,531           146,048
  Interest in joint ventures                               1,229              1,205
  Other assets                                                 5                   6
  Deferred tax assets                                         24                  12

                                                         150,789           147,271

Current assets
  Cash and deposits with banks                 10         36,069             39,946
  Trade and other receivables                  11          1,297              1,916
  Properties for sale                                      3,933              4,046

                                                          41,299             45,908

Current liabilities
  Bank loans and other borrowings              12          6,286              5,657
  Trade and other payables                     13          6,740              7,906
  Taxation payable                                         1,564              1,581

                                                          14,590             15,144

Net current assets                                        26,709             30,764

Total assets less current liabilities                    177,498           178,035




                                                            Hang Lung Properties Limited 35
                                                                (Unaudited)         (Audited)
                                                                  June 30,      December 31,
                                                                        2015            2014
                                                    Note       HK$ Million        HK$ Million

   Non-current liabilities
      Bank loans and other borrowings                12                28,848         29,441
      Deferred tax liabilities                                          9,675          9,591

                                                                       38,523         39,032

   NET ASSETS                                                      138,975           139,003

   Capital and reserves
      Share capital                                  14                39,667         39,663
      Reserves                                                         92,950         92,664

   Shareholders’ equity                                            132,617           132,327
   Non-controlling interests                                            6,358          6,676

   TOTAL EQUITY                                                    138,975           139,003




   The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.




36 Hang Lung Properties Limited
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the six months ended June 30, 2015 (Unaudited)


                                                       Shareholders’ equity
                                                                                                Non-
                                             Share        Other    Retained                controlling     Total
                                             capital   reserves       profits      Total    interests     equity
                                         HK$ Million HK$ Million HK$ Million HK$ Million HK$ Million HK$ Million
                                           (Note 14)   (Note 16)   (Note 16)

At January 1, 2015                           39,663       8,151      84,513     132,327        6,676     139,003

Profit for the period                            －           －        2,841       2,841          245       3,086

Exchange difference arising from
  translation of overseas subsidiaries           －           17           －          17            (5)       12

Total comprehensive income
  for the period                                 －           17       2,841       2,858          240       3,098

Final dividends in respect of
  previous financial year                        －           －       (2,646)     (2,646)           －      (2,646)

Issue of shares                                   4          (1)          －           3            －           3

Employee share-based payments                    －           64           11         75            －         75

Dividends paid to
  non-controlling interests                      －           －            －          －           (558)      (558)

At June 30, 2015                             39,667       8,231      84,719     132,617        6,358     138,975




The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.




                                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited 37
                                                          Shareholders’ equity
                                                                                                   Non-
                                                 Share       Other    Retained                controlling     Total
                                                capital   reserves      profits       Total     interests    equity
                                            HK$ Million HK$ Million HK$ Million HK$ Million HK$ Million HK$ Million
                                              (Note 14)   (Note 16)   (Note 16)

   At January 1, 2014                            4,479      43,944      76,111     124,534         6,633    131,167

   Transition to no-par value regime
     on March 3, 2014                           35,100     (35,100)         －           －             －          －

   Profit for the period                            －           －        3,217       3,217           224      3,441

   Exchange difference arising from
     translation of overseas subsidiaries           －       (1,190)         －       (1,190)          (58)    (1,248)

   Total comprehensive income
     for the period                                 －       (1,190)      3,217       2,027           166      2,193

   Final dividends in respect of
     previous financial year                        －           －       (2,601)     (2,601)           －      (2,601)

   Issue of shares                                  82         (13)         －           69            －         69

   Employee share-based payments                    －           37          40          77            －         77

   At June 30, 2014                             39,661       7,678      76,767     124,106         6,799    130,905




   The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.



38 Hang Lung Properties Limited
Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
For the six months ended June 30, 2015 (Unaudited)


                                                                    2015             2014
                                                               HK$ Million      HK$ Million

Operating activities
 Cash generated from operations                                       3,037           4,806
 Income tax paid                                                       (613)           (508)

Net cash generated from operating activities                          2,424           4,298

Investing activities
  Payment for fixed assets                                           (3,018)         (2,335)
  (Increase)/Decrease in bank deposits
     with maturity greater than three months                         (8,621)            243
  Other cash flows arising from investing activities                    649             529

Net cash used in investing activities                               (10,990)         (1,563)

Financing activities
  Proceeds from new bank loans and other borrowings                   2,917           7,331
  Repayments of bank loans                                           (2,918)         (4,206)
  Interest and other borrowing costs paid                              (748)           (623)
  Dividends paid                                                     (2,646)         (2,601)
  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                          (558)             －
  Other cash flows arising from financing activities                      3              69

Net cash used in financing activities                                (3,950)             (30)

(Decrease)/Increase in cash and cash equivalents                    (12,516)          2,705

Effect of foreign exchange rate change                                   18             (660)

Cash and cash equivalents at January 1                              39,887           33,761

Cash and cash equivalents at June 30                                27,389           35,806

Analysis of the balance of cash and cash equivalents:

Cash and deposits with banks                                        36,069           36,119
Less: Bank deposits with maturity greater than three months         (8,680)            (313)

Cash and cash equivalents                                           27,389           35,806


The accompanying notes form part of the interim financial report.



                                                                    Hang Lung Properties Limited 39
   Notes

   1.     BASIS OF PREPARATION

          The unaudited interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Accounting
          Standard (“HKAS”) 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
          Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the applicable disclosure provisions of Appendix 16 of the Rules Governing
          the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

          The preparation of interim financial report in conformity with HKAS 34 requires management to make
          judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets,
          liabilities, income and expenses on a year to date basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

          The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG in accordance with Hong
          Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of interim financial information performed by the
          independent auditor of the entity” issued by the HKICPA. KPMG’s independent review report to the Board of
          Directors is included on pages 31 to 32.

          The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the same accounting policies adopted in
          the 2014 annual financial statements.

          The HKICPA has issued certain amendments to Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) that
          are first effective for the current accounting period of the Group. The adoption of these revised HKFRSs does
          not have significant impact on the Group’s interim financial report.


   2.     TURNOVER AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

          The Group manages its businesses according to the nature of services and products provided. Management
          has determined three reportable operating segments for the measurement of performance and the allocation
          of resources. The segments are property leasing in Hong Kong and mainland China and property sales in
          Hong Kong.

          The property leasing segment relates to the leasing of the Group’s investment properties portfolio in Hong
          Kong and mainland China, which consists of commecial/mall, office, residential, serviced apartments and
          carparks. The property sales segment relates to the development and sale of the Group’s trading properties
          in Hong Kong.

          Management evaluates performance primarily based on profit before taxation.

          Segment assets principally comprise all non-current assets and current assets directly attributable to each
          segment with the exception of interest in joint ventures, other assets, deferred tax assets and cash and
          deposits with banks. The investment properties of the Group are included in segment assets at their fair
          values whilst the change in fair value of investment properties is not included in segment profits.




40 Hang Lung Properties Limited
2.   TURNOVER AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

     (a)   Turnover and results by segments

                                                          Turnover                Profit before taxation
                                                       2015           2014          2015                   2014
                                                HK$ Million     HK$ Million   HK$ Million        HK$ Million

           Segment
           Property leasing
             – Mainland China                         2,118          1,933         1,464               1,470
             – Hong Kong                              1,744          1,623         1,497               1,398

                                                      3,862          3,556         2,961               2,868
           Property sales
             – Hong Kong                                  745          901           562                    540

           Segment total                              4,607          4,457         3,523               3,408

           Other net income/(loss)                                                      8                    (2)
           Administrative expenses                                                  (330)                  (313)

           Operating profit before change in fair value
             of investment properties                                              3,201               3,093
           Increase in fair value of investment properties                           427                    748

             – property leasing in Hong Kong                                         334                    712
             – property leasing in mainland China                                      93                    36


           Interest income                                                           614                    428
           Finance costs                                                            (528)                  (218)

           Net interest income                                                        86                    210
           Share of profits of joint ventures                                         37                     24

           Profit before taxation                                                  3,751               4,075




                                                                                Hang Lung Properties Limited 41
   2.     TURNOVER AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

          (b)    Total assets by segments

                                                                                          Total assets
                                                                                      June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                         2015              2014
                                                                                   HK$ Million       HK$ Million

                 Segment
                 Property leasing
                   – Mainland China                                                    93,223             90,161
                   – Hong Kong                                                         57,384             56,818

                                                                                      150,607            146,979

                 Property sales
                   – Hong Kong                                                           4,154             5,031

                 Segment total                                                        154,761            152,010
                 Interest in joint ventures                                              1,229             1,205
                 Other assets                                                                5                6
                 Deferred tax assets                                                       24                12
                 Cash and deposits with banks                                          36,069             39,946

                 Total assets                                                         192,088            193,179



   3.     OTHER NET INCOME/(LOSS)

                                                                                         2015              2014
                                                                                   HK$ Million       HK$ Million

          Gain on disposal of investment properties                                        67                 3
          Loss on remeasurement of derivative financial instruments (note)                 (65)               －
          Net exchange gain/(loss)                                                           6                (5)

                                                                                             8                (2)


          Note: Derivative financial instruments represent cross currency swaps, which were entered into for the
                 purpose of fixing the exchange rate for the Medium Term Notes denominated in USD.




42 Hang Lung Properties Limited
4    NET INTEREST INCOME

                                                                  2015            2014
                                                            HK$ Million     HK$ Million

     Interest income on bank deposits                              614             428

     Interest expenses on borrowings                               716             623
     Other borrowing costs                                          48              40

     Total borrowing costs                                         764             663
     Less: Borrowing costs capitalized                            (236)           (445)

     Finance costs                                                 528             218

     Net interest income                                            86             210



5.   PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION

                                                                  2015            2014
                                                            HK$ Million     HK$ Million

     Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging:
     Cost of properties sold                                       113             267
     Staff costs, including employee share-based payments
       of HK$75 million (2014: HK$77 million)                      632             538
     Depreciation                                                   24              23




                                                             Hang Lung Properties Limited 43
   6.     TAXATION

          (a)    Provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% (2014: 16.5%) of the estimated assessable
                 profits for the period. China Income Tax mainly represents China Corporate Income Tax calculated
                 at 25% (2014: 25%) and China withholding income tax at the applicable rates. A withholding tax of
                 5% is levied on the Hong Kong companies in respect of dividend distributions arising from profits of
                 foreign investment enterprises in mainland China earned after January 1, 2008.

                                                                                             2015              2014
                                                                                       HK$ Million       HK$ Million

                 Current tax
                   Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                       265               250
                   China Income Tax                                                            331               344

                                                                                               596               594

                 Deferred tax
                   Change in fair value of investment properties                                  24                  9
                   Other origination and reversal of temporary differences                        45              31

                                                                                                  69              40

                 Total income tax expense                                                      665               634


          (b)    There is no tax effect relating to the component of the other comprehensive income for the period.


   7.     DIVIDENDS

          (a)    Interim dividend

                                                                                             2015              2014
                                                                                       HK$ Million       HK$ Million

                 Proposed after the end of the reporting period:
                   HK17 cents (2014: HK17 cents) per share                                     763               762


                 The dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognized as a liability at
                 the end of the reporting period.


          (b)    Final dividend approved and paid during the period

                                                                                             2015              2014
                                                                                       HK$ Million       HK$ Million

                 2014 Final dividend of HK59 cents
                   (2013: HK58 cents) per share                                              2,646             2,601




44 Hang Lung Properties Limited
8.   EARNINGS PER SHARE

     (a)   The calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share is based on the following data:

                                                                                        2015               2014
                                                                                 HK$ Million         HK$ Million

           Earnings for calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share
             net profit attributable to shareholders                                   2,841              3,217


                                                                                     Number of shares
                                                                                        2015               2014
                                                                                      Million            Million

           Weighted average number of shares used in calculating
             basic earnings per share                                                  4,485              4,481
           Effect of dilutive potential shares - share options                            －                   2

           Weighted average number of shares used in calculating
             diluted earnings per share                                                4,485              4,483


     (b)   The underlying net profit attributable to shareholders which excluded changes in fair value of
           investment properties net of related deferred tax and non-controlling interests, is calculated as
           follows:

                                                                                        2015               2014
                                                                                 HK$ Million         HK$ Million

           Net profit attributable to shareholders                                     2,841              3,217

           Effect of changes in fair value of investment properties                     (427)              (748)
           Effect of corresponding deferred tax                                           24                  9
           Effect of change in fair value of investment properties
             of joint ventures                                                             (8)                (1)

                                                                                        (411)              (740)
           Non-controlling interests                                                      18                  7

                                                                                        (393)              (733)

           Underlying net profit attributable to shareholders                          2,448              2,484


           The earnings per share based on underlying net profit attributable to shareholders are:

                                                                                        2015               2014

           Basic                                                                    HK$0.55            HK$0.55
           Diluted                                                                  HK$0.55            HK$0.55




                                                                                   Hang Lung Properties Limited 45
   9.     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND INVESTMENT PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT


          (a)    Additions

                 During the period, additions to investment properties and investment properties under development
                 amounted to HK$3,061 million (2014: HK$2,650 million).


          (b)    Valuation

                 The investment properties and investment properties under development of the Group were revalued
                 as at June 30, 2015 by Mr. Charles C.K. Chan, Registered Professional Surveyor (General Practice),
                 of Savills Valuation and Professional Services Limited, on a market value basis.


   10.    CASH AND DEPOSITS WITH BANKS

          At the end of the reporting period, the Group had cash and deposits with banks with currency denominated
          in:

                                                                                           June 30,     December 31,
                                                                                              2015              2014
                                                                                        HK$ Million       HK$ Million

          Hong Kong Dollars equivalent of:
          Renminbi                                                                          32,747            35,515
          Hong Kong Dollars                                                                   3,317            4,425
          United States Dollars                                                                     5              6

                                                                                            36,069            39,946


          The Group holds Renminbi bank deposits to meet its ongoing payment obligations in relation to its
          development projects in mainland China.

          After deducting bank loans and other borrowings from cash and deposits, the net cash position of the Group
          at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

                                                                                           June 30,     December 31,
                                                                                              2015              2014
                                                                                        HK$ Million       HK$ Million

          Cash and deposits                                                                 36,069            39,946
          Less: Bank loans and other borrowings                                             (35,134)         (35,098)

          Net cash                                                                              935            4,848




46 Hang Lung Properties Limited
11.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

      (a)    Included in trade and other receivables are trade receivables (based on the due date) with the
             following aging analysis:

                                                                                      June 30,    December 31,
                                                                                         2015               2014
                                                                                   HK$ Million       HK$ Million

             Current and within 1 month                                                    256             1,007
             1 - 3 months                                                                   17                 7
             Over 3 months                                                                  11                 8

                                                                                           284             1,022


             The balance of bad and doubtful debts is insignificant. The Group maintains a defined credit policy
             including stringent credit evaluation and payment of a rental deposit from tenants. In addition to the
             payment of rental deposits, tenants are required to pay monthly rents in respect of leased properties
             in advance. Proceeds from property sales are receivable pursuant to the terms of the sale and
             purchase agreements. Except for sale of properties developed by the Group, it does not hold any
             collateral over the receivables. Receivables are regularly reviewed and closely monitored to minimize
             any associated credit risk.

      (b)    Included in other receivables of the Group is deposit of land acquisition in mainland China of HK$317
             million (December 31, 2014: HK$317 million).


12.   BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

      At the end of the reporting period, the Group had HK$12,803 million (December 31, 2014: $18,139 million) of
      committed undrawn banking facilities.

      In addition, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company has a US$3 billion (December 31, 2014: US$3 billion)
      Medium Term Note Program (the “Program”). At the end of the reporting period, the Group issued in total
      an equivalent of HK$12,741 million (December 31, 2014: $12,743 million) of bonds with coupon rates which
      ranged from 2.95% to 4.75% (December 31, 2014: 2.95% to 4.75%) per annum under the Program.




                                                                                     Hang Lung Properties Limited 47
   13.    TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

          Included in trade and other payables are trade creditors with the following aging analysis:

                                                                                           June 30,       December 31,
                                                                                               2015               2014
                                                                                        HK$ Million         HK$ Million

          Due within 1 month                                                                  3,339               4,297
          Due after 3 months                                                                    629                 565

                                                                                              3,968               4,862



   14.    SHARE CAPITAL

          Under the new Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622), which commenced operation on March 3,
          2014, the concepts of “authorized share capital” and “par value” no longer exist. As part of the transition
          to the no-par value regime, the amounts standing to the credit of the share premium account and the
          capital redemption reserve on March 3, 2014 have become part of the Company’s share capital, under the
          transitional provisions set out in section 37 of Schedule 11 to the new Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap.
          622). These changes do not have an impact on the number of shares in issue or the relative entitlement of
          any of the members.

          Movements of the Company’s ordinary shares are set out below:

                                                               June 30, 2015                 December 31, 2014
                                                          Number of        Amount of       Number of         Amount of
                                                              shares    share capital          shares      share capital
                                                              Million    HK$ Million           Million      HK$ Million

          Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:

          At January 1                                         4,485           39,663           4,479             4,479
          Shares issued under share option scheme                 －                 4                 6              84
          Transition to no-par value regime
            on March 3, 2014                                      －                －               －             35,100

          At June 30/December 31                               4,485           39,667           4,485            39,663




48 Hang Lung Properties Limited
15.   SHARE OPTION SCHEMES

      The share option scheme adopted by the Company on November 22, 2002 (the “2002 Share Option
      Scheme”) was terminated upon the adoption of a new share option scheme on April 18, 2012 (the “2012
      Share Option Scheme”). No further options shall be offered under the 2002 Share Option Scheme, but all
      options granted prior to such termination and not exercised at the date of termination shall remain valid. The
      share options granted under the above two share option schemes to the directors and employees are at
      nominal consideration and each share option gives the holder the right to subscribe for one share.

      The movements of share options of the Company during the period are as follows:

      (a)    2002 Share Option Scheme

                                                      Number of share options                                 Period during
                                    Outstanding on                      Forfeited/   Outstanding on           which options   Exercise
             Date granted           January 1, 2015   Exercised           Lapsed     June 30, 2015          are exercisable      price
                                                                                                                                 (HK$)

             November 14, 2006 to        4,125,000      (20,000)                －        4,105,000    November 14, 2007 to     16.75 -
               March 19, 2007                                                                               March 18, 2017      22.55

             August 21, 2007 to         40,268,000    (146,000)                 －       40,122,000       August 21, 2008 to    17.36 -
               December 31, 2008                                                                        December 30, 2018       27.90

             February 8, 2010 to        13,380,000           －                  －       13,380,000      February 8, 2012 to    26.46 -
               June 1, 2010                                                                                   May 31, 2020      27.27

             July 29, 2010 to           33,840,000           －          (278,000)       33,562,000         July 29, 2012 to    30.79 -
               June 13, 2011                                                                                 June 12, 2021      36.90

             Total                      91,613,000    (166,000)         (278,000)       91,169,000


             All the above options may vest after one/two to five years of the grant date and are exercisable up
             to the tenth anniversary of the date of grant, after which they will lapse. No options were cancelled
             during the period.

             No share options were exercised by the directors during the period. The weighted average closing
             price of the shares immediately before the dates of exercise by the employees during the period was
             HK$24.87.

             The weighted average share price at the dates of exercise for share options during the period was
             HK$25.10.




                                                                                                      Hang Lung Properties Limited 49
   15.    SHARE OPTION SCHEMES (continued)

          (b)    2012 Share Option Scheme

                                                      Number of share options                                Period during
                                    Outstanding on                      Forfeited/   Outstanding on         which options    Exercise
                 Date granted       January 1, 2015   Exercised           Lapsed     June 30, 2015         are exercisable      price
                                                                                                                                (HK$)

                 June 4, 2013           33,550,000          －           (860,000)       32,690,000         June 4, 2015 to     28.20
                                                                                                             June 3, 2023
                 December 5, 2014       32,470,000          －           (640,000)       31,830,000    December 5, 2016 to      22.60
                                                                                                        December 4, 2024

                 Total                  66,020,000          －          (1,500,000)      64,520,000


                 All the above options may vest after two to five years of the grant date and are exercisable up to
                 the tenth anniversary of the date of grant, after which they will lapse. No options were granted nor
                 cancelled during the period.




50 Hang Lung Properties Limited
                                  16.   RESERVES

                                                                                                  Other reserves
                                                                                                          Employee
                                                                                                        share-based
                                                                                     Exchange          compensation                       Retained          Total
                                                                                       reserve               reserve           Total         profits     reserves
                                                                                    HK$ Million          HK$ Million      HK$ Million    HK$ Million   HK$ Million

                                        At January 1, 2015                               7,490                     661         8,151         84,513        92,664

                                        Profit for the period                               －                       －             －           2,841         2,841

                                        Exchange difference arising from
                                          translation of overseas subsidiaries              17                      －             17             －             17


                                        Total comprehensive income for the period           17                      －             17          2,841         2,858

                                        Final dividends in respect of
                                          previous financial year                           －                       －             －          (2,646)       (2,646)

                                        Issue of shares                                     －                       (1)            (1)           －              (1)

                                        Employee share-based payments                       －                       64            64             11            75

                                        At June 30, 2015                                 7,507                     724         8,231         84,719        92,950




Hang Lung Properties Limited 51
                                  16.   RESERVES (continued)

                                                                                                                 Other reserves
                                                                                                                                      Employee
                                                                                                       Capital                      share-based
                                                                                         Share     redemption        Exchange      compensation                    Retained           Total
                                                                                      premium         reserve          reserve           reserve         Total        profits      reserves
                                                                                    HK$ Million    HK$ Million      HK$ Million      HK$ Million    HK$ Million   HK$ Million    HK$ Million
                                                                                         (Note)         (Note)
52 Hang Lung Properties Limited



                                        At January 1, 2014                              33,031          2,066             8,265             582         43,944        76,111        120,055

                                        Transition to no-par value regime
                                          on March 3, 2014                             (33,034)        (2,066)               －                －        (35,100)           －         (35,100)

                                        Profit for the period                               －              －                 －                －             －          3,217          3,217

                                        Exchange difference arising from
                                          translation of overseas subsidiaries              －              －             (1,190)              －         (1,190)           －          (1,190)


                                        Total comprehensive income for the period           －              －             (1,190)              －         (1,190)        3,217          2,027

                                        Final dividends in respect of
                                          previous financial year                           －              －                 －                －             －         (2,601)        (2,601)

                                        Issue of shares                                      3             －                 －               (16)          (13)           －             (13)

                                        Employee share-based payments                       －              －                 －               37             37            40             77

                                        At June 30, 2014                                    －              －              7,075             603          7,678        76,767         84,445


                                        Note:

                                        Prior to March 3, 2014, the application of the share premium account and the capital redemption reserve was governed by sections 48B and 49H
                                        respectively of the predecessor Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32). In accordance with the transitional provisions set out in section 37 of
                                        Schedule 11 to the new Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622), on March 3, 2014 any amount standing to the credit of the share premium account
                                        and the capital redemption reserve has become part of the Company’s share capital. The use of share capital as from March 3, 2014 is governed by the
                                        new Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622).
17.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      The fair value of the Group’s financial instruments is measured at the end of the reporting period on a
      recurring basis, categorized into the three-level fair value hierarchy as defined in HKFRS 13 “Fair value
      measurement”. The level into which a fair value measurement is classified and determined with reference to
      the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation technique is as follows:

      •      Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in
             active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date.

      •      Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to meet
             level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which
             market data are not available.

      •      Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs.


      (a)    Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value

             Derivative financial instruments are recognized initially at fair value. At the end of each reporting
             period, the fair value is remeasured. The gain or loss on remeasurement of fair value is recognized
             immediately in the consolidated income statement.

             The fair value of cross currency swaps as at June 30, 2015 of HK$65 million (December 31, 2014: Nil)
             in Level 2 is determined based on the amount that the Group would receive or pay to terminate the
             swaps at the end of the reporting period taking into account current interest rates and current market
             conditions.

             During the six months ended 30 June 2015, there were no transfers of instruments between Level 1
             and Level 2, or transfers into or out of Level 3.


      (b)    Financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value

             The fair value of trade and other receivables, trade and other payables, cash and deposits with
             banks, bank loans and other borrowings are considered approximate to their carrying amounts at the
             end of the reporting period.




                                                                                        Hang Lung Properties Limited 53
   18.    CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

          At the end of the reporting period, contingent liabilities of the Company were as follows:

                                                                                            June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                                2015              2014
                                                                                         HK$ Million      HK$ Million

          Guarantees given to banks to secure borrowings drawn by subsidiaries                35,417             35,418



   19.    COMMITMENTS

          At the end of the reporting period, capital commitments not provided for in the interim financial report were
          as follows:

                                                                                            June 30,   December 31,
                                                                                                2015              2014
                                                                                         HK$ Million      HK$ Million

          Contracted for                                                                       1,839              3,445
          Authorized but not contracted for                                                   41,831             43,132

                                                                                              43,670             46,577


          The above commitments mainly represent the land costs and construction related costs to be incurred in
          respect of the Group’s development of its investment properties in various cities in mainland China.


   20.    REVIEW AND APPROVAL OF INTERIM FINANCIAL REPORT

          The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by the Audit Committee. It was authorized
          for issue by the Board of Directors on July 30, 2015.




54 Hang Lung Properties Limited
Information for Investors
FINANCIAL CALENDAR

Financial period                                      January 1, 2015 to June 30, 2015
Announcement of interim results                                           July 30, 2015
Latest time for lodging transfers                     4:30 p.m. on September 14, 2015
Closure of share register                 September 15 to 16, 2015 (both days inclusive)
Record date for interim dividend                                   September 16, 2015
Payment date for interim dividend                                  September 30, 2015

SHARE LISTING

As at June 30, 2015, 4,485,475,670 shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited. It has a sponsored American Depositary Receipt (ADR) Program in the
New York market.

STOCK CODE

Hong Kong Stock Exchange                                                       00101
Reuters                                                                      0101.HK
Bloomberg                                                                      101HK
CUSIP Number/Ticker Symbol for ADR Code                              41043M104/HLPPY

SHARE INFORMATION

Share price as at June 30, 2015: HK$23.05
Market capitalization as at June 30, 2015: HK$103.39 billion

SHARE REGISTRAR

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
17M Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
Tel: 2862 8555
Fax: 2865 0990

INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT

C.F. Kwan
Email address: ir@hanglung.com



                                                                  Hang Lung Properties Limited 55
                                  THIS IS INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK




56 Hang Lung Properties Limited
