annual report




          FOR THE YEAR ENDED
                31 MARCH 2020
ME TODAY LIMITED (FORMERLY CSM GROUP LIMITED)
         contents
 5   chairman & ceo report
15   directors’ profiles
19   financial statements
     20 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

     21 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUIT Y

     22 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

     23 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

     25 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     48 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




53   shareholder &
     statutory information

61   corporate governance
     & company directory
chairman &
 ceo report
6   me | today annual report | chairman & ceo report
Dear Shareholder,
Welcome to the first annual report
of the Me Today Group as a listed
company. Effective from the 31 March
2020 and after a successful shareholder
vote the new group completed a
reverse listing transaction into the
previously listed CSM Group Limited.


ABOUT THE ME TODAY GROUP
The Me Today Group owns and operates the            October 2019 the founders worked closely with
Me Today brand and The Good Brand Company.          their product innovation manger, a naturopath, a
Me Today is a New Zealand founded and based         regulatory consultant and contract manufacturers
health and wellness brand that produces premium     when formulating both the supplement and
quality products clearly linking supplements and    skincare ranges.
natural skincare. The Good Brand Company was
                                                    During this investment stage the Me Today
established to sell and market third party brands
                                                    brand secured ranging with Green Cross health
within the health and wellness space. The Good
                                                    to launch into its pharmacy network of Life and
Brand Company represents the Me Today brand
                                                    Unichem pharmacies across New Zealand. At the
and other agency branded businesses.
                                                    30th of April 2020 Me Today was listed in 200 of
The Me Today brand was developed by founders        these pharmacies.
Michael Kerr, Grant Baker and Stephen Sinclair,
                                                    The Me Today brand was launched on 1 November
all have previous experience in growing brands,
                                                    2019 and the company has been excited with the
such as 42 Below Vodka, Ecoya, Trilogy Skincare
                                                    sales since launch and the interaction with the
and Swisse. In Me Today we believe there is
                                                    brand across all channels including in store with
opportunity to create a fresh, new modern
                                                    pharmacy owners and staff.
brand in the wellness space sitting across both
supplements and skincare.                           The Good Brand Company complements the
                                                    offering of Me Today and has a network of sales
Me Today was created in Auckland, New Zealand
                                                    staff servicing pharmacies and health stores
with the founders working with creative design
                                                    nationwide. Alongside Me Today it represents
agencies, associates in the health and wellness
                                                    three agency brands, Life Space, Artemis and
sector, consumers and through research in the
                                                    Sleep Drops.
marketplace. Over a ten-month period to 31



                                                          chairman & ceo report | me | today annual report   7
    NEW BOARD OF DIRECTORS
    On completion of the reverse listing the group         directors Antony Vriens and Hannah Barrett have
    announced the appointment of a new board of            joined the board.
    six directors. The founders, Michael Kerr, Stephen
                                                           The group is excited by the breadth of experience
    Sinclair and Grant Baker, have become directors
                                                           and skill set that the new board brings to the
    of the company. Roger Gower, an existing director
                                                           business. A brief biography of each of the
    of the CSM Group, has remained on the board as
                                                           directors is set out on page 15.
    an independent director. Two new independent




    FINANCIAL RESULT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 M ARCH 2020
    The financial result for the year ended 31 March       The strategy of the group into FY21 is to
    2020 shows revenue of $639k before deducting           aggressively grow the Me Today brand. The
    the cost of marketing services provided to a           group will continue to focus on building brand
    customer, reported revenue of $566k and an             awareness and trust and communicating key
    operating loss of $815k. Trading of the group          messaging. Communication will be through a
    is made up of the sale of Me Today branded             wide variety of mediums from the presence of the
    products and the agency business of The Good           brand in store to how the brand is perceived and
    Brand Company. Both business units recorded            interreacted with online, in social media channels
    trading losses due to the start up nature of           and above the line.
    activity. In the case of Me Today the focus is on
                                                           Investment will also be made into the Good
    growing the brand footprint, cut through and
                                                           Brand company sales network to ensure there is
    expansion through the Green Cross network.
                                                           a platform to continue to deliver growth of the
    The Good Brand Company is investing in a sales
                                                           Me Today and third-party agency brands.
    network to represent the Me Today brand and the
    third-party agency brands.                             The execution of this strategy will mean that the
                                                           group will remain loss making through FY21.
    In addition to the operating costs the group
    incurred reverse listing expenses of $191k and a       The group had cash at 31 March 2020 of $4.2m to
    reverse listing share based payment expense of         support the planned growth strategy.
    $3.98m which results in an overall loss for the year
    of $4.98m.




    NEW PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
    FY21 sees a strong pipeline of new product             The challenging environment created by
    development for the Me Today brand with the            the Covid-19 pandemic has meant that the
    launch of the Me Today Protect+ Mist Hand              momentum gained from initial launch could not
    Sanitiser 100ml in May and nine new products           be maintained given the lockdown restrictions
    to be launched within the supplement range             placed within New Zealand. The pharmacy
    during the June – September period. The new            channel remained open through lockdown
    supplements will expand the Me Today range to          however the main priority of pharmacies was to
    include key single ingredient high dose offerings,     deliver over the counter prescriptions. Through
    such as: Vitamin C, Magnesium, Vitamin B12, & D3       levels 4 and 3 there were limited customers
    along with Grapeseed, Ashwagandha, Cranberry           shopping for product.
    and Gingko products. Me Today will also launch
                                                           However, the team has been very busy working
    a sight related complex product to further
                                                           remotely in preparation for a release of the
    strengthen the current range of lifestyle/needs
                                                           restrictions. As mentioned above under the
    based and targeted products.



8   me | today annual report | chairman & ceo report
Me Today brand we have just released a new           an in-house social/digital marketer and have
hand sanitiser which forms part of the Protect       appointed a senior sales manager to work with
Skincare range and will launch 9 new supplement      the existing group of territory managers within
products during the July – September period          The Good Brand Company, we welcome these two
taking the Me Today portfolio of products from 20    new members to our team.
to 30 products in the first half of FY21.
                                                     We are excited by commencing the journey as a
Given that health and wellness is more than          new company listed on the NZX and look forward
ever top of mind we believe that the group is        to the partnership with our shareholders in
very well positioned to expand and grow in the       creating a truly iconic New Zealand health and
current environment. Strong and fully operating      wellbeing business.
pharmacy and health store channels are an
                                                     On the following two pages we have listed the full
important pillar in delivering this success. At
                                                     suite of Me Today products included within the
the date of writing this report New Zealand was
                                                     current Me Today Supplement product range, the
reducing restrictions creating more freedom for
                                                     Me Today Women’s Daily Skincare range and the
consumers to enter the retail market again.
                                                     Me Today Protect Skincare range.
Given the backdrop of the Covid-19 pandemic,
New Zealand will remain the focus for Me Today
for the financial year ahead. The brand has
great opportunity for growth in the New Zealand
market and the group wants to cement a position
of strength in the local market before fully
embarking on international expansion plans.
Accessing the Chinese market remains top of
mind as this can be accessed through the local NZ
                                                     Michael Kerr			                    Grant Baker
community of daigou traders. The group also has
                                                     CEO				Chairman
contacts on the ground in China who are assisting
with listing product on the T-mall platform as
well as engaging with Chinese based marketing
specialists.

We have also had inbound enquiry from other
markets around the world and are looking to
continue discussions with the pharmacy channel
in Australia. Discussions will be ongoing and
when global restrictions start to lift, and the
timing is right the group will look to formalise
arrangements in overseas markets.

The online channel is an important medium in
terms of online sales through www.metoday.com
as well as building the profile of the Me Today
brand through Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn,
Google and other above the line activations. The
brand is active in pursuing sales and awareness
through these channels and will continue to invest
into and build its presence online.

The team of employees are an integral part of
the success of the group and we would like to
acknowledge their efforts in achieving so much
in a short period of time. We will continue to
add to the team throughout the year at times
appropriate for the rate of growth of both sales
and breadth of brand. Just recently we added



                                                           chairman & ceo report | me | today annual report   9
10   me | today annual report | chairman & ceo report
Me Today Supplement Product Range
The Me Today Supplement Range has been formulated to cater for people with busy lifestyles, with
products covering aspects of wellbeing from general health to immune function, energy, sleep, beauty,
mobility and relaxation.

The Me Today Supplement Range currently includes the following products:




 Women’s Daily                   Becalm                      Move                        Beauty
     60 VEGE CAPS               60 VEGE CAPS               60 VEGE CAPS                 60 VEGE CAPS
 For general health          For your body and          Supports joint               For your hair, skin
   and wellbeing              mind relaxation         mobility and comfort            and nails health




   Men’s Daily                 Goodnight                    Protect                     Energise
     60 VEGE CAPS               60 VEGE CAPS               60 VEGE CAPS                 60 VEGE CAPS
 For general health         Supports relaxation         For your immune               For your energy
   and wellbeing             and restful sleep               function                   production




                                                           chairman & ceo report | me | today annual report   11
     Me Today Skincare Product Range
     The ‘Women’s Daily Skincare’ range has been specially formulated and enriched with nine essential
     botanicals, antioxidants and vitamins from the Me Today Women’s Daily supplement – providing a
     cross-category link between the ranges.

     The ‘Women’s Daily’ range of Me Today skincare products spans a broad spectrum of products:


                                               WOMEN’S DAILY
                                      ‘Enrich and Hydrate’ range includes:




        Micellar Gel               Cream Cleanser             Mist Toner                 Moisturiser
              200ML                         100ML                  100ML                      50ML




            Serum                      Eye Cream             Night Cream                 Face Mask
              30ML                          20ML                   50ML                       50ML




12   me | today annual report | chairman & ceo report
The ‘Protect’ range of Me Today skincare products has been specially formulated and enriched
with botanicals, antioxidants and vitamins from our Me Today protect supplement – providing a
cross-category link between ranges.

The ‘Protect’ skincare range is a range of products for the hands and lips:


                                        PROTECT
                           ‘Balance and Comfort’ range includes:




     Lip Balm                  Hand Cream                   Hand Wash                    Hand Lotion
         20ML                        50ML                        200ML                        200ML




The Me Today range of supplements and skincare is packaged in glass. Me Today vessels/jars have
been specifically chosen to complement the premium nature of the Me Today range.

The entire Me Today product range puts an emphasis on self-care, with the understanding that people
are only able to look after those around them when they are personally feeling their best.

Me Today products are formulated to be effective first and foremost, with high quality ingredients to
ensure results and allow people to naturally pick up their game, feel great in mind, body and spirit, while
still being there for the people around them.




                                                              chairman & ceo report | me | today annual report   13
directors’
 profiles
                                                      1   2




                                                      3   4




                                                      5   6




16   me | today annual report | directors’ profiles
 1
     Grant Baker                                 2
                                                     Stephen Sinclair
Grant Baker has wide experience at a senior      Stephen is a Chartered Accountant, and
level in both public and private New Zealand     spent the early part of his career with
companies. He is currently the chairman of       PriceWaterhouseCoopers. In 1999 he started
Turners Automotive Group, a position he has      working with Grant Baker and since then has
held for more than 10 years. He was a co-        been involved with numerous successful start-
founder of The Business Bakery and has a         ups, including 42 Below, Ecoya and Trilogy,
number of successes under his belt, including    and was involved in the recapitalisation of
being chairman of both 42 Below vodka and        Dorchester Pacific which is now the Turners
Trilogy International. 42 Below was sold to      Automotive Group.
Bacardi in 2006, and Trilogy was recently sold
to CITIC Group.
Grant is also a cancer survivor and has a
strong interest in the health and wellbeing
                                                 4   Roger Gower
sector. Until recently he was the chairman of
                                                 Roger has wide experience as a company
The Gut Cancer Foundation, a position he held
                                                 executive, director and Chairman in both
for more than 10 years.
                                                 public and private companies. He is currently
                                                 Chairman of PrimePort Timaru Limited and
                                                 New Zealand Food Innovation Auckland Limited

     Michael Kerr
                                                 (the Food Bowl). Roger is the Chief Executive
3
                                                 of New Zealand’s Best Food & Beverage
                                                 Limited, a company affiliated with Douglas
Michael holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree,
                                                 Pharmaceuticals that has developed wellbeing
majoring in marketing and management, from
                                                 products targeting the mother & baby and aged
the University of Auckland. Michael has worked
                                                 care sectors under the Douglas Nutrition brand.
in sales and marketing roles for several local
                                                 Roger was Chairman at Charlie’s juice company,
and multinational businesses. More recently
                                                 which listed in 2005 and prior to that had a
he was responsible for establishing the Swisse
                                                 corporate career in logistics and transportation.
brand in New Zealand across multiple retail
                                                 Roger has a BCom from the University of
channels, and was the general manager
                                                 Auckland, an MBA from Massey University and
of the skincare brand, Trilogy. Michael’s
                                                 an MPhil from the University of Cambridge.
career spans 20 years, in which time he has
developed a wealth of knowledge both locally
and internationally of how to create and grow
brands in the Health and Wellness space.         6
                                                     Antony Vriens
                                                 Antony is a seasoned executive with a career

     Hannah Barrett
                                                 in health and financial services corporations
5
                                                 across New Zealand, Australia and Asia. He is
                                                 currently an Independent Director of the Turners
Hannah has a Bachelor of Commerce degree,
                                                 Automotive Group, and is the Chairman of DPL
majoring in commercial law and accounting,
                                                 Insurance Limited (Turners’ insurance subsidiary).
from Victoria University and is a qualified
Chartered Accountant. Hannah spent three         Antony is a medical doctor by background and
years working at PricewaterhouseCoopers in the   brings a strong interest in wellness and nutrition,
Financial Advisory team working on assignments   which is supported by his medical training.
for global companies as well as New Zealand      Antony is also currently involved in new health
based businesses and individuals. Hannah also    technology initiatives to support lifestyle change
runs her own business specialising in digital    in the Asia region.
consulting and marketing. Hannah supports a      In addition to his medical degree, Antony holds
number of charities and is an ambassador for     an MBA from the University of Auckland, with
SPCA NZ and Sweet Louise.                        a background in international business and
                                                 innovation.


                                                          directors’ profiles | me | today annual report   17
 financial
statements
     Consolidated Statement of
     Comprehensive Income
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 M ARCH 2020


                                                                                  2020       2019 period
                                                                         Note   NZ$000           NZ$000

                             Revenue before marketing services
                                                                                   639                   80
                                       provided by a customer

               Less marketing services provided by a customer                      (73)                   -

                                                             Revenue      5        566                   80

                                                         Cost of sales            (107)                   -

                                 Selling and marketing expenses                   (378)                   -

                                         Administrative expenses                  (896)             (125)

                                                       Operating loss     6       (815)             (45)



                    Reverse acquisition - share based payment             22    (3,977)                   -

                                          Reverse listing expenses                (191)                   -

                                                   Finance income                     1                   -

                                                   Loss before tax              (4,982)             (45)

                                              Income tax expense          8           -                   -

               Loss for the year and other comprehensive loss                   (4,982)             (45)



         Total comprehensive loss for the year attributable to
                                                                                (4,982)             (45)
                                      owners of the company



                                        Earnings (loss) per share

                       - basic and diluted loss per share (cents)         10    (4.076)          (0.054)




     The accompanying notes form part of these consolidated financial statements and should be read in
     conjunction with them.




20   me | today annual report | financial statements
Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Equity
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 M ARCH 2020


                                                            Share       Accumulated                Total
                                                           capital           losses               equity
                                               Note        NZ$000           NZ$000               NZ$000

                 Balance at incorporation
                                                                  -                  -                   -
                     (27 September 2018)



         Loss attributable to owners of the
                                                                  -               (45)               (45)
                                 company

             Other comprehensive income                           -                  -                   -

    Total comprehensive loss for the period                       -               (45)               (45)



           Shares issued during the period                        -                  -                   -



                 Balance at 31 March 2019                         -               (45)               (45)



         Loss attributable to owners of the
                                                                  -            (4,982)            (4,982)
                                 company

             Other comprehensive income                           -                  -                   -

      Total comprehensive loss for the year                       -            (4,982)            (4,982)



             Shares issued during the year      19           3,800                   -             3,800

    Shares issued as part of reverse listing   19,22         5,550                   -             5,550



                 Balance at 31 March 2020                    9,350             (5,027)              4,323



The accompanying notes form part of these consolidated financial statements and should be read in
conjunction with them.




                                                             financial statements | me | today annual report   21
     Consolidated Statement
     of Financial Position
     AS AT 31 M ARCH 2020

                                                                                   31/03/2020          31/3/2019
                                                                   Note               NZ$000             NZ$000

                                                        ASSETS
                                               Current assets
                                 Cash and cash equivalents          12                  4,168                 38
                                Trade and other receivables         13                   247                   21
                                                       Inventory    14                    341                  -
                                         Taxation receivable                               11                  -
                                         Total current assets                           4,767                 59


                                         Non-current assets
                             Property, plant and equipment          15                    23                  10
                                            Intangible assets       16                    62                   -
                                                  Total assets                         4,852                  69


                                                  LIABILITIES
                                           Current liabilities
                        Trade payables and other liabilities        17                   529                  14
                                      Shareholder advances          24                      -                100
                                      Total current liabilities                          529                 114
                                              Total liabilities                          529                 114


                                                   Net assets                          4,323                (45)


                                                        EQUITY
                                                Share capital       19                 9,350                   -
                                         Accumulated losses                           (5,027)                (45)
                                                  Total equity                         4,323                (45)



     For and on behalf of the Board:


                          Michael Kerr                               Grant Baker                Dated: 26 May 2020
                          CEO                                        Chairman


     The accompanying notes form part of these consolidated financial statements and should be read in
     conjunction with them.



22   me | today annual report | financial statements
Consolidated Statement
of Cash Flows
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 M ARCH 2020

                                                                                    2020        2019 period
                                                                  Note            NZ$000            NZ$000

                        Cash flows from operating activities

                                    Receipts from customers                           439                 59

                                            Interest received                             1                -

                       Payments to suppliers and employees                         (1,504)              (110)

                   Net cash outflows for operating activities       20             (1,064)              (51)



                         Cash flows from investing activities

                 Cash received on reverse listing acquisition                        1,587                 -

                Payments for property, plant and equipment                            (22)               (11)

                                    Payments for intangibles                           (71)                -

        Net cash inflows/(outflows) from investing activities                       1,494                (11)



                        Cash flows from financing activities

                       Proceeds from shareholder advances           24                   -               100

                        Proceeds from issue of share capital                        3,700                  -

                  Net cash generated by financing activities                        3,700                100



                  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                          4,130                38



    Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period                            38                 -

         Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period         12               4,168                38



The accompanying notes form part of these consolidated financial statements and should be read in
conjunction with them.




                                                                financial statements | me | today annual report   23
24   me | today annual report | financial statements
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
AS AT 31 M ARCH 2020



1. General information
These financial statements are for Me Today Limited (formerly CSM Group Limited) (‘MTL’ or ‘the
Company’) and its subsidiaries, The Good Brand Company Limited (TGBC) and Me Today NZ Limited
(together ‘the Group’).

The Company’s name change occurred on 31 March 2020.



1.1. BASIS OF PREPAR ATION                            information presented in the consolidated
                                                      financial statements represents the financial
                                                      performance and financial position of the
  1.1.1. Reverse acquisition
                                                      TGBC and its subsidiary Me Today NZ Limited,
  On 31 March 2020 the Company entered into           from the date of incorporation, being 27
  a reverse acquisition in which the Company          September 2018.
  acquired 100% of the shares of the already
  operating The Good Brand Company Limited            Me Today Limited (formerly CSM Group
  (‘TGBC’) and its 100% owned subsidiary              Limited), The Good Brand Company Limited
  Me Today NZ Limited, in exchange for issuing        and Me Today NZ Limited are limited liability
  1.11 billion new fully paid ordinary shares in      companies incorporated and domiciled in New
  the Company.                                        Zealand. The address of their registered office
                                                      is Level 3, Building 10, Central Park, 666 Great
  The reverse acquisition does not represent          South Road, Ellerslie, Auckland, 1061.
  a business combination in accordance with
  NZ IFRS 3 Business Combinations. The Board          Refer to note 4.1 for critical estimates and
  of Directors have therefore accounted for           judgements involved in the reverse acquisition.
  the reverse acquisition as a share-based
  payment transaction, as an issue of shares,         1.1.2. Basis of measurement
  in accordance with NZ IFRS 2 Share-
                                                      The consolidated financial statements have
  based Payment.
                                                      been prepared on a historical cost basis except
  The appropriate accounting treatment for            for any financial instruments that are measured
  recognising the new group structure is to treat     at fair values at the end of each reporting
  TGBC as the acquirer of MTL. The consolidated       period, as explained in the accounting policies
  financial statements prepared following the         below. Historical cost is generally based on
  reverse acquisition are issued under the name       the fair value of the consideration given in
  of the legal parent (MTL) but describe the          exchange for goods and services.
  continuation of the financial statements of the
                                                      Fair value is the price that would be
  acquirer, TGBC.
                                                      received to sell an asset or paid to transfer
  Therefore, consolidated financial statements        a liability in an orderly transaction between
  for the year ended 31 March 2020, reflect           market participants at the measurement
  the 12 months of trading of the TGBC and            date, regardless of whether that price is
  its subsidiary Me Today NZ Limited, and             directly observable or estimated using
  include the financial performance and               another valuation technique. Fair value for
  financial position of MTL from the date of its      measurement and/or disclosure purposes in
  acquisition on 31 March 2020. The comparative       these financial statements is determined on



                                                            financial statements | me | today annual report   25
       such a basis, except for share-based payment       1.2. STATEMENT OF
       transactions that are within the scope of
       NZ IFRS 2 Share-based Payments, leasing
                                                          COMPLIANCE AND
       transactions that are within the scope of NZ       REPORTING FR A MEWORK
       IFRS 16 Leases, and measurements that have
                                                          The consolidated financial statements have been
       some similarities to fair value but are not
                                                          prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted
       fair value, such as net realisable value in NZ
                                                          Accounting Practice in New Zealand (‘NZ GAAP’).
       IAS 2 Inventories or value in use in NZ IAS 36
                                                          The Group is a for-profit entity for the purposes
       Impairment of Assets.
                                                          of complying with NZ GAAP. The financial
       The financial statements are presented in          statements comply with New Zealand equivalents
       New Zealand dollars rounded, to the nearest        to International Financial Reporting Standards
       thousand dollars.                                  (‘NZ IFRS’), and International Financial Reporting
                                                          Standards (‘IFRS’).
       The Group produce, sell, and market health
       and wellbeing products or act as an agent on       The Company is an FMC reporting entity under
       behalf of other health and wellbeing suppliers.    the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. These
       Previously MTL (formerly CSM Group Limited)        financial statements have been prepared in
       was a shell company.                               accordance with the requirements of the Financial
                                                          Markets Conduct Act 2013 and the NZX Main
       The comparative amounts shown in these             Board Listing Rules.
       financial statements are for the period from the
       date of incorporation of TGBC on 27 September      The financial statements have been approved for
       2018 to 31 March 2019.                             issue by the Board of Directors on 26 May 2020.




     2. Application of new and revised
     New Zealand International Financial
     Reporting Standards (NZ IFRSs)
     2.1. APPLICATION OF                                    Impact of the new definition of a lease
     NEW AND REVISED                                        The change in definition of a lease mainly
                                                            relates to the concept of control. NZ IFRS 16
     INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL
                                                            determines whether a contract contains a lease
     REPORTING STANDARDS                                    on the basis of whether the customer has the
                                                            right to control the use of an identified asset for
       The Group has applied NZ IFRS 16 Leases
                                                            a period of time in exchange for consideration.
       for the first time in the current financial
       year. NZ IFRS 16 introduces new or amended           The Group has made use of the practical
       requirements with respect to lease accounting.       expedient available on transition to NZ IFRS
       For lessees, the standard removes the                16 not to reassess whether a contract is or
       distinction between operating and finance            contains a lease. Accordingly, the definition of
       lease and requires the recognition of a              a lease in accordance with NZ IAS 17 and IFRIC
       right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the      4 will continue to be applied to those leases
       commencement of all leases, except for short-        entered or modified before 1 April 2019.
       term leases and leases of low value assets.




26   me | today annual report | financial statements
Impact on Lessee Accounting                         measurement of the corresponding lease
                                                    liability, lease payments made at or before
NZ IFRS 16 changes how the Group accounts for
                                                    the commencement date and any initial direct
leases previously classified as operating leases
                                                    costs. They are subsequently measured at cost
under NZ IAS 17, which were off-balance sheet.
                                                    less accumulated depreciation and impairment
On application of NZ IFRS 16, for all leases
                                                    losses. Right-of-use assets are depreciated
(except as noted below), the Group:
                                                    over the shorter period of lease term and
a.   recognises right‑of‑use assets and lease       the useful life of the underlying asset. The
     liabilities in the consolidated statement of   depreciation starts at the commencement date
     financial position;                            of the lease.

b.   recognises depreciation of right‑of‑use        Lease incentives (e.g. rent‑free periods) are
     assets and interest on lease liabilities       recognised as part of the measurement of
     in the consolidated statement of profit        the right‑of‑use assets and lease liabilities
     or loss; and                                   whereas under NZ IAS 17 they resulted in
                                                    the recognition of a lease incentive liability,
c.   separates the total amount of cash             amortised as a reduction of rental expenses on
     paid into a principal portion (presented       a straight‑line basis.
     within financing activities) and interest
     (presented within operating activities) in     Under NZ IFRS 16, right-of-use assets are tested
     the consolidated statement of cash flows.      for impairment in accordance with NZ IAS 36
                                                    Impairment of Assets.
The lease liability is initially measured at the
present value of the future lease payments,         For short‑term leases (lease term of 12 months
discounted by using the rate implicit in the        or less) and leases of low‑value assets (such
lease. If this rate cannot be readily determined,   as personal computers and office furniture),
the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate.      the Group has opted to recognise a lease
The lease liability is measured at amortised        expense on a straight‑line basis as permitted
cost using the effective interest method. It        by NZ IFRS 16.
is remeasured when there is a change in
                                                    The accounting standard was adopted by
future lease payments arising from a change
                                                    the Group on 1 April 2019. At 1 April 2019 the
in an index or rate or if the Group changes
                                                    Group only had short term leases with lease
its assessment of whether it will exercise a
                                                    terms of less than 12 months. As a result,
purchase, extension of termination option,
                                                    application of the new standard has not had a
with a corresponding adjustment made to the
                                                    material impact on either the current period or
carrying value of the right-of-use asset.
                                                    comparative period’s financial statements.
The right-of-use assets comprise the initial




                                                          financial statements | me | today annual report   27
     3. Significant accounting policies
     The principle accounting policies adopted are set out below.


     3.1. PRINCIPLES OF                                    3.2. REVENUE RECOGNITION
     CONSOLIDATION                                           The Group recognises revenue from the
       The consolidated financial statements                 following major sources:
       incorporate the financial statements of
                                                             • sale of goods; and
       the Company and entities controlled by
       the Company. Control is achieved when                 • agency services
       the Company:
                                                             Revenue is measured based on the
       • has power over the investee;                        consideration to which the Group expects to
                                                             be entitled in a contract with a customer and
       • is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns
                                                             excludes amounts collected on behalf of third
         from its involvement with the investee; and
                                                             parties, such as goods and service tax and
       • has the ability to use its power to affect          customs duties.
         its returns.
                                                             3.2.1. Sale of goods
       The Company reassesses whether or not it
                                                             The Group sells goods such as health and
       controls an investee if facts and circumstances
                                                             wellbeing products. The Group considers
       indicate that there are changes to one or more
                                                             the performance obligation is satisfied when
       of the three elements of control listed above.
                                                             control of the goods has transferred, being
       When necessary, adjustments are made to the           when the goods have been delivered to the
       financial statements of subsidiaries to bring         customer. Revenue derived from the sale of
       their accounting policies into line with the          goods is recognised at the point in time the
       Group’s accounting policies.                          performance obligation is satisfied.

       All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity,
                                                             3.2.2. Agency services
       income, expenses and cash flows relating to
       transactions between members of the Group             For revenues derived from agency services,
       are eliminated in full on consolidation.              where the Group acts as a sales agent for
                                                             other health and wellness brands, the Group
       3.1.1. Business combinations                          considers its performance obligations are
                                                             satisfied over time, on the basis that agency
       Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for          services are provided and consumed by the
       using the acquisition method. The consideration       customer on a simultaneous basis, and so
       transferred in a business combination is              will recognise the related revenue as the
       measured at fair value, which is calculated as        performance obligation is satisfied. Revenue is
       the sum of the acquisition-date fair values of        measured on an output method basis.
       the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities
       incurred by the Group to the former owners
                                                             3.2.3. Interest income
       of the acquiree and the equity interests
       issued by the Group in exchange for control           Interest income is accrued on a time basis, by
       of the acquiree. Acquisition related costs            reference to the principal outstanding and at
       are generally recognised in profit or loss            the effective interest rate applicable, which is
       as incurred.                                          the rate that exactly discounts estimated future
                                                             cash receipts through the expected life of the
       Refer to note 1.1. in relation to basis of            financial asset to that asset’s net carrying
       preparation due to reverse acquisition                amount on initial recognition.
       transaction and note 4.1 for critical estimates
       and judgements involved in the transaction.



28   me | today annual report | financial statements
3.3. LEASING                                         3.4. INCOME TA X
 The Group assess whether a contract is or            Income tax expense comprises both current
 contains a lease, at inception of the contract.      and deferred tax.
 The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and
 a corresponding lease liability with respect to      3.4.1. Current tax
 all lease arrangements in which it is the lessee,
                                                      The tax currently payable is based on taxable
 except for short-term leases (defined as leases
                                                      profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from
 with a lease term of 12 months or less) and
                                                      ‘profit before tax’ as reported in the statement
 lease of low value assets. For these leases, the
                                                      of profit or loss and other comprehensive
 Group recognises the lease payments as an
                                                      income because of items of income or expense
 operating expense on a straight-line basis over
                                                      that are taxable or deductible in other years
 the term of the lease unless another systematic
                                                      and items that are never taxable or deductible.
 basis is more representative of the time pattern
                                                      The Group’s current tax is calculated using tax
 in which economic benefit from the leased
                                                      rates that have been enacted or substantively
 assets are consumed.
                                                      enacted by the end of the reporting period.
 The lease liability is initially measured at the
 present value of the future lease payments,          3.4.2. Deferred tax
 discounted by using the rate implicit in the
                                                      Deferred tax is recognised on temporary
 lease. If this rate cannot be readily determined,
                                                      differences between the carrying amounts of
 the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate.
                                                      assets and liabilities in the financial statements
 The lease liability is measured at amortised
                                                      and the corresponding tax bases used in
 cost using the using the effective interest
                                                      the computation of taxable profit. Deferred
 method. It is remeasured when there is a
                                                      tax liabilities are generally recognised for
 change in future lease payments arising from
                                                      all taxable temporary differences. Deferred
 a change in an index or rate or if the Group
                                                      tax assets are generally recognised for all
 changes its assessment of whether it will
                                                      deductible temporary differences to the extent
 exercise a purchase, extension of termination
                                                      that it is probable that taxable profits will
 option, with a corresponding adjustment made
                                                      be available against which those deductible
 to the carrying value of the right-of-use asset.
                                                      temporary differences can be utilised. Such
 The right-of-use assets comprise the initial         deferred tax assets and liabilities are not
 measurement of the corresponding lease               recognised if the temporary difference arises
 liability, lease payments made at or before          from the initial recognition (other than in a
 the commencement date and any initial direct         business combination) of assets and liabilities
 costs. They are subsequently measured at cost        in a transaction that affects neither the taxable
 less accumulated depreciation and impairment         profit nor the accounting profit.
 losses. Right-of-use assets are depreciated
                                                      Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured
 over the shorter period of lease term and
                                                      at the tax rates that are expected to apply in
 the useful life of the underlying asset. The
                                                      the period in which the liability is settled or
 depreciation starts at the commencement date
                                                      the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax
 of the lease.
                                                      laws) that have been enacted or substantively
 The Group applies IAS 36 to determine whether        enacted by the end of the reporting period.
 a right-of-use asset is impaired and accounts
                                                      The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and
 for any identified impairment loss as described
                                                      assets reflects the tax consequences that would
 in the ‘property, plant and equipment’ policy.
                                                      follow from the manner in which the Group
                                                      expects, at the end of the reporting period,
                                                      to recover or settle the carrying amount of its
                                                      assets and liabilities.




                                                            financial statements | me | today annual report   29
     3.5. GOODS AND SERVICES TA X                           An item of property, plant and equipment is
                                                            derecognised upon disposal or when no future
       Revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities are        economic benefits are expected to arise from
       recognised net of the amount of goods and            the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss
       services tax (GST) except:                           arising on the disposal or retirement of an item
                                                            of property, plant and equipment is determined
       • where the amount of GST incurred is not
                                                            as the difference between the sales proceeds
         recovered from the taxation authority, it is
                                                            and the carrying amount of the asset and is
         recognised as part of the cost of acquisition
                                                            recognised in profit or loss.
         of an asset or as part of an item of
         expense; or

       • for receivables and payables, which are           3.8. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
         recognised inclusive of GST.                       Acquired intangible assets with finite useful
       The net amount of GST recoverable or payable         lives are carried at cost less accumulated
       to the taxation authority is included as part of     amortisation and accumulated impairment
       receivables or payables.                             losses. Amortisation is recognised on a straight-
                                                            line basis over their estimated useful lives. The
                                                            estimated useful life and amortisation method
     3.6. INVENTORIES                                       are reviewed at the end of each reporting
                                                            period, with the effect of any changes in
       Inventories are stated at the lower of cost          estimate being accounted for on a prospective
       and net realisable value. Costs of inventories       basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful
       are determined on a first-in-first-out basis.        lives that are acquired separately are carried
       Net realisable value represents the estimated        at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
       selling price for inventories less all estimated
       costs of completion and costs necessary to           The following amortisation rates are used in the
       make the sale.                                       calculation:

                                                             Website                      50%
     3.7. PROPERT Y, PL ANT
                                                             Trademarks & domains         indefinite useful life
     AND EQUIPMENT
       Plant and equipment, office equipment and
       computer equipment are stated at cost less
       accumulated depreciation and accumulated            3.9. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
       impairment losses.
                                                            Financial assets and financial liabilities are
       Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the    recognised in the Statement of Financial
       cost of assets less their residual values, over      Position when the Group becomes a party to
       their useful lives using the diminishing value       the contractual provisions of the instruments.
       method. The estimated useful lives, residual
                                                            Financial assets and financial liabilities are
       values and depreciation method are reviewed
                                                            initially measured at fair value. Transaction
       at the end of each reporting period, with the
                                                            costs that are directly attributable to the
       effect of any changes in estimate accounted for
                                                            acquisition or issue of financial assets and
       on a prospective basis.
                                                            financial liabilities (other than financial assets
       The following depreciation rates are used in the     and financial liabilities at fair value through
       calculation:                                         profit or loss) are added to or deducted from
                                                            the fair value of the financial assets or financial
                                                            liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition.
         Plant and Equipment                33%
                                                            Transaction costs directly attributable to the
                                                            acquisition of financial assets or financial
         Office Equipment                   33%
                                                            liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are
                                                            recognised immediately in profit or loss.
         Computer Equipment                 50%




30   me | today annual report | financial statements
3.10. FINANCIAL ASSETS                                3.11. FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
 Financial assets are measured at amortised            Financial liabilities are classified as either
 cost or fair value on the basis that the Group’s      financial liabilities ‘at fair value profit through
 business model for managing financial assets          profit or loss(“FVTPL”) or ‘other financial
 and the contractual cash flow characteristics         liabilities’.
 of the financial assets. The Group classifies its
 financial assets as at amortised cost only if both    Other financial liabilities
 of the following criteria are met:                    Other financial liabilities (including trade and
                                                       other payables) are subsequently measured
 • the asset is held within a business model           at amortised cost using the effective interest
   whose objective is to collect the contractual       method. The effective interest method is a
   cash flows: and                                     method of calculating the amortised cost of
                                                       a financial liability and of allocating interest
 • the contractual terms give rise to cash
                                                       expense over the relevant period. The effective
   flows that are solely payments of principal
                                                       interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts
   and interest.
                                                       estimated future cash payments (including
                                                       all fees and points paid or received that form
 Financial assets at amortised costs
                                                       an integral part of the effective interest rate,
 The Group holds receivables with the objective        transaction costs and other premiums or
 to collect the contractual cash flows, the            discounts) through the expected life of the
 cash flows are solely payments of principal           financial liability, or (where appropriate) a
 and interest, and therefore measures them             shorter period, to the net carrying amount on
 subsequently at amortised cost using the              initial recognition.
 effective interest method.
                                                       The Group has no financial liabilities at FVTPL.
 The Group’s financial assets at amortised
 cost include cash and cash equivalents, and
 trade receivables. Cash and cash equivalents         3.12. SEGMENT REPORTING
 include cash in hand and deposits held at call
                                                       Operating segments are reported in a manner
 with banks.
                                                       consistent with the internal reporting provided
                                                       to the chief operating decision maker. The chief
 Impairment of financial assets
                                                       operating decision maker, who is responsible
 The Group recognises a loss allowance for             for allocating resources and assessing
 expected credit losses on receivables. The            performance of the operating segments, has
 amount of expected credit losses is updated at        been identified as the Board of Directors.
 each reporting date to reflect changes in credit
 risk since initial recognition of the respective
 financial instrument.                                3.13. FOREIGN CURRENCY
                                                      TR ANSL ATION
 The Group recognises lifetime expected credit
 losses for receivables. The expected credit
 losses on these financial assets are estimated
                                                       Transactions and balances
 using a provision matrix based on the Group’s         Foreign currency transactions are translated
 historical credit loss experience, adjusted for       into the functional currency using the exchange
 factors that are specific to the debtors, general     rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions.
 economic conditions and an assessment of both
 the current as well as the forecast direction of      At the end of each reporting period, monetary
 conditions at the reporting date, including time      items denominated in foreign currencies are
 value of money where appropriate.                     retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date.
                                                       Non-monetary items carried at fair value that
                                                       are denominated in foreign currencies are
                                                       retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date
                                                       when the fair value was determined. Non-
                                                       monetary items that are measured in terms



                                                             financial statements | me | today annual report   31
       of historical cost in a foreign currency are not    3.14. SHARE CAPITAL
       retranslated.
                                                             Ordinary shares are classified as equity.
       Exchange differences on monetary items are            Incremental costs directly attributable to the
       recognised in the profit or loss in the period in     issue of new shares are shown in equity as a
       which they arise.                                     deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.




     4. Critical accounting estimates
     and judgements
     In the application of the Group’s accounting          reverse acquisition as a share-based payment
     policies, which are described in note 3, the          transaction in accordance with NZ IFRS 2 Share
     directors of the Group are required to make           -based Payment.
     judgements, estimates and assumptions about
                                                           The Board of Directors has determined the
     the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that
                                                           fair value of the shares issued to the existing
     are not readily apparent from other sources. The
                                                           shareholders of $5,550,000, determined to be
     estimates and associated assumptions are based
                                                           $0.005 per share (prior to the share consolidation
     on historical experience and other factors that
                                                           that occurred after the reporting date on 3 April
     are considered to be relevant. Actual results may
                                                           2020). The fairness of the transaction to the
     differ from these estimates.
                                                           Me Today Limited shareholders was assessed
     The estimates and underlying assumptions are          in an independent advisor’s appraisal report
     reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to            performed to assist shareholders in their decision
     accounting estimates are recognised in the period     to support the transaction.
     in which the estimate is revised if the revision
                                                           The fair value of Me Today Limited’s net assets,
     affects only that period, or in the period of the
                                                           at the date of transaction, involved limited
     revision and future periods if the revision affects
                                                           judgement and estimate by the Group, as
     both current and future periods. Below are the
                                                           it consisted materially of cash, receivables
     critical accounting judgements.
                                                           and payables, as disclosed in note 22 to the
                                                           consolidated financial statements.
     4.1. REVERSE ACQUISITION
     On 31 March 2020 Me Today Limited (formerly           4.2. COVID-19 PANDEMIC
     CSM Group Limited) was acquired by The Good
     Brand Company Limited through a reverse               In December 2019, a new virus, COVID-19 was
     acquisition. 60.84% of the shares of Me Today         detected in the Wuhan province of China. The
     Limited were acquired in exchange for 100% of the     virus was soon common in other countries and
     shares in The Good Brand Company Limited.             on 11 March 2020 the World Health Organisation
                                                           declared that the outbreak should be considered
     The key judgements involved in the reverse            a pandemic.
     acquisition include the following:
                                                           The result of this pandemic has been a substantial
     The Group determined that CSM Group Limited           reduction in economic activity throughout
     (now Me Today Limited) did not constitute “a          the world, as governments have introduced
     business”, as it was a listed non-operating           measures (such as the closure of national borders,
     entity. Therefore, the reverse listing transaction    the closure of non-essential businesses, the
     was not considered a business combination             cancellation of public events and the imposition of
     within the scope of NZ IFRS 3. The Board of           restrictions on individuals) in an attempt to reduce
     Directors have therefore accounted for the            transmission of the virus.




32   me | today annual report | financial statements
In late March 2020, the New Zealand Government           Although the Group has been impacted by
ordered a four-week lockdown, during which               COVID-19, the directors have concluded that the
non-essential businesses and organisations were          Group will be able to continue operating for at
not allowed to operate and individuals (other than       least 12 months from the date of signing these
essential workers or those undertaking essential         financial statements. That conclusion has been
business) were required to stay at home. In              reached because the Group has substantial cash
late April 2020, the New Zealand Government              reserves and it can further reduce expenditure if it
gradually started easing those restrictions.             becomes necessary to do so.

During the four-week lockdown period the Group
had limited operations, which resulted in revenue        4.3. ACCOUNTING
declines. Since the end of the lockdown period,
                                                         FOR REVENUES
the Group has been able to operate, but given
staged reduction in the restrictions it will take time   Judgement is required in determining the timing of
for retail stores who sell company product to be         recognition of revenue from the sale of goods.
fully operational and back to pre lockdown levels.
The Directors have concluded that the pandemic
has not had a material impact on the financial           4.4. DEFERRED TA X
statements, including trade debtors impairment
                                                         Judgement is exercised in determining the timing
losses and inventory provisioning.
                                                         and extent of recognition of the benefit of tax
To date the Group has undertaken the following           losses. The benefit of tax losses can be recognised
steps to reduce the impact of COVID-19 on its            as an asset if its recovery is ‘probable’ (more likely
operations:                                              than not). In the absence of any track record of
                                                         profitability, convincing evidence is needed of how
  • Reduced expenditure in areas of the                  the losses will be recovered in the future, before
    business, including removal of director fees         any deferred tax asset is recognised. On this
    and reduction in key management personnel            basis, the Group has not recognised any benefit,
    remuneration until 1 June 2020                       as detailed in note 6, at 31 March 2020 in respect
  • Taken advantage of the wage subsidies                of the tax losses generated to 31 March 2020.
    made available by the New Zealand
    Government.




                                                                  financial statements | me | today annual report   33
     5. Revenue
                                                                                2020         2019 period
                                                                              NZ$000             NZ$000

      Revenue from sale of goods before marketing services
                                                                                  263                 80
      provided by a customer

      Less marketing services provided by a customer                             (73)                  -

      Revenue from sale of goods                                                  190                 80



      Revenue from agency services                                                376                  -

                                                                                 566                  80


     The details above disaggregate the Group’s revenue from contracts with customers into primary
     markets, and major product and service lines. All revenue is generated in New Zealand.




     6. Expenses
     The loss for the year includes the following expenses.


                                                                                2020         2019 period
                                                                              NZ$000             NZ$000

      Directors’ fees (note 24)                                                     -                  -

      Depreciation and amortisation                                               (19)                (1)

      Employer Kiwisaver contributions                                            (17)                (2)

      Employee benefits expense                                                 (533)                (64)



      Fees paid to the auditor:

      For the current year audit                                                 (38)                  -

      For tax services, accounting advisory, tax due diligence and
                                                                                 (34)                  -
      IT support services

      Total fees paid to the auditor                                             (72)                  -




34   me | today annual report | financial statements
7. Segment information
The Group has identified its operating segments based on the internal reports reviewed and used by
the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), being the Board of Directors, in assessing the Group’s
performance and in determining the allocation of resources.

Unallocated operating expenses include head office costs and costs related to the NZX listing.

All operations are carried out in New Zealand.


                                                                  2020                                          2019

                                                      Other /                                       Other /
                               Sale of    Agency          un-                Sale of    Agency          un-
                                goods    services   allocated      Total      goods    services   allocated     Total


                              NZ$’000    NZ$’000    NZ$’000     NZ$’000     NZ$’000    NZ$’000    NZ$’000     NZ$’000


 Revenue before
 marketing services              263        376            -       639                     80            -        80
 provided by a customer

 Less marketing services
                                 (73)          -           -       (73)           -          -           -         -
 provided by a customer

 Total revenue                   190        376            -       566            -        80            -        80

 Total inter-segment
                                    -          -           -          -           -          -           -         -
 revenue



 Total EBITDA                   (515)      (233)    (4,218)     (4,966)           -       (44)           -      (44)



 Finance income                     -           1          -           1          -          -           -         -

 Depreciation and
                                  (9)        (8)           -       (17)           -         (1)          -        (1)
 amortisation

 Net loss before taxation       (524)     (240)     (4,218)     (4,982)           -       (45)           -      (45)

 Income tax expense                 -          -           -          -           -          -           -         -

 Net loss for the year          (524)     (240)     (4,218)     (4,982)           -       (45)           -      (45)


                                                                  2020                                          2019

                                                      Other /                                       Other /
                               Sale of    Agency          un-                Sale of    Agency          un-
                                goods    services   allocated      Total      goods    services   allocated     Total


                              NZ$’000    NZ$’000    NZ$’000     NZ$’000     NZ$’000    NZ$’000    NZ$’000     NZ$’000


 Segment assets                  538         102      4,213      4,852            -        69            -        69

 Segment liabilities              135       230         164        529            -        114           -        114




                                                                     financial statements | me | today annual report    35
     7.1.     INFORM ATION ABOUT M AJOR CUSTOMERS
     For the year ended 31 March 2020 there were 2 customers who individually accounted for more than
     10% of the Group’s total sales. Sales to these customers were $363,000 and $190,000. These customers
     purchased goods or agency services.

     In 2019, 1 customer accounted for more than 10% of total sales. Sales to this customer were $80,000. This
     customer purchased agency services.




     8. Taxation
                                                                                   2020          2019 period
                                                                                 NZ$000              NZ$000

      Loss before income tax                                                      (4,982)                (45)

      Current year tax at the tax rate of 28%                                     (1,395)                (13)



      Non deductible share based payment                                            1,114                   -

      Non deductible expenses                                                         91                    3

      Timing differences                                                               5                    -

      Current tax losses not recognised                                              185                    9

      Income tax expense                                                                -                   -



      Comprising:

      Current income tax expense                                                        -                   -

      Deferred tax                                                                      -                   -

                                                                                        -                   -


                                                                              31/03/2020           31/3/2019
                                                                                 NZ$000              NZ$000

      Tax losses

      Tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been
                                                                                     693                   33
      recognised

      Potential tax benefit @ 28%                                                    194                    9



     The Group did not recognise deferred income tax assets in relation to the losses disclosed above. The
     losses can be carried forward against future income subject to meeting the requirements of income tax
     legislation including those relating to shareholder continuity.




36   me | today annual report | financial statements
9. Imputation credits
                                                                         31/03/2020             31/3/2019
                                                                            NZ$000                NZ$000

 Imputation credits available for use in subsequent periods                         -                    -




10. Earnings per share
                                                                         2020                 2019 period

 Basic earnings/(loss) per share (NZ cents)                           (4.076)                      (0.054)

 Diluted earnings/(loss) per share (NZ cents)                         (4.076)                      (0.054)

The losses and weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation of loss per share are
as follows:


                                                                         2020                 2019 period

 Loss from continuing operations (NZ$000)                             (4,982)                         (45)

 Weighted average number of ordinary shares
 used in the calculation of basic and diluted                         122,243                      82,910
 earnings per share ('000)


At 31 March 2020, there were no financial            On 3 April 2020 the Company undertook a one
instruments that carried any shareholder dilution    for five share consolidation. The earnings per
rights that were considered to be dilutive (2019:    share calculation reflects the impact of this share
none). The weighted average number of shares         consolidation.
has been calculated for the period to the date of
approval of the consolidated financial statements.




11. Net tangible asset backing
                                                                 31/03/2020                     31/3/2019
                                                                    NZ$000                        NZ$000

 Net tangible assets (NZ$000)                                           4,261                         (45)

 Issued shares at balance date (‘000)
                                                                   1,824,550                      414,550
 (before share consolidation at 3 April 2020)

 Net tangible assets per share (NZ cents)                                0.23                       (0.01)




                                                              financial statements | me | today annual report   37
     12. Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                          31/03/2020                 31/3/2019
                                                                             NZ$000                    NZ$000

      Cash at bank and on hand                                                   4,168                     38

                                                                                 4,168                     38


     The carrying amount for cash and cash equivalents equals the fair value.




     13. Trade and other receivables
                                                                                  31/03/2020         31/3/2019
                                                                                     NZ$000            NZ$000

      Trade receivables                                                                  148                21

      GST receivable                                                                      53                -

      Prepayments                                                                        46                 -

      Total trade and other receivables                                                  247               21

      There has been no expected credit loss impairment to profit or loss in the year (2019: none)

      Allowance for expected credit losses                                                 -                -



     The Group’s receivables aging is as follows.

                                                 Less than 30    30 to 60 days   More than 60
      NZ$000                        Current     days past due         past due   days past due           Total

                                                          2020

      Trade
                                         148               -                -                  -          148
      receivables

      Loss allowance                       -               -                -                  -            -

                                                          2019

      Trade
                                          21               -                -                  -           21
      receivables

      Loss allowance                       -               -                -                  -            -




38   me | today annual report | financial statements
The standard credit period on sales of goods is 30     with these customers. The Group does not hold
or 60 days on the provision of the sale of goods or    any collateral over these balances.
rendering of agency services.
                                                       The Group determines the expected credit
In determining the recoverability of a trade           losses on receivables by using a provision
receivable, the Group considers any change in          matrix, estimated based on historical credit loss
the credit quality of the trade receivable from        experience based on the past due status of the
the date credit was initially granted up to the end    debtors, adjusted as appropriate to reflect current
of the reporting period. The Group has 2 main          conditions and estimates of future economic
customers who are both assessed as creditworthy.       conditions.
The Group maintains close working relationships




14. Inventories
                                                                   31/03/2020                     31/3/2019
                                                                      NZ$000                        NZ$000

 Raw materials                                                                2                            -

 Finished goods                                                            275                             -

 Packaging materials                                                        64                             -

                                                                           341                             -


There has been no inventory written off to profit and loss in the year (2019: none). Inventory expensed in
the year was $107,000 (2019 period: nil).




                                                                financial statements | me | today annual report   39
     15. Property, plant and equipment
                                                  Plant and       Office    Computer
                                                 equipment    equipment    equipment      Total
                                                    NZ$000      NZ$000        NZ$000    NZ$000

      Cost:

      Balance at incorporation                           -            -            -         -

      Additions                                          -            -            11        11

      Balance at 31 March 2019                           -            -           11         11

      Additions                                         10             1          16        27

      Balance at 31 March 2020                          10             1          27        38



      Accumulated depreciation and
      impairment:

      Balance at incorporation                           -            -            -         -

      Depreciation expense                               -            -           (1)       (1)

      Balance at 31 March 2019                           -            -           (1)       (1)

      Depreciation expense                              (2)           -          (12)      (14)

      Balance at 31 March 2020                          (2)           -         (13)       (15)


                                                  Plant and       Office    Computer
                                                 equipment    equipment    equipment      Total
                                                    NZ$000      NZ$000        NZ$000    NZ$000

      Carrying Amounts:

      2019

      Cost                                               -            -            11        11

      Accumulated depreciation                           -            -           (1)       (1)

      Carrying amounts                                   -            -           10        10

      2020

      Cost                                              10             1          27        38

      Accumulated depreciation                          (2)           -          (13)      (15)

      Carrying amounts                                   8             1          14        23




40   me | today annual report | financial statements
16. Intangible assets
                                                      Trademarks &
                                       Website             domains                     Total
                                       NZ$000               NZ$000                   NZ$000

Cost:

Balance at incorporation                    -                        -                      -

Additions                                   -                        -                      -

Balance at 31 March 2019                    -                        -                      -

Additions                                  26                      40                      66

Balance at 31 March 2020                   26                      40                      66



Accumulated amortisation:

Balance at incorporation                    -                        -                      -

Depreciation expense                        -                        -                      -

Balance at 31 March 2019                    -                        -                      -

Depreciation expense                       (4)                       -                     (4)

Balance at 31 March 2020                   (4)                       -                    (4)


                                                      Trademarks &
                                       Website             domains                     Total
                                       NZ$000               NZ$000                   NZ$000

                  Carrying Amounts:

                               2019

                               Cost         -                        -                      -

            Accumulated amortisation        -                        -                      -

                   Carrying amounts         -                        -                      -



                               2020

                                Cost       26                      40                      66

            Accumulated amortisation       (4)                       -                     (4)

                   Carrying amounts        22                      40                      62




                                                 financial statements | me | today annual report   41
     17. Trade payables and other liabilities
                                                             31/03/2020                31/3/2019
                                                                NZ$000                   NZ$000

      Trade payables                                               206                        3

      Accruals                                                     323                        11

                                                                   529                       14




     18. Leases
                                                             31/03/2020                31/3/2019
                                                                NZ$000                   NZ$000

      Short term lease expense                                      32                        4

      Short term lease payments                                     28                        4




     19. Share capital
                                                                              2020        2019
                                                                            NZ$000      NZ$000

      Share capital (consolidated group)

      Ordinary shares at 1 April                                                  -           -

      Ordinary shares issued on acquisition of
                                                                              5,550           -
      subsidiaries

      Ordinary shares issued during the year                                  3,800           -

      Ordinary shares as at 31 March                                          9,350           -



      Number of ordinary shares (Me Today Limited)

      Ordinary Shares as at 1 April 2019                                    414,550     414,550

      Shares issued on reverse acquisition (refer note 22)                 1,110,000          -

      Ordinary shares issued during the year                               300,000            -

      Ordinary shares as at 31 March 2020                                 1,824,550     414,550




42   me | today annual report | financial statements
The number of ordinary shares reflects the capital       Limited prior to the reverse acquisition was
of the legal parent, Me Today Limited.                   $2,300,000. This is contributed capital.

In addition to the 1,100,000,000 shares issued           All ordinary shares on issue are fully paid
as consideration for the reverse acquisition,            and rank equally with one vote attached to
300,000,000 ordinary shares were issued at               each share.
$0.005 per share to a number of wholesale
                                                         On 3 April 2020, the Company undertook a one for
investors to raise $1,500,000.
                                                         five share consolidation.
The share capital of The Good Brand Company




20. Reconciliation of loss after taxation
with cash flow from operating activities
                                                                                  2020           2019 period
                                                                                NZ$000               NZ$000

 Net loss after taxation                                                         (4,982)                 (45)



 Adjustments for:

 Depreciation and amortisation                                                         17                    1

 Reverse acquisition - share based payment                                         3,977                    -

 Other non-cash adjustments                                                             -                   -



 Movements in working capital

 (Increase) / decrease in trade and other receivables                              (227)                  (21)

 (Increase) / decrease in inventory                                                 (341)                   -

 Increase / (decrease) in trade payables and other liabilities                       516                   14

 Decrease / (increase) in taxation receivable                                        (10)                   -

 Movement in assets and liabilities due to acquisition                               (14)                   -

 Net cash outflows from operating activities                                     (1,064)                 (51)



There are no significant non-cash transactions from investing and financing activities, except for
the $100,000 shareholder advances which have been converted to share capital of The Good Brand
Company Limited prior to the reverse acquisition.




                                                                 financial statements | me | today annual report   43
     21. Subsidiaries
      Name of subsidiary                     Principal activity                     Equity holding

                                                                                     2020              2019

      The Good Brand Company                 Sale of health & wellbeing
                                                                                     100%                -%
      Limited                                products

                                             Production & sale of health &
      Me Today NZ Limited                                                            100%                -%
                                             wellbeing products

      Today Limited                          Non-trading entity                      100%                -%


     All subsidiaries are domiciled in New Zealand and have a balance date of 31 March.




     22. Reverse acquisition –
     share based payment
     Refer to note 1.1 and note 4.1 for details of the reverse acquisition.

     The financial impact of the reverse acquisition, and the resulting share based payment, is summarised
     as follows:


                                                                                                     NZ$000

      Net assets / liabilities acquired:

      Cash                                                                                            1,587

      Receivables                                                                                        35

      Taxation receivable                                                                                10

      Payables                                                                                         (59)

      Net assets acquired                                                                             1,573



      The share based payment expense on acquisition was:

      Consideration                                                                                   5,550

      less: fair value of net assets acquired                                                          1,573

      Share based payment expense on acquisition of Me Today Limited                                  3,977


     The fair value of the consideration of $5,550,000 consisted of 1,110,000,000 ordinary shares issued at
     $0.05 per share. The difference between the consideration and net assets acquired is accounted for as a
     share-based payment of $3,977,000.




44   me | today annual report | financial statements
23. Financial instruments
The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of        areas such as interest rate risk, credit risk, use
financial risks: market risk (including currency risk   of derivative financial instruments and non-
and interest rate risk), credit and liquidity risk.     derivative financial instruments.
The Group’s overall risk management programme
                                                        The Group has entered into a number of non-
focuses on the unpredictability of financial
                                                        derivative financial instruments all of which are
markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse
                                                        classified as financial assets and liabilities at
effects on its financial performance.
                                                        amortised cost. The carrying values of these items
Risk management is carried out under policies           approximate their fair value and represent the
approved by the Board of Directors. The Board           maximum exposures for each type of financial
provides written principles for overall risk            instrument. They are listed as follows:
management as well as policies covering specific




                                                                             31/03/2020              31/3/2019
                                                             Note               NZ$000                 NZ$000

 Financial assets at amortised cost

 Cash and cash equivalents                                    12                    4,168                    38

 Trade receivables                                            13                      148                    21

 Total financial assets                                                             4,316                    59



 Financial liabilities at amortised cost

 Trade payables and other liabilities                         17                     529                     14

 Shareholder advances                                         24                        -                   100

 Total financial liabilities                                                         529                    114


The Group does not have any derivative financial instruments (2019: nil).




23.1. M ARKET RISK                                      23.2. CASH FLOW AND FAIR
Market risk is the risk that changes in market          VALUE INTEREST R ATE RISK
prices, such as foreign exchange rates and              The Group’s interest rate risk arises from interest
interest rates will affect the Group’s income or        on cash and cash equivalents. Cash balances
the value of its holdings of financial instruments.     denominated in New Zealand dollars at variable
The objective of market risk management is to           rates expose the Group to cash flow interest
manage and control the market risk exposures            rate risk.
within acceptable parameters, while optimising
the return on risk. There is minimal market risk.       During the current and comparative year, the
                                                        Group’s interest rate risk was minimal.




                                                                   financial statements | me | today annual report   45
     23.3. CREDIT RISK                                        23.5. FAIR VALUE
     Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group   The fair value of trade receivables, trade payables
     if a customer or counterparty to a financial             and cash and cash equivalents are determined to
     instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations     be equivalent to their carrying value due to the
     and arises from cash and cash equivalents,               short-term nature of these balances.
     deposits with banks and the Group’s receivables
     from customers. The Group’s maximum credit
     risk is represented by the carrying value of these       23.6. CAPITAL RISK
     financial assets. The credit risk associated with        M ANAGEMENT
     cash transactions and deposits is managed
     through the Group’s policies that limit the use          The Group’s objectives when managing capital
     of counterparties to high credit quality financial       are to safeguard their ability to continue as
     institutions.                                            a going concern, so that they can continue to
                                                              provide returns to shareholders and benefits for
                                                              other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal
     23.4. LIQUIDIT Y RISK                                    capital structure that reduces the cost of capital.

     Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not       The Company entered into a reverse acquisition
     be able to meet its financial obligations as and         on 31 March 2020, as explained in notes 1.1,4.1 and
     when the fall due. The Group’s liquidity risk            22, which resulted in the issue of share capital
     management includes maintaining sufficient               and cash raised, and provides benefits to the
     cash reserves to meet future commitments. Refer          shareholders by way of the ongoing trading of
     to note 4.1 in relation to impact of COVID-19 on         The Good Brand Company Limited and Me Today
     going concern.                                           NZ Limited.

                                                              The Company has no debt.




     24. Related parties
     24.1. DIRECTORS                                            Related entities
                                                                MTL Securities Limited is an entity owned and
     The names of persons who are directors of the
                                                                controlled by M & N Kerr Holdings, of which
     Company are; Grant Baker (Chairman), Hannah
                                                                Michael Kerr is a director and Velocity Capital,
     Barrett, Roger Gower, Michael Kerr, Stephen
                                                                of which Grant Baker and Stephen Sinclair are
     Sinclair and Antony Vriens.
                                                                directors. MTL Securities Limited owns 60.84%
       Key Management Personnel                                 of Me Today Limited.
       Compensation
       Key management personnel compensation is                 Shareholder advances
       set out below. The key management personnel              At 31 March 2019 M & N Kerr Holdings and
       are all the directors of the Company.                    Velocity Capital had advanced $10,000 and
                                                                $90,000 respectively to the Group. These
       Michael Kerr received total remuneration of
                                                                advances were converted to ordinary share
       $154,500 in the current year in his role as CEO
                                                                capital in the year ended 31 March 2020.
       (2019: $55,769).

       A company owned by Stephen Sinclair received
       $60,000 in consulting fees (2019: $10,000).




46   me | today annual report | financial statements
25. Contingent liabilities
There are no contingent liabilities as at 31 March 2020 (2019: nil).




26. Commitments
The Company had no commitments for future capital expenditure as at 31 March 2020 (2019: nil).




27. Events subsequent to balance date
On 3 April 2020 the Company undertook at one for five share consolidation.

There have been no other significant events after balance date.




                                                                  financial statements | me | today annual report   47
     Independent Auditor’s Report
     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF ME TODAY LIMITED
     (FORMERLY CSM GROUP LIMITED)


     OPINION                                                  KEY AUDIT M AT TERS
     We have audited the consolidated financial               Key audit matters are those matters that, in our
     statements of Me Today Limited (formerly,                professional judgement, were of most significance
     CSM Group Limited, “the Company”) and its                in our audit of the consolidated financial
     subsidiaries (together, “the Group”), which              statements of the current period. These matters
     comprise the consolidated statement of                   were addressed in the context of our audit of the
     financial position as at 31 March 2020, and the          consolidated financial statements as a whole, and
     consolidated statement of profit or loss and other       in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
     comprehensive income, consolidated statement of          provide a separate opinion on these matters.
     changes in equity and consolidated statement of
     cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to
     the consolidated financial statements, including a       REVERSE ACQUISITION
     summary of significant accounting policies.              TR ANSACTION
     In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated
     financial statements present fairly, in all material     KEY AUDIT M AT TER
     respects, the consolidated financial position of the     On 11 December 2019, Me Today Limited (formerly
     Group as at date, and its consolidated financial         CSM Group Limited) announced to NZX that it
     performance and its consolidated cash flows              had reached agreement to acquire 100% of The
     for the year then ended in accordance with New           Good Brand Company Limited via a proposed
     Zealand equivalents to International Financial           ‘reverse listing’, the ‘transaction’. The Good Brand
     Reporting Standards (“NZ IFRS”).                         Company owns 100% of Me Today NZ Limited.

                                                              In a ‘reverse listing’, a listed company (the CSM
     BASIS FOR OPINION                                        Group) legally acquires a private company
                                                              (The Good Brand Company, and by extension
     We conducted our audit in accordance with
                                                              Me Today NZ), and pays for the acquisition by
     International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand)
                                                              issuing shares in itself to the vendors of the
     (“ISAs (NZ)”). Our responsibilities under those
                                                              private company.
     standards are further described in the Auditor’s
     Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated       The transaction was completed on 31 March 2020.
     Financial Statements section of our report. We
     are independent of the Group in accordance with          We considered the transaction to be an audit risk
     Professional and Ethical Standard 1 (Revised)            due to the uncommon and material nature of the
     Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners issued        accounting for reverse listing transactions.
     by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance
                                                              Refer to note 1.1 reverse acquisition basis of
     Standards Board, and we have fulfilled our other
                                                              preparation, note 4.1 critical accounting estimates
     ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
                                                              and judgements, and note 22 reverse acquisition
     requirements. We believe that the audit evidence
                                                              of the financial statements
     we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
     provide a basis for our opinion.
                                                              How the Matter was Addressed
     In addition to audit services, our firm provided other   in our Audit
     services in the areas of tax services, accounting        We obtained management’s accounting
     advisory, tax due diligence and IT support services.     assessment for the transaction at 31 March 2020.
     We have no other relationship with, or interests in,     To obtain an understanding of the transaction,
     the Company or its subsidiaries.



48   me | today annual report | financial statements
we read the sale and purchase agreements               financial statements, our responsibility is to read
between the entities involved. We compared the         the other information and, in doing so, consider
assessment to the requirements of the accounting       whether the other information is materially
standards NZ IFRS 3 Business Combinations and          inconsistent with the consolidated financial
NZ IFRS 2 Share-based Payment. We challenged           statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit
the conclusions reached by management,                 or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
and assessed the Group’s conclusions against           If, based on the work we have performed, we
the requirements of the relevant accounting            conclude that there is a material misstatement of
standards, including interpretation guidance and       this other information, we are required to report
authoritative support.                                 that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

We reviewed the basis for the valuation of
the acquisition consideration, including the           DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES
independent advisor’s appraisal report.
                                                       FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
We reviewed management’s assessment of the             FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
fair value of the assets and liabilities of Me Today
Limited at the date of the transaction. We             The directors are responsible on behalf of the
performed reasonable assurance procedures on           Group for the preparation and fair presentation
the fair value of Me Today Limited’s assets and        of the consolidated financial statements in
liabilities at 31 March 2020.                          accordance with NZ IFRS, and for such internal
                                                       control as the directors determine is necessary
Comparative information disclosed in the               to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements is that of the continuing         financial statements that are free from material
business of the accounting acquirer, The Good          misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Brand Company Limited, which was previously
unaudited. We performed audit procedures to            In preparing the consolidated financial
ensure the comparative financial information is        statements, the directors are responsible on
fairly presented.                                      behalf of the Group for assessing the Group’s
                                                       ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing,
We assessed the presentation and disclosure of         as applicable, matters related to going concern
the transaction against the requirements of the        and using the going concern basis of accounting
relevant accounting standards.                         unless the directors either intend to liquidate the
                                                       Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
                                                       alternative but to do so.
OTHER INFORM ATION
The directors are responsible for the other
                                                       AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES
information. The other information comprises
the Annual Report, but does not include the            FOR THE AUDIT OF THE
consolidated financial statements and our              CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
auditor’s report thereon.
                                                       STATEMENTS
Our opinion on the consolidated financial
                                                       Our objectives are to obtain reasonable
statements does not cover the other information
                                                       assurance about whether the consolidated
and we do not express any form of audit opinion
                                                       financial statements as a whole are free from
or assurance conclusion thereon.
                                                       material misstatement, whether due to fraud
In connection with our audit of the consolidated       or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that




                                                                financial statements | me | today annual report   49
     includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a        WHO WE REPORT TO
     high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
     that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs        This report is made solely to the Company’s
     (NZ) will always detect a material misstatement        shareholders, as a body. Our audit work has been
     when it exists. Misstatements can arise from           undertaken so that we might state those matters
     fraud or error and are considered material             which we are required to state to them in an
     if, individually or in the aggregate, they could       auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the
     reasonably be expected to influence the decisions      fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept
     of users taken on the basis of these consolidated      or assume responsibility to anyone other than the
     financial statements.                                  Company and the Company’s shareholders, as a
                                                            body, for our audit work, for this report or for the
     A further description of our responsibility for the    opinions we have formed.
     audit of the financial statements is located on the
     External Reporting Board’s website at:                 The engagement partner on the audit resulting in
                                                            this independent auditor’s report is Chris Neves.
     https://www.xrb.govt.nz/assurance-standards/
     auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-1/

     This description forms part of our auditor’s report.

                                                            BDO Auckland
                                                            New Zealand
                                                            26 May 2020




50   me | today annual report | financial statements
financial statements | me | today annual report   51
shareholder
& statutory
information
     Shareholder Information
     FOR THE 9 MONTHS ENDED 31 M ARCH 2020
     To ensure the Group meets its requirements under the NZX Listing Rules and Companies Act 1993, the
     information presented here in the shareholder information report is for the 9-month period from 1 July
     2019. This was CSM Group Limited’s previous reporting date prior to the reverse acquisition, which
     occurred on 31 March 2020 as outlined in note 22.



     STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING
     The Company’s shares are listed on the NZX Market (“NZX”).



     20 L ARGEST SHAREHOLDINGS AS AT 24 APRIL 2020

      Name                                                             No. of shares             % of shares

      MTL Securities Limited                                           222,000,000                   60.84%

      Hunter Holdings Limited                                           44,000,000                   12.06%

      Marvel Fantasy Limited                                             20,000,000                   5.48%

      Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited                                    18,000,506                   4.93%

      Ilakolako Investment Limited                                       12,985,000                   3.56%

      APZ Limited                                                        12,504,958                   3.43%

      Wallflower Limited                                                  8,933,400                   2.45%

      Minera Varry Minerals Limited                                       3,882,000                   1.06%

      Custodial Services Limited                                          3,400,010                   0.93%

      Ashvegas Limited                                                    2,400,000                   0.66%

      Brett Allan Wilkinson & Julie Helen Wilkinson                       2,342,273                   0.64%

      Simon Peter Barnes & David Nicolas Barnes
                                                                          2,000,000                   0.55%
      & Richard Wallace Herbert

      Laddara Pty Limited                                                 2,000,000                   0.55%

      Karen Anne Mackenzie Paget                                           1,963,056                  0.54%

      Shane David Edmond                                                   1 ,660,17 1                0.45%

      Tuberose Limited                                                     1,438,000                  0.39%

      Russell Graham Roberts                                               1,100,000                  0.30%

      Dunkeld Pastoral Co Pty Ltd                                           835,841                   0.23%

      John Edward Connell                                                   741,586                   0.20%

      Adrian William Vance                                                  600,000                   0.16%

      Michael Lenihan                                                       460,000                    0.13%



54   me | today annual report | shareholder & statutory information
DISTRIBUTIONS OF ORDINARY SHARES AS AT 24 APRIL 2020

                           Number of Security Holders                         Number of Securities

 Size of Holding                Number                     %                   Number                       %

 1-1,000                           1,441             94.49%                      45,313                 0.01%

 1,001-5,000                          26               1.70%                     81,531                0.02%

 5,001-10,000                         13              0.85%                    103,952                 0.03%

 10,001-50,000                       20                1.31%                   550,428                  0.15%

 50,001-100,000                        1              0.07%                     69,587                 0.02%

 100,001 or more                      24              1.58%               364,059,186                 99.77%

                                   1,525            100.00%               364,909,997               100.00%


The total number of shares on issue as at 31 March 2020 was 1,824,550,000. The 1 for 5 share
consolidation took place on 3 April 2020.




SUBSTANTIAL SECURIT Y HOLDERS
Pursuant to Section 35F of the Securities Markets Act 1988, details of substantial security holders and
their total relevant interests as at 31 March 2020.



                                                 No. of shares     Relevant interest             % of shares

 MTL Securities Limited                          1,110,000,000             Beneficial                 60.84%

 Michael Sorensen and Adam Sorensen              220,000,000               Beneficial                 12.06%

 Marvel Fantasy Limited                           100,000,000              Beneficial                  5.48%




                                                  shareholder & statutory information | me | today annual report   55
     Statutory Information
     FOR THE 9 MONTHS TO 31 M ARCH 2020
     To ensure the Group meets its requirements under the NZX Listing Rules and Companies Act 1993, the
     information presented here in the shareholder information report is for the 9-month period from 1 July

     2019. This was CSM Group Limited’s previous reporting date prior to reverse acquisition, which occurred
     on 31 March 2020 as outlined in note 22.




     DIRECTORS
     The directors of Me Today Limited and its subsidiaries during the 9 months, including appointments and
     resignations during the period, are listed below:


                                                                      Appointed            Resigned

      Me Today Limited (formerly CSM Group Ltd)        G Baker         31 March 2020

                                                       H Barrett       31 March 2020

                                                       R Gower

                                                       S Joyce                             31 March 2020

                                                       M Kerr          31 March 2020

                                                       P Li                                31 March 2020

                                                       T Preston       11 Dec 2020         31 March 2020

                                                       Z Shi                               31 March 2020

                                                       S Sinclair      31 March 2020

                                                       A Vriens        31 March 2020

      The Good Brand Company Limited                   G Baker

                                                       M Kerr

                                                       S Sinclair

      Me Today NZ Limited                              M Kerr

                                                       S Sinclair

      Today Limited                                    M Kerr

                                                       S Sinclair




     DIRECTORS’ SHAREHOLDING
     G Baker, M Kerr and S Sinclair have a joint relevant interest in 222,000,000 shares in the Company.



56   me | today annual report | shareholder & statutory information
INDEPENDENT DIRECTORS
The Board consider H Barrett, R Gower and A Vriens to be independent.




DIRECTORS’ REMUNER ATION
Details of the nature and the amount of remuneration of each director for the nine months ended 31
March 2020 are:


 NZ’000                  Consulting Fees        Directors Fees           Salary/Wages                    Total

 Directors of Me Today Limited

 Roger Gower                            -                    79                       -                     79

 S Joyce                               49                    63                       -                     112

 P Li                                   -                    62                       -                     62

 T Preston                              -                     -                       -                      -

 Z Shi                                  -                    62                       -                     62

 Directors of Subsidiaries

 G Baker                                -                     -                       -                      -

 M Kerr                                 -                     -                     116                    116

 S Sinclair                            45                     -                       -                     45


As at 31 March 2020 $6,402 is outstanding to P Li for director’s fees.




                                                   shareholder & statutory information | me | today annual report   57
     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS
     The directors provided the following disclosure of interests in which, due to the nature of their
     relationship, may be related parties to Me Today Limited.


      Particulars of interest                                   Position

      Grant Baker

      MTL Securities Limited                                     Director

      Baker Consultants Limited                                  Director / Shareholder

      Velocity Capital GP Limited                                Director / Shareholder

      Roger Gower

      Roger Gower & Associates Limited                           Director / Shareholder

      Michael Kerr

      The Good Brand Company Limited                             Employee

      MTL Securities Limited                                     Director

      Stephen Sinclair

      MTL Securities Limited                                     Director

      Velocity Capital GP Limited                                Director / Shareholder

      Stephen Sinclair Consulting Limited                        Director / Shareholder

      Antony Vriens

      Insight Consulting Services Limited                        Director / Shareholder



     In addition, Directors disclosed the following              Grant Baker, Michael Kerr and Stephen Sinclair
     interests during the period:                                have disclosed a relevant interest in 222,000,000
                                                                 shares (post 5:1 consolidation) held by MTL
     MTL Securities Ltd is owned by Velocity Capital             Securities Limited, acquired for $5.5 million.
     and M and N Kerr Holdings Limited. Grant
     Baker and Stephen Sinclair are directors and                Before the consolidation and reverse listing of
     shareholders of Velocity Capital. Michael Kerr              Me Today, Ilakolako Investments Limited held 65
     is a director and shareholder of M and N Kerr               million shares in CSM Group Limited, of which
     Holdings Limited.                                           45 million were held on Trust for R L Preston
                                                                 and 20 million were held directly by Ilakolako
     On 30 March 2020 Me Today Limited (formerly                 Investments. R L Preston is a 50% shareholder
     CSM Group Limited) was acquired by The Good                 in Ilakolako Investments and is the wife of Mr
     Brand Company Limited through a reverse                     Tim Preston.
     acquisition. 60.84% (222,000,000 shares post 5:1
     consolidation) of the shares of Me Today Limited
     were acquired by MTL Securities Ltd in exchange
     for 100% of the shares in The Good Brand
     Company Limited.




58   me | today annual report | shareholder & statutory information
INDEMNIFICATION AND INSUR ANCE OF DIRECTORS AND
OFFICERS
As permitted by the New Zealand Companies Act 1993, the Group has provided insurance for, and
indemnity to, directors and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries for losses from actions
undertaken in the course of their duties, unless the liability related to conduct involving lack of
good faith.




REMUNER ATION OF EMPLOYEES
Other than Directors of the Group noted above, there was no remuneration and benefits above $100,000
paid to any employee for the nine months ended 31 March 2020.




AUDITOR
BDO Auckland is the auditor for the Group. Audit fees due and payable to the auditor (excluding
GST) are $38,000. BDO also provided $34,254 of tax, IT support and accounting advisory services to
the Group.




DONATIONS
No donations were paid during the nine months ended 31 March 2020.




NOTES SPECIFIC TO THE SUBSIDIARIES
No employees of the subsidiaries, who were not directors, received remuneration and benefits exceeding
NZD$100,000 per annum during the 9 months ending 31 March 2020.

No donations were made by the subsidiaries for the nine months ended 31 March 2020.




NZX WAIVERS
On 26 July 2019 the Group was granted a waiver from NZ Listing rule 2.13.3(f) to the extent this rule would
otherwise require the Group to ensure the key audit partner is changed every five years.




                                                  shareholder & statutory information | me | today annual report   59
 corporate
governance
& company
 directory
     Corporate Governance Statement
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 M ARCH 2020
     The Board is responsible for the overall corporate governance of the Company, and it recognises the
     need for the highest standards of behaviour and accountability. The Board intends to develop strategies
     for the Company, review strategic objectives and monitor the Company’s performance against those
     objectives. The overall goals of the corporate governance process are to:

     •   drive shareholder value;

     •   assure a prudential and ethical base to the Company’s conduct and activities; and

     •   ensure compliance with the Company’s legal and regulatory obligations.

     The Governance Principles adopted by the Board are designed to achieve these goals.

     The full content of the Company’s Governance Code and related polices and charters, can be found at
     the following link (https://www.metodayinvestors.com/corporate-governance/).

     Given the reverse listing transaction that completed on 31 March, the board will review and ensure all
     corporate governance policies are fit for purpose moving forward.




     CODE OF ETHICS
     The board has documented a code of ethics, which can be found at https://www.metodayinvestors.com/
     corporate-governance/, detailing the ethical standards to which Me Today Ltd’s directors and
     employees (if any) are expected to adhere.




     ROLE OF THE BOARD
     The Board assumes the following primary responsibilities:

     •   formulation and approval of the strategic direction, objectives and goals of the Company;

     •   monitoring the financial performance of the Company, including approval of the Company’s
         financial statements;

     •   ensuring that adequate internal control systems and procedures exist and that compliance with
         these systems and procedures is maintained;

     •   review of performance and remuneration of Directors and Executive Officers; and

     •   establishment and maintenance of appropriate ethical standards for the Company to operate by.

     A formal Governance Code, which can be found at https://www.metodayinvestors.com/corporate-
     governance/, has been adopted by the Board and outlines Directors’ responsibilities. The Board
     internally evaluates its performance and continues to assess the size, diversity and skills of the Board.
     The Board will review its Corporate Governance practice against current best practice and continue to
     develop company policies and procedures, as deemed necessary.




62   me | today annual report | corporate governance & company directory
BOARD COMPOSITION
In accordance with the Company’s constitution the Board will comprise not less than three directors. The
Board will be comprised of a mix of persons with complementary skills appropriate to the Company’s
objectives and strategies.

The Board currently comprises six Directors, three of whom are Independent. The Board considers that,
although it does not have a majority of independent board members per the NZX Corporate Governance
Code Recommendation, it has the right balance for the current size and structure of the Company.
Independence of directors is assessed against the factors included in the Company’s Governance Code.

Although the Chair of the board is not Independent, the board considers that for the size and structure of
the Company, an Independent Chair is not required at this time.




BOARD MEETINGS
The Board of the previous CSM Group normally met six times each year for scheduled meetings. The new
Me Today Group board will meet 11 times each year. Additional meetings are held where specific matters
require attention between scheduled meetings. Board meetings are used to monitor, challenge, develop
and fully understand business and operational issues.




CRITERIA FOR BOARD MEMBERSHIP
When a vacancy arises, the Board will identify candidates with a mix of diversity, capabilities and
perspectives considered necessary for the Board to carry out its responsibilities effectively. A Director
appointed by the Board must stand for election at the next Annual Meeting. No director shall hold office
(without re-election) past the third annual meeting following that directors’ appointment or 3 years,
whichever is longer. Retiring Directors are eligible for re-election.




BOARD COMMIT TEES
The Board has established an Audit, Finance and Risk Committee and a Remuneration, Nomination and
Health & Safety Committee.

The Audit, Finance and Risk Committee operates under a Charter approved by the Board and is
accountable to the Board for: the business relationship with, and the independence of, external auditors;
the reliability and appropriateness of the disclosure of the financial statements and external financial
communication; and the maintenance of an effective business risk management framework including
compliance and internal controls. The Audit, Finance and Risk Committee is chaired by Mr Roger Gower
with Stephen Sinclair and Hannah Barrett as members. Mr Gower and Ms Barrett are Independent
Directors.

The Remuneration, Nominations and Health & Safety Committee operates under a Charter approved
by the Board. The role of the Remuneration, Nominations and Health & Safety Committee is to consider
the appointment of any future Directors and their suitability to hold that position, the employment
of senior executive employees of the Company, and reviewing Health & Safety policies to ensure the
Company is providing a safe working environment for all employees and contractors. The Remuneration,




                                           corporate governance & company directory | me | today annual report   63
     Nominations and Health & Safety Committee is also responsible for considering the remuneration to be
     paid to executive employees and Directors.

     During the period under review, given the current size of the board and composition of the sub
     committees, the board incorporated all matters of the Remuneration, Nominations and Health & Safety
     Committee as a separate part of board meetings.

     The Audit Committee met separately on 18 May 2020.




     TR ADING IN SHARES
     The Company has a detailed Financial Markets Trading Policy applying to all Directors and employees
     which can be found at https://www.metodayinvestors.com/corporate-governance/. The procedures
     outlined in this policy must be followed by all Directors and employees to obtain consent to trade in the
     Group’s shares, at all times. Under the policy, trading restrictions (blackout periods) apply:

     •   two weeks before 30 September until 48 hours after the half-year results are released to NZX;

     •   two weeks before 31 March until 48 hours after the full-year results are released to NZX; and

     •   30 days prior to release of an offer document (such as a product disclosure statement or prospectus)
         for a general public offer of the same class of shares.

     Outside the black-out periods specified above, dealing is subject to the notification and consent
     requirements outlined in the policy.




     M AKE TIMELY AND BAL ANCED DISCLOSURE
     The Company has in place procedures designed to ensure compliance with the NZX Listing Rules such
     that all investors have equal and timely access to material information concerning the Company,
     including its financial situation, performance, ownership and governance.

     Company announcements are factual and presented in a clear and balanced way.

     Significant market announcements, including the preliminary announcement of the half year and full
     year results, and the financial statements for those periods, require review by the Board prior to release.

     The Group’s Market Disclosure Policy to ensure it complies with its continuous disclosure obligations at
     all times can be found at https://www.metodayinvestors.com/corporate-governance/.




     HEALTH AND SAFET Y
     The Group’s Board is responsible for oversight of the Company’s health and safety risks. Creating a safe
     working environment for any employees or contractors is a key focus for the Company.




64   me | today annual report | corporate governance & company directory
CORPOR ATE GOVERNANCE BEST PR ACTICE CODE
The Group was previously listed on the NZAX Market and migrated to the NZX Main Board on 1 July 2019.
Since the date of its migration to the main board, the Group has followed the recommendations in the
NZX Corporate Governance Code in all material aspects, other than recommendation 2.8 (majority of
the board should be independent) and recommendation 2.9 (the Chair should be independent).




DIVERSIT Y POLICY
The Group recognises the wide-ranging benefits that diversity brings to an organisation. The Company
endeavours to incorporate diversity to ensure a balance of skills and perspectives are available to
benefit our shareholders, which is reflected in the Company’s Diversity Policy, which can be found at
https://www.metodayinvestors.com/corporate-governance/.

As at 31 March 2020, the gender balance of the Company’s directors was as follows:


 Directors                                                     2020                                  2019

 Female                                                            1                                     1

 Male                                                              5                                    3

 Total                                                             6                                    4


The Group has one executive employee, being Michael Kerr for both the year to 31 March 2020 and 2019.




                                         corporate governance & company directory | me | today annual report   65
     Company Directory

         REGISTERED OFFICE

         Level 3,
         Building 10
         Central Park
         666 Great South Road
         Ellerslie
         Auckland 1061
         New Zealand


         POSTAL ADDRESS

         PO Box 24421
         Royal Oak
         Auckland 1345


         SHARE REGISTRY

         Link Market Services
         Level 11, Deloitte Centre
         80 Queen Street
         Auckland 1010
         PO Box 91976
         Auckland 1142
         New Zealand


         BANKERS

         BNZ
         Deloitte Building
         80 Queens Street
         Auckland 1010
         New Zealand


         AUDITOR

         BDO Auckland
         4 Graham Street
         Auckland
         New Zealand




66   me | today annual report | corporate governance & company directory
METODAY.COM
