29 July 2026

                               Me Today market update
Me Today is pleased to advise it now expects its gross revenue for the year ended 30 June 2026 to
be higher and the EBITDA loss to be less than the guidance provided on 7 May. The full year results
are being audited, and the final results will be released to the NZX prior to 31 August 2026.

On 7 May 2026 Me Today advised that it expected gross revenue for the year ended 30 June 2026 to
exceed $7.4m and that its EBITDA loss would be less than $1.6m.

The expected increase in gross revenue comes from growth in the New Zealand market and strong
international opportunities.

Two of the Me Today co-founders recently returned from SE Asia and China where they attended
events showcasing the Me Today brand.

In Malaysia, Me Today launched at the second-anniversary event of its distributor. Michael Kerr and
Stephen Sinclair shared the story behind the brand and introduced the initial product portfolio to
more than 600 influencers and reseller partners. Product has been shipped into South East Asia
ahead of launch, with nine products now available for sale in market.

In China, Me Today exhibited at CBME, the Children, Baby and Maternity Expo, held from 15 to 17
July at the National Exhibition and Convention Centre in Shanghai. The event attracted around
100,000 trade buyers from China and international markets. Me Today’s 50-square-metre display
generated strong interest from buyers, consumers and influencers.

In New Zealand, the brand continues to grow, supported by expanded shelf presence with its largest
retail partner and the successful launch of new products.

Developing new products to broaden the range and strengthen the consumer offering remains a key
strategy, with a further 20 products expected to launch in New Zealand this calendar year.

The brand continues to have a presence in other international markets with ongoing sales activity in
the USA, Japan, Ireland and the UAE. In the USA Me Today continues to build relationships in both
offline and online channels.

Further information will be provided in our results announcement prior to the end of August.

For further information, please contact:

Grant Baker
Chairman, Me Today Limited
021 729 800

Stephen Sinclair
CEO, Me Today Limited
021 330 053
stephen@metoday.com




                                                                                                      1
