25 February 2026

  Me Today Ltd announces six-month results to 31 December 2025
    • Results for the six months ended 31 December 2025 shows revenue of
      $2.55m and a loss from continuing operations of $902k
    • Net loss is a reduction of 39% on the net loss of $1.48m in the six
      months in the prior year
    • Me Today gross revenue from continuing operations grows 21% from
      $2.69m to $3.25m for the half year
    • Me Today forecasts gross revenue to exceed $6.5m for the full year
      ended 30 June 2026
    • Strong international growth opportunities
    • New product launches and growth in the local NZ market
    • Positive working capital of $5m at 31 December 2025
Me Today Limited (NZX: MEE) has released its unaudited Group results for the six months ended
31 December 2025.

Results show Me Today and agency revenue from continuing operations of $2.55m, an increase of
19% compared to $2.15m for the six months ended 31 December 2024, and a loss after tax of $902k
from continuing operations, a reduction of 39% on the loss of $1.48m in the first six months in the
year prior.

The total Group net profit for the period was $3.22m, this included a gain of $4.1m on the disposal
of the King Honey business. King Honey was placed into receivership on 27 July 2025. The
receivership has had a positive impact on the balance sheet of the Me Today Group. The liabilities
relating to King Honey exceeded the carrying value of assets by $4.1m creating a gain on disposal
which has now been reflected in these half year financial statements. Me Today was ring fenced
from the King Honey debt security group meaning that after the receivership the net liabilities of
King Honey Limited were no longer the responsibility of the Me Today Group.

At 31 December 2025 the balance sheet of Me Today has positive working capital $5.0m which
provides support for the brand as the Group increases sales and expands into new markets.

The Me Today brand and the agency business recorded revenue before marketing costs paid to a
customer of $3.25m which is growth of 21% on HY24. The costs of marketing services provided by
customers were $698k an increase on HY24 where these costs were $542k.

The net loss for the brand and agency business was $277k, which is an improvement of 67% on the
loss of $844k in HY24.

In addition to the brand and agency business the Group incurred head office and listed company
costs of $625k for HY25 which was slightly down on costs of $632k in HY24.




                                                                                                      1
Brand strategy and forecast for the full year ending 30 June 2026
The business continues to focus on growing revenue and reducing costs where possible,
acknowledging that investment is still required in the brand and the distribution network. For the
FY26 financial year the business is expecting full year gross revenue to exceed $6.5m and the
operating EBITDA loss to be less than $1.7m.


The strategy for Me Today is to focus on growth through:

    •   Continuing to gain market share in New Zealand.
    •   Evolving the product offering and bringing new products to market.
    •   Maximizing and leveraging the China licensing arrangement.
    •   Developing existing international opportunities in the US, Japan, the UAE and Ireland
    •   Developing a new distribution partner for SE Asia
    •   Investing in brand marketing


New Zealand

The home market of New Zealand continues to be an important focus for the Group. The Me Today
brand is listed in some of New Zealand's largest retailers such as Chemist Warehouse, Woolworths,
Unichem & Life Pharmacies, Bargain Chemist, Independent Pharmacies and Health 2000 stores. Me
Today is also available online at trusted sites, such as: Health Post, Pharmacy Direct and at
www.metoday.com.

Me Today continues to grow in the New Zealand market. The growth has come from expanded shelf
presence in our biggest retail partner. As a result of the increase in sales, we have negotiated a
further increase in space. We are currently launching our new planogram with the shelf space
increasing to six shelves during March. Given the current performance of the brand, we believe that
this will deliver a further lift in sales. At the same time, we are investing further in store and
increasing our promotional display space.

Our scan data in New Zealand continues to perform well with retail sales increasing 132% in the 12
months to 18 February 2026 on the previous 12 month period.

Evolving the product offering and bringing new products to market

The Me Today product offering sits across the following four categories:

    •   Supplements
    •   Skincare
    •   Manuka Honey
    •   Potent Herbal Liquids

We continue to evolve the product range, and we believe there is still a lot of room to grow and take
advantage of changing trends in the marketplace. The brand recognises the importance of a
product-lead strategy with the consumer now more than ever looking for new, efficacious and
trending ingredients, which provide a unique point of difference.

The 2025 calendar year saw the launch of 17 new products with the launch of the Me Today Potent
Herbal range of liquid supplements and new supplements in varying formats across capsules, resin
and a liquid spray for stress support.


                                                                                                     2
In February 2026 Me Today launched three new targeted supplements — High Dose NMN 250, Slim
Biotic Complex and Black Seed Oil — expanding the Company’s premium wellness portfolio. The
products address key consumer demand areas including cellular energy, metabolic health and
immune support, and reflect Me Today’s continued focus on science-backed, high-quality
formulations aligned to global wellness trends.

We have further strengthened our women’s wellness portfolio with the launch of four new
functional powder blends: Belly Bliss, Choc N Chill, Blood Sugar Sync and Blood Sugar & Cycle Sync.
These innovations address key consumer demand areas including digestive health, stress and sleep
support, blood sugar balance and hormonal wellbeing. This marks Me Today’s first entry into great-
tasting powdered supplements, delivering both immediate sensory appeal and tangible health
benefits in every serve.

We have received very good feedback on the new products from our retail partners and look
forward to seeing the results as the products roll out into store during February and March.

We are also developing further products in powders which we hope to launch into the New Zealand
market in the second quarter of the 2026 calendar year. We will share further updates as the launch
timeline for these is finalized.

Me Today China brand Licensing Agreement
As advised previously, Me Today signed a full suite of commercials agreements with a large Chinese
sports nutrition company. The licence agreements provide for payment of a licensing fee to Me
Today over a period of 10 years based on revenue earned in Greater China by the licensor. The
agreements also allow for the licensor to progressively acquire up to 50% of the greater China
trademark should they achieve certain revenue targets.

During FY25 our partner achieved revenue targets contained within the commercial agreements and
gave notice to acquire a 20% ownership in the Me Today China trademark per those agreements. On
the basis of internal reporting we believe they have achieved revenue targets to provide us with a
notice to further increase their shareholding in the Me Today China trademark. We will continue
discussions with them post Chinese New Year to understand timings to receive the new shareholding
notice.

The licence fee is payable by the licensor as a percentage of revenue. The next reporting period for
the revenue finishes on 31 March 2026, where a fee will be payable on the sales of Me Today
product in China. The licence fee estimated as payable by the licensor in the nine months to 31
December 2025 is NZD $640k.

The arrangement is an exciting partnership for the Me Today brand which, as well as creating new
revenue and increasing global brand visibility, is also helping to access new product development
concepts. The focus in China includes promoting Me Today across the Chinese TikTok platform,
Douyin and now expanding further into other online platforms and direct to consumer sales models.
The reach of distribution not only focuses on Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities in China, it expands further into
Tier 3, 4 & 5 cities providing access to a large number of consumers.

USA
The USA market focuses on both offline and online channels. Investment continues in the Online
space with work ongoing with our digital agency assisting in developing the strategy to grow sales.

The offline business in the USA is Manuka honey focused with partnerships in the grocery and
consumer retail channels, the change in business model for Manuka honey making it easier to access

                                                                                                       3
these channels. The channel, however, is price sensitive. During the six months there was some
uncertainty as to whether Me Today Manuka Honey would be part of the customers core range. A
review was completed and ranging has now been confirmed. Purchases from the customer were
lower while the review was being completed and created a reduction in period on period sales to the
US. So far this calendar year we have received orders totaling NZD $430k for delivery in February
and March. We have also received an ongoing forecast which will be subject to us securing Manuka
honey at the right grade and quantity.

Japan
We have an established partner in the Me Today brand across Manuka honey, Skincare and
Supplements. We have been building the sales channel with our Japanese partner and trialing new
format opportunities. Our partner secured an opportunity to list Me Today in a large retail chain
during 2025. We have received follow-up orders of our offering of multi floral Manuka infused with
specific ingredients. We are working with our partner to understand the support they need to
further grow the market in 2026.

Ireland
In Ireland we have secured extended ranging with Chemist Warehouse across our Supplement and
Skincare range. We have products in market and are selling on shelves. We are expanding the range
in quarter two of the calendar year. When the roll out is complete we will have 30 products in store.
Chemist Warehouse currently has 16 stores in Ireland and are looking to expand this footprint
further. We will monitor sell out and discuss the in-market investment plan with Chemist Warehouse
ongoing.

SE Asia
We have an opportunity to launch Me Today products in SE Asia and we are in discussion with a local
distributor. We are working through the registration requirements for the market with the
distributor and we are considering a launch into Singapore and Malaysia during 2026 and then into
Thailand and Vietnam in 2027.

We will update further as discussions progress.

The Me Today board, management and staff are excited about the opportunities for the brand and
look forward to continuing the growth of the brand footprint both in New Zealand and
internationally. We would like to also thank our shareholders for their ongoing support.


For further information, please contact:

Grant Baker
Chairman, Me Today Limited
021 729 800

Stephen Sinclair
CEO, Me Today Limited
021 330 053
stephen@metoday.com




                                                                                                     4
