4 June 2026

 China partner meets revenue threshold to take 40% ownership in
                 the Me Today China trademark
Me Today Limited advises that its China partner has given notice to take its ownership in the Me
Today China brand to 40%.

As advised on 1 July 2024, Me Today signed a full suite of commercial agreements with a large
Chinese Sports Nutrition Company. The licence agreements provide for payment of a licencing fee
over a period of 10 years to Me Today based on revenue earned in greater China by the licensee.
The agreements also allow for the licensee to progressively acquire up to 50% of the greater China
trademark should they achieve certain revenue targets.

We have received and verified a further notice from our licence partner advising they have achieved
sufficient revenue to enable them to take ownership of a further 20% of the Me Today brand in
China. This notice together with the notice provided in February 2025 increases their total
ownership in the brand to 40%.

The licence fee payable to Me Today was set as a fixed fee in year one and in year two onwards it is
payable as a percentage of revenue. The second year of our partnership ended on 31 March 2026.
The fee is calculated as a percentage of sales of Me Today product in China and the licence fee
received for the 12 months ended 31 March 2026 was NZD $1.1m.

As described previously the arrangement in China is an exciting partnership for the Me Today brand.
Our partner has considerable scale in China and the success of the sales of the Me Today brand
through their network is now being realised through the licence fee revenue being earned by Me
Today in New Zealand. We are also seeing the benefit of sales in China having a positive impact on
the interest in the brand in New Zealand and in other international markets.

The new distribution agreement for Me Today in SE Asia that we advised to the market on 7 May
2026 was borne out of the visibility of the brand in China.

For further information, please contact:

Grant Baker
Chairman, Me Today Limited
021 729 800

Stephen Sinclair
CEO, Me Today Limited
021 330 053
stephen@metoday.com




                                                                                                       1
