                        People caring
                        for people
                        Annual Report 2023




For personal use only
                        CONTENTS
                                                                                                                                                                         About this report
                                                                                                                                                                         This report has been designed to be read in its entirety.
                        1 YEAR IN REVIEW                                                                                                                             4   Key aspects of the Directors Report are found throughout
                        2 OUR BUSINESS                                                                                                                               8   the document, including Section 2 which includes Key
                                                                                                                                                                         Risks, Section 3 Operating and Financial Review, Section 4
                        3 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW                                                                                                            28   Remuneration Report, and Section 5 Corporate Governance.
                        4 REMUNERATION REPORT – AUDITED                                                                                                             43   This information should be read in conjunction with the
                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Statements in Section 6.
                        5 DIRECTORS’ REPORT                                                                                                                         66
                        6 FINANCIAL RESULTS                                                                                                                         77   This is the second year that the Annual Report has been
                                                                                                                                                                         prepared with reference to the Value Reporting Foundation’s
                                                                                                                                                                         Integrated Reporting Framework. We have used this
                                                                                                                                                                         framework to outline the key value drivers of the business
                                                                                                                                                                         performance, the Company’s strategy and the key trends
                                                                                                                                                                         driving it and the risks and opportunities around achieving
                                                                                                                                                                         the strategy.

                                                                                                                                                                         Ramsay is committed to progressing the United Nations
                                                                                                                                                                         Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and we have
                                                                                                                                                                         mapped our priority goals to our material sustainability




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                         issues (page 12).

                                                                                                                                                                         Further information on our sustainability performance will
                                                                                                                                                                         be contained in our FY23 Impact Report, which is published
                                                                                                                                                                         in October.



                        2023 Ramsay Annual                                                                                                                               Sustainable
                        Reporting Suite                                                                                                                                  Development Goals
                                                                                                                                                                         We are committed to driving action toward the Sustainable
                                                                                           People caring
                                                                                           for people
                                                                                           Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                                                         Development Goals (SDGs), as adopted in 2015 by the United
                                                                                                                                                                         Nations and member countries.




                        Annual Report                                                                           Impact Report


                            Corporate Governance
                            Statement 2023




                                                                                                                 FY23 Result
                                                                                                                 Presentation
                                                                                                                 12 months ended 30 June 2023


                                                                                                                 Speakers:
                                                                                                                 • Managing Director and CEO - Craig McNally
                                                                                                                 • Group Chief Financial Officer - Martyn Roberts
                        Ramsay Health Care Limited
                        ACN 001 288 768


                                                                                                                 People caring for people
                        1       Ramsay Health Care / Corporate Governance Statement 2023




                        Corporate                                                                               FY23 Results Presentation
                        Governance Statement



                                       For more information about our reporting
                                       suite, visit our website
                                        ramsayhealth.com/en/investors/
                                         results-and-reports/




                        2                     Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        Who we are




                                                                                                                                                                              Year in Review




                        The Ramsay Way




For personal use only
                        People are at the heart of our success. As ‘people caring for people’ there are three key ways we approach our work every day.



                                                                                                                                                                              Our Business
                         We value strong relationships                    We aim to constantly improve                  We seek to grow sustainably
                         Healthy working relationships lead to            We do things the right way. We                Maintaining sustainable levels of
                         positive outcomes for all. We look out           enjoy our work and take pride in              profitability are only part of our success.
                         for the people we work with and we               our achievements. We are not afraid           We prioritise long term success over short
                         respect and recognise them. Strong healthy       to challenge the status quo to find           term financial gains because we care
                         relationships are the foundation of our          better ways.                                  about our people, our community and
                         stakeholder loyalty.                                                                           our planet.



                        Ramsay Cares                                                                                                                                       Operating and
                        The Ramsay Cares Sustainability Strategy unites our global businesses in a shared vision for sustainability. Ramsay Cares focuses on
                        fostering healthier people, stronger communities and a thriving planet. It reaffirms that we are here to have a positive impact for current       Financial Review
                        and future generations. Find out more at ramsayhealth.com/ramsaycares.




                                                                                                                                                                          Remuneration Report



                                                                                                                                                                              – Audited




                                                                                                                                                                              Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                              Financial Results




                                                                                                                         Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023        3
                        1 Year in Review


                        Annual Highlights
                        FY23 was another challenging year for the healthcare



                                                                                          $1.0bn
                        sector, however the business environment is recovering
                        from the disruption of the past few years and this was
                        reflected in an increase in activity levels across all our
                        regions. We are accelerating our digital and operational
                        transformation programs, with a focus on performance
                                                                                          Earnings before interest and tax^ increased
                        improvement in the Australian business and returning
                        our mental healthcare business Elysium to a profitable
                                                                                          14.6% on FY22




For personal use only
                        base from which to grow.                                          ^ EBIT including discontinued operations


                        Financial
                        Ramsay's FY23 operating result reflects a gradual recovery in



                                                                                          124.8cps
                        Australia, a strong improvement in Ramsay UK and another good
                        result from Ramsay Sime Darby partially offset by lower results
                        from Ramsay Santé and Elysium.


                                                                                          Fully diluted earnings per share increased
                                                                                          7.5% on FY22




                                                                                          75cps
                                                                                          Fully franked full year dividend declined
                                                                                          22.7% on FY22




                        4    Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                 Year in Review




                        Caring for People




For personal use only
                                                                                                                 Our Business
                        • Ramsay Australia recognised as a Top 10 most attractive
                          employer
                        • Ramsay Santé awarded the Parenthood Trophy by the
                          Observatoire de la Qualité de Vie au Travail
                        • 70+ NPS in Australia, Europe and UK (acute)
                        • 500+ people trained in Mental Health First Aid                                      Operating and

                        • The Ramsay Way Awards launched
                                                                                                             Financial Review




                        Caring for Planet
                                                                                                             Remuneration Report
                        • Net zero ambition on track to reduce scope one and two
                          emissions by 42% by 2030
                                                                                                                 – Audited
                        • All regions switching to anaesthetic gas options with lower
                          global warming potential
                        • Achieved >60% of target to install 6.3MW renewable energy
                          projects by 2026

                                                                                                                 Directors’ Report
                        Caring for Community
                        • 1,750 projects supported by Ramsay Hospital
                          Research Foundation
                        • Ramsay Santé commits to being a Mission Company

                                                                                                                 Financial Results
                        • 40% of global suppliers by spend
                          completed sustainability assessments



                                                                 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023   5
                        Chairman and Managing Director's Review




                        Dear Fellow Shareholder,                                                last year. We would like to point out that dividends in FY22 and
                                                                                                FY21 were paid at levels above our target payout ratio range. The
                                                                                                higher payout ratio in those years recognised that shareholders




For personal use only
                                                                                                did not receive a final dividend in FY20 due to the uncertainty
                        On behalf of the Board and senior management team, we
                                                                                                created by the first wave of COVID. Paying a dividend above our
                        thank our people and clinicians who have continued to deliver
                                                                                                target range was not sustainable in the long term and, in light of
                        our patients the highest quality of care as well as supporting
                                                                                                our elevated gearing levels at the current time the Board felt that it
                        colleagues, public authorities and hospital communities impacted
                                                                                                was prudent to pay at the bottom of our target range.
                        by local and regional issues including the pandemic, natural
                        disasters and conflict. We recognise their efforts through what
                        has been another challenging, albeit improving period for the
                                                                                                Digital and Operational
                        healthcare services sector.                                             Business Transformation
                        Financial Results                                                       We are taking action to position our business for the changes
                                                                                                the healthcare sector will face in the future. We are accelerating
                        It has been an extremely difficult year for the healthcare              our digital and operational transformation programs across all
                        sector but particularly so for the private hospital sector. The         our regions, with the priority being improving performance
                        challenges emerging from the pandemic around workforce,                 in Australia. These programs are designed to drive top line
                        inflation, additional costs and the rate of recovery in activity have   growth, improved operational and financial performance, a more
                        seen many in the industry struggle to stay profitable. In this          streamlined patient experience and better clinical outcomes.
                        context, the performance of the business has been very good
                                                                                                We are pleased to announce that Dr Rachna Gandhi, who started
                        with short- and medium-term initiatives delivering results that are
                                                                                                with us in December 2021, is expanding her role to include
                        better than the industry but still not at the level we expect.
                                                                                                driving all the business transformation programs in the Australian
                        The operating environment is now recovering and, while the rate         business. Dr Gandhi is highly respected for her exceptional track
                        of growth has been slower than anticipated, we are returning to         record of building and leading business transformation strategy
                        more normal patterns of activity. We experienced good growth in         and capability. Her new remit and broader team will bring together
                        surgical activity across all our regions over the year and a gradual    all the change programs happening across Ramsay Australia
                        recovery in non-surgical admissions driving an 11.6% increase in        to develop a single ‘roadmap’ for our business and digital
                        revenue. The 14.6% increase in EBIT for the year was driven             transformation. We look forward to providing you with more detail
                        by improved earnings in Australia, strong results from Asia and         on these programs at the AGM in November.
                        Ramsay UK partially offset by lower earnings from Ramsay Santé
                        and Elysium. The 8.8% increase in NPAT includes the impact of           Investing for Growth
                        materially higher financing costs and a higher effective tax rate.
                                                                                                In FY23 we continued to invest in the business to drive growth
                        Higher financing costs reflect rising interest rates and our elevated
                                                                                                with a particular focus on the brownfield and greenfield pipeline
                        gearing levels at the current time. We are committed to reducing
                                                                                                in Australia. Total investment in brownfield, greenfield and growth
                        our gearing over the course of FY24.
                                                                                                projects across the Group was $426m up from $350m in FY22.
                        After operating in line with budget for the first five months of        One of our key projects in Australia has been a greenfield site in
                        ownership, Elysium had a disappointing year, with acute labour          the under-serviced northern corridor of Melbourne. The Northern
                        shortages in non-clinical staff in particular resulting in materially   Hospital in Epping will open early in 2024 with 126 beds and 7
                        higher labour costs and lower occupancy due to the difficulty           theatres and treatment rooms. We have also recently opened new
                        in staffing facilities. The business has invested in centralising       facilities in the UK and France.
                        recruitment and training facilities to fast-track onboarding and
                                                                                                Given the escalation in building material costs and the other
                        training and improve retention rates which is proving to be
                                                                                                issues facing the building industry in Australia, we have modified
                        successful. We are confident of returning the business to a
                                                                                                our project pipeline with the emphasis shifting to investment in
                        stable platform from which it can take advantage of the growth
                                                                                                our digital and data programs. Our digital and data strategy has
                        opportunities in the mental health services market.
                                                                                                multiple streams of work at the current time and as mentioned
                        We declared a fully franked final dividend of 25 cents per              above, will accelerate over the next few years focused on building
                        share (cps) taking the full year dividend to a full franked 75cps       our foundations, improving efficiency and productivity and driving
                        representing a payout ratio of 60% at the bottom end of our target      better outcomes for our people, patients and clinicians.
                        payout ratio range of 60-70%. Understandably, shareholders may
                        be disappointed with the decline in the dividend compared to




                        6     Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        Board Changes and                                                      Priorities and Outlook
                        Corporate Governance                                                   We are making sure that Ramsay remains well positioned
                                                                                               to benefit from the strong industry tailwinds expected to
                        As a Board, we continually review our governance policies and
                                                                                               drive long term growth in the healthcare industry. These
                        practices to ensure they remain appropriate in light of changes
                                                                                               include technological and clinical developments; rising healthcare
                        in corporate governance expectations and developments. In
                                                                                               expenditure as a proportion of GDP; a growing and ageing
                        February, we approved our new Global Code of Conduct which
                                                                                               population; and the associated rising incidence of chronic
                        sets out clear expectations to ensure we all know the right way
                                                                                               conditions, which is also resulting in increasing health care costs
                        to behave, respond, take action and do our work. We do the right
                                                                                               for Governments creating commercial opportunities to partner for
                        thing, in the right way. We also approved updates to our Global
                                                                                               private healthcare providers.
                        Diversity & Inclusion Policy and other key governance policies and
                        adopted a new Global Responsible Sourcing Policy which sets            We remain committed to our strategy of creating an integrated
                        out the behaviour and standards that we expect all our suppliers       digitally-enabled healthcare services platform, with the emphasis
                        to uphold.                                                             of our investment program evolving with changes in the market.


                                                                                                                                                                          Year in Review
                                                                                               We are aware that shareholders are concerned with the recent
                        As you may have seen, in June this year we announced that Lead
                                                                                               underperformance of Ramsay’s share price. We will continue to
                        Independent Director David Thodey AO will become Chair of the
                                                                                               look at ways to translate the value we believe we have created in
                        Board following the 2023 Annual General Meeting. David joined
                                                                                               our portfolio into improved returns for shareholders.
                        the Board in November 2017 and is a business leader with more
                        than 40 years of experience focused on innovation, technology,         In FY24, the priority is to continue to strengthen our core hospital
                        digital transformation and telecommunications. After nine years        business through a series of transformation programs and by
                        leading Ramsay as Chair, I am pleased to see David take on the         investing in a wider range of services that feed into and support




For personal use only
                        role as Ramsay continues to pursue its strategy of becoming an         the core, driving an improved outcome for patients. This will
                        integrated, digitally-enabled healthcare provider of the future. I     propel top line growth and an improvement in margins over time.
                        intend to stand for re-election at the 2023 AGM and look forward


                                                                                                                                                                          Our Business
                                                                                               Given the ongoing pressure from inflation, in particular labour
                        to continuing to work with David and the Board.                        costs, we will be continuing discussions with private and public
                                                                                               payors to ensure that higher costs are reflected in reimbursement
                        Ramsay Cares                                                           rates. We will remain disciplined about mergers and acquisitions
                                                                                               and understand that shareholders want to see us focused on
                        Our Ramsay Cares sustainability strategy focuses on action
                                                                                               improving returns from our existing portfolio of businesses.
                        to support healthier people, a thriving planet and stronger
                        communities. The program is showing progress across the board,         Our key priorities will be improving the performance of the
                        as you will see later in the report, and our net zero ambition is on   Australian business and returning our mental health business in
                        track to reduce scope one and two greenhouse gas emissions by          the UK, Elysium, to a stable platform from which it can take
                        42% by 2030.                                                           advantage of the growth opportunities in the mental health
                                                                                                                                                                       Operating and
                                                                                               services market.
                        Our efforts to reduce emissions include a ‘greener theatres’
                        campaign and most of our hospitals have either cut out or greatly      In FY24, we expect Group earnings will reflect mid-single digit
                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Review
                        reduced use of the anaesthetic gas desflurane in favour of more        top line growth driven by low to mid-single digit growth in activity
                        planet-friendly options.                                               levels combined with higher reimbursement rates which are more
                                                                                               reflective of the inflationary environment. As we saw in FY23,
                        We know we can’t reach our targets alone and this year we have
                                                                                               margin recovery will be slowed by ongoing cost pressures that are
                        achieved our goal of getting at least 40% of our suppliers to
                                                                                               not fully reflected in reimbursement structures, combined with an
                        complete sustainability assessments and we are on track to reach
                                                                                               increase in digital and data investment which is an important plank
                        our 2026 target of 80% of suppliers.

                                                                                                                                                                      Remuneration Report
                                                                                               for our future growth.
                        We are proud to say we have more than 1,700 health and medical
                                                                                               As you may have seen, together with our joint venture partner
                        research projects underway at our Australian hospitals and, as
                                                                                               Sime Darby Berhad, we announced a sale process for Ramsay
                        a Mission Company, Ramsay Sante has committed to building

                                                                                                                                                                          – Audited
                                                                                               Sime Darby (RSD). Subsequent to the announcement in June, the
                        societal goals into its corporate plan.
                                                                                               process was commenced and resulted in the receipt of a number
                        Investment in Our People                                               of non-binding indicative offers. A select number of parties are
                                                                                               now in a phase 2 due diligence, the process is expected to
                        The skill shortages we have experienced over the past few              conclude towards the end of October. We are aiming to lower our
                        years have eased globally, however challenges remain across the        current elevated gearing levels from the proceeds of the potential
                        healthcare workforce – notably in training and recruiting the next     sale combined with increased earnings.
                        generation of workers, while retaining and engaging our people.



                                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report
                                                                                               We look forward to updating you on the progress of our
                        The key priorities of Ramsay’s workforce strategy include:             transformation programs and the sale of RSD at our AGM in
                                                                                               November. Once again, we would like to thank our people and
                        • providing flexible working conditions
                                                                                               clinicians who live and breathe The Ramsay Way every day to
                        • more accessible learning and training opportunities                  deliver outstanding outcomes for our patients.
                        • expanding our leadership programs
                        • investing in technology to simplify processes and allow our
                          people to focus on providing high quality care.
                        Through the year we built on our successful programs, with new




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Results
                        and expanded initiatives for local and international recruitment
                        and we are pleased to say that it is starting to show results.
                                                                                               Michael Siddle             Craig McNally
                                                                                               Chairman                   Managing Director & Global CEO




                                                                                                                       Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023      7
                        2 Our Business

                        About Ramsay Health Care
                        Ramsay was founded in 1964 by Paul Ramsay AO (1936-2014) and has always focused on maintaining the highest standards of quality
                        and safety, being an employer of choice and operating the business based on a culture known as The Ramsay Way and our purpose of
                        'people caring for people'. Ramsay listed on the Australian Stock Exchange in 1997 and has a market capitalisation of A$12.3bn1 and an
                        enterprise value (EV) of A$17.4bn1 (EV of A$23.4bn inclusive of lease liabilities). The Ramsay Group employs over 90,000 people globally.




For personal use only




                        1
                            Closing price as at 22nd August 2023




                        8      Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                                                           Operating and                     Remuneration Report
                         Year in Review    Our Business                                                            Directors’ Report   Financial Results
                                                          Financial Review                       – Audited
                                                                                                                                                           9
                                                                                                                                                           Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
Global Leadership Team                                               Portfolio of Services
                                          For personal use only
                        How we create value
                        Ramsay creates value by investing in and leveraging our value drivers to create a
                        convenient, integrated, efficient and sustainable healthcare services platform delivering
                        quality healthcare experiences and outcomes for patients; an attractive, industry leading
                        environment for our employees and clinicians and a supportive and effective service for
                        our payors. At the centre of everything we do is our purpose of people caring for people.




For personal use only




                        10   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                                  Operating and     Remuneration Report
Year in Review    Our Business                                            Directors’ Report   Financial Results
                                 Financial Review       – Audited
                                                                                                                  11
                                                                                                                  Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                 For personal use only
                        Operating Environment and Key Risks
                        Material Issues
                        Our material issues are those that matter most to our stakeholders and impact our business drivers, competitive position and long-
                        term value creation. Understanding the needs and interests of our stakeholders helps us to prioritise our material issues. As well as
                        engaging our stakeholders to gauge their shared and emerging issues, Ramsay’s materiality assessment is informed by the Sustainability
                        Accounting Standards Board Materiality Map and reviewed annually by our Global Sustainability Committee.




For personal use only




                        12   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        External trends
                        External trends play a critical role in our ability to create long term value for all stakeholders. These factors are key inputs into the
                        development of Ramsay's vision and strategy and will shape our long-term legacy.

                            TREND                           DESCRIPTION
                            Societal &                      • As Baby Boomers age in the western world, the population will have a higher proportion of people in the
                            demographic                       65-80 age demographic. This may result in an increasing prevalence of co-morbidities impacting patient
                            changes                           care and length of stay
                                                            • Governments investing in high profile public campaigns to improve lifestyle behaviours such as smoking
                                                              and drug abuse
                                                            • Growth in demand for mental health care services creating an increasing burden on the healthcare sector

                            Changing                        • Patients seeking greater convenience and a consumer-centric experience



                                                                                                                                                                                                                Year in Review
                            patient and                     • Doctors seek to broaden pathway participation and enable ‘top of role’ opportunities
                            doctor expectations
                            Technology Change               • Digitisation of healthcare enabling convenient and continuous care. Lower cost care options enabled
                                                              by digitisation
                                                            • Digitisation driving the growth in wellness and prevention tools and businesses creating
                                                              increased competition
                                                            • Data enabling enhanced care coordination and clinical management




For personal use only
                            Emergence of                    • Entry of new digitally-enabled lower cost competitors
                            new competitors


                                                                                                                                                                                                                Our Business
                            Clinical innovation             • Earlier diagnosis as a result of improved screening / diagnostic techniques
                                                            • Lower cost interventional activity
                                                            • Clinical innovation enabling migration of care to lower acuity settings

                            Increased payor                 • Reimbursement increasingly focused on value – cost and clinical outcomes
                            sophistication and              • Increasing sophistication in negotiations and leveraging of data in contract design
                            pressure on
                            government funding              • Increasing demand for healthcare services due to the ageing demographic combined with the long lasting
                                                              impact of COVID-19 on the system will place pressure on government funding sources

                            Climate change                  • Climate change and extreme weather events have the potential to increase demand for services e.g.                                              Operating and
                                                              respiratory problem, certain cancers

                                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Review
                                                            • May demand significant changes and investment in our facilities to adapt to local climate issues and lower
                                                              our environmental footprint

                            Workforce                       • A shortage of talent in the healthcare sector has been made more acute by the COVID-19 crisis
                                                            • Shortages across nursing and clinicians difficult to change in the short term and will have a significant
                                                              impact on capacity utilisation



                        Risk management                                                                                                                                                                     Remuneration Report



                                                                                                                                                                                                                – Audited
                        We are committed to meeting high standards of risk management. Effective risk management is the result of the collaborative endeavours
                        of all key stakeholders and is engrained in our Ramsay culture. Ramsay faces a number of business risks that could affect our operations,
                        business strategies and financial prospects. The key risks are described below, together with relevant mitigation strategies.
                                                                                                  1




                            RISK                              ISSUES POTENTIAL IMPACT                                               HOW RAMSAY IS RESPONDING
                            People / workforce
                            People are Ramsay’s                         • Inability to develop and                                  Ramsay strives to continue to be an employer of




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Directors’ Report
                            most important asset                          implement strategy                                        choice to attract and retain employees, by:
                            and are key to the                          • Increased costs to the business
                            organisation’s ongoing                                                                                  • Ensuring an attractive employee value
                                                                          associated with employee turnover                           proposition (e.g. remuneration, flexible working,
                            success. It is important                      and/or shortages
                            that Ramsay continues                                                                                     career progression, succession planning, training
                            to attract and retain                       • Reputational damage and/or financial                        and development) and tracking staff engagement
                            world class talent                            penalties due to serious injury to a                      • Maintaining an effective workplace health
                            and provides a safe                           person as a consequence of failure to                       and safety framework. This framework
                            working environment.                          maintain a safe workplace                                   includes policies, training, incident management,
                                                                        • Operational disruption due to strikes or                    monitoring and reporting of safety performance
                                                                          other forms of industrial action                          • Investment in projects, technology




                                                                                                                                                                                                                Financial Results
                                                                        • Inability to compete for resources,                         and infrastructure
                                                                          particularly in markets with                              • Focusing on The Ramsay Way culture - People
                                                                          workforce shortages                                         caring for people



                        1
                            This report does not identify every risk that could affect Ramsay’s business and the actions taken to mitigate these risks cannot provide absolute assurance that a risk will
                            not materialise. Risks presented in this section are in no particular order.




                                                                                                                                                  Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023              13
                         Clinical Quality & Safety
                         The safety of our                  • Reputational damage as a consequence         Ramsay has in place a comprehensive Clinical
                         patients and the                     of poor clinical outcomes                    Governance Framework, which includes:
                         delivery of high                   • Financial loss resulting from potential
                         quality clinical care                                                             • Clinical effectiveness to ensure a high standard
                                                              significant medical malpractice incidents      of quality and continuous improvement
                         is fundamental to                    or claims
                         Ramsay’s success.                                                                 • Clinical risk management ensuring our services
                                                            • Potential impact on ability to recruit and     are safe and minimise risk of error and tracking
                                                              retain clinicians and employees                our quality through measures such as clinical
                                                                                                             incidents and patient experience
                                                                                                           • Credentialing, licensing and training frameworks
                                                                                                           • Consumer participation which involves patients
                                                                                                             and carers in quality improvement activities and
                                                                                                             business planning through feedback.
                         Relationships with doctors
                         The recommendation                 • Loss of doctors and associated               Ramsay continually invests in its facilities (e.g.
                         of a patient’s doctor                patient referrals                            theatres, equipment, nurses, beds and suites) and
                         is often the most                  • Inability to provide leading                 ensures it has strong relationships with its doctors
                         significant factor in                clinical services                            through regular support and engagement, including
                         a patient’s choice of                                                             providing education forums and opportunities for
                         hospital in many of                • Additional costs associated with doctors'    innovative research.
                         Ramsay’s regions. Most               decisions e.g. theatre times, use of
                         doctors operating or                 supplies and timing of patient discharge     Customer feedback (e.g. Net Promoter Score,
                                                                                                           complaints etc.) is closely monitored as this also




For personal use only
                         working at Ramsay
                         hospitals are not                                                                 impacts on doctor recommendations to patients.
                         employees (except in
                         Scandinavia) and have
                         a choice of where
                         to practice.

                         Government Policy and Regulation
                         Ramsay operates                   • Policies may effectively reduce the role      Ramsay closely monitors current and proposed
                         in the healthcare                   of the private sector in a country’s health   government policy and regulation in each country
                         industry which is                   system, including the involvement of          in which it operates, including through:
                         subject to extensive                the private sector in the provision of
                         laws, regulations,                  healthcare to public patients                 • Maintaining and developing relationships with
                         policies and ethical                                                                government in all regions in which it operates.
                                                           • Economic factors or regulations may             This takes place at all levels of government and
                         standards (which may                impact the affordability of private health
                         vary by jurisdiction).                                                              at various levels within the business (e.g. at a
                                                             insurance (particularly in Australia) and       national and local level)
                         Government policy                   result in a reduction in the level of
                         may materially impact               private health insurance coverage             • Membership and/or leadership in various
                         the role of Ramsay                                                                  industry representative bodies to ensure
                         in provision of                   • Government intervention in response             input into government healthcare policies
                         healthcare and/or the               to public health needs (e.g. COVID-19           and initiatives
                         affordability of private            response and restrictions on the nature
                         health insurance.                   and scale of elective surgery)
                         Supply Chain
                         Ramsay’s global                   • Cost increases caused by geopolitical         Ramsay closely monitors its supply chain risks and
                         operations rely on                  tensions and / or inflation                   seeks to mitigate its risk through a number of
                         international supply              • International sanctions may impact the        actions including:
                         chains. Geopolitical                availability of supply
                         tensions and global                                                               • Good supplier relationship management
                         or regional economic              • Modern slavery risk in Ramsay's               • Alternate supply arrangements
                         conditions may impact               supply chain
                                                                                                           • Monitoring of international sanctions
                         cost, availability and            • Severe weather in key regions may
                         sustainability of supply            temporarily disrupt supply chains             • Global procurement strategy that leverages
                         which may impact the                                                                diverse supply chains
                         ability of Ramsay in its                                                          • Responsible sourcing procurement strategy
                         provision of healthcare.
                         Funders - Health Insurance funds and government sources
                         Ramsay relies on                  • Failure to reach satisfactory commercial      Ramsay plays an important role in supporting
                         funding provided by                 terms with major insurers or changes to       the health systems in the regions in which it
                         private health insurers             government funding arrangements               operates and works to foster strong working
                         and governments in the            • Reduction in earnings from health             relationships with both private health insurers
                         provision of its services.          insurance funding due to a decline in the     and government funders and seeks to have
                         Changes in government               profitability of health funds, a decline in   proactive dialogue with stakeholders including
                         or health insurance                 health fund membership or an inability        around reimbursement models.
                         funding (including                  of health funds to obtain premium
                         costs of health                                                                   Our commitment to clinical quality as well as
                                                             increases (because of government              provision of cost effective, outcome focused care
                         insurance) could have               regulation or other restrictions)
                         a material impact on                                                              demonstrates to third party funders the value in
                         Ramsay’s operations.              • Declines in private health insurance          contracting with Ramsay.
                                                             membership due to broader economic
                                                             issues including increasing levels of
                                                             unemployment or inflation




                        14   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        Cyber security
                        Ramsay handles                   • Suboptimal patient experience or patient      Cybersecurity risk is addressed through a Global
                        and stores personal                harm due to delays or disruption to           Cybersecurity Framework which includes controls
                        information, including             service delivery                              associated with prevention, detection and recovery.
                        health information,              • Potential consequences for individuals        In addition, the Framework is externally validated,
                        digitally and in paper             (including patients and employees) of a       routinely tested and subject to ongoing review and
                        form for its customers             privacy breach                                continuous improvement. Ramsay closely tracks
                        and employees. A                                                                 any notifiable breaches of patient privacy.
                        cybersecurity incident           • Increased costs as a result of recovery
                        may result in damage               strategies and/or financial penalties
                        or interruption to               • Reputational damage as a consequence
                        Ramsay’s information or            of a cyber breach
                        operational systems, or
                        those provided by third
                        party vendors.



                                                                                                                                                                           Year in Review
                        Competition, innovation, developments and acquisitions
                        Ramsay’s growth                  • Limited growth or inability to                Innovation is a key component of Ramsay’s
                        strategy may be                    maintain earnings                             strategy. This involves exploring out of hospital
                        impacted by industry             • Limited improvement in service delivery       opportunities and digital strategies, as well as
                        disruption, innovation,            when compared to competitors                  investing in facilities (new and existing) and new
                        the actions of our                                                               technologies to ensure that Ramsay is meeting
                        competitors, or the              • Difficulty in attracting and                  consumer needs now and in the future.
                        ability to identify                retaining employees
                        future acquisitions              • Inability to fully respond to                 Prior to undertaking any acquisition or




For personal use only
                        or generate returns                industry changes                              development, Ramsay undertakes comprehensive
                        on developments.                                                                 due diligence to identify key risks and ensure
                                                         • Redundancy of services and assets             appropriate valuation, uses external advisors and all


                                                                                                                                                                           Our Business
                                                         • Cost increases and / or delay                 acquisitions and developments are considered by
                                                           to developments as a consequence              the appropriate executive committee or the Board.
                                                           of third party insolvency in the
                                                           construction industry
                        Macroeconomic / financial risk
                        Ramsay's cost base                • Increased costs as a result of high levels   Ramsay enters into Enterprise Bargaining
                        is subject to various               of inflation.                                Agreements and other arrangements with unions
                        different levels of wage,         • Increased interest costs as a result of      and employee groups of up to 3 years to provide
                        supply cost and energy              high levels of interest rates.               certainty of future wage increases.

                                                                                                                                                                        Operating and
                        price inflation as well
                        as changes to interest                                                           Ramsay has global and regional procurement
                        rates on its debt.                                                               functions who contract with preferred suppliers,
                                                                                                         leveraging volume and market competition to get
                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Review
                        Material changes in                                                              preferred pricing to limit the impact of inflation.
                        the levels of inflation
                        and/or interest rates                                                            Ramsay negotiations with health funds and
                        could have a material                                                            governments seek to gain increases in prices
                        impact on Ramsay's                                                               and tariffs to offset the impact of wage and
                        financial performance.                                                           cost inflation.
                                                                                                         Ramsay’s Treasury functions take out interest rate

                                                                                                                                                                       Remuneration Report
                                                                                                         hedges under an approved policy to reduce
                                                                                                         volatility in earnings resulting from changes in
                                                                                                         interest rates.
                        Capital structure

                                                                                                                                                                           – Audited
                        Ramsay’s capital                  •   Constrained capacity to execute strategy   Ramsay’s capital management plan is designed
                        structure is designed             •   Increased costs of funding                 to ensure a strong balance sheet to support
                        to support its strategy                                                          its strategy over the medium to long term. This
                        and to be resilient to            •   Reduced availability of funding            includes a plan for maintaining diverse sources
                        changes in equity and             •   A lower credit rating likely leading to    of capital, ongoing monitoring and compliance,
                        debt markets.                         an increase in funding costs and/or less   with limits and other thresholds as set out in
                                                              funding sources                            the Treasury Policy. A robust capital structure is
                                                                                                         maintained to provide capacity within Ramsay's



                                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ Report
                                                                                                         lender base at efficient pricing.
                                                                                                         The balance sheet can be flexed in the short
                                                                                                         term to accommodate strategic investments such
                                                                                                         as acquisitions and capital expenditure.
                                                                                                         The Treasury policy provides a framework for the
                                                                                                         management and regular reporting to the Board
                                                                                                         of financial risks including liquidity and refinancing
                                                                                                         risk, interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk and
                                                                                                         counterparty credit risk.




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Results




                                                                                                                    Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023         15
                         Pandemics
                         Pandemics can have                 • Government intervention in relation to        Ramsay has developed strong relationships with
                         a significant impact to              the nature and scale of surgeries             relevant government agencies and representatives
                         Ramsay’s business.                 • Illness, quarantine, fatigue and mental       in the regions in which it operates. This helps
                                                              health impacts to our people                  to ensure that the impacts to Ramsay (as
                                                                                                            part of the broader health care sector) are
                                                            • Workforce shortages, including due to         understood by government in considering the
                                                              health care as a profession being             industry-wide response.
                                                              perceived as less desirable
                                                            • Supply chain disruptions                      Ramsay provides support to employees, including
                                                                                                            through additional training, its Employee Assistance
                                                            • Higher inflation resulting in                 Programs and other wellness initiatives.
                                                              increased costs
                                                            • Detrimental economic impacts                  Ramsay has business continuity plans in place
                                                              increasing levels of unemployment that        to ensure response and recovery strategies can
                                                              could result in declines in private health    be implemented.
                                                              insurance membership
                                                            • Negative public perception of the
                                                              safety of hospitals impacting volume of
                                                              elective surgery
                         Sustainability and climate change
                         Ramsay is committed to            •   Loss of reputation leading to inability to   The Ramsay Cares Sustainability Strategy outlines
                         sustainability and being              attract employees and capital investment     a shared vision for sustainability across the global
                         resilient to a changing                                                            businesses. Ramsay Cares sets measurable targets




For personal use only
                                                           •   Increased operating costs from being
                         climate through                       inefficient and exposure to more extreme     and is supported by an investment plan. Key focus
                         our Ramsay Cares                      weather events                               areas include the mental health and the wellbeing
                         Sustainability Strategy.                                                           of our people, setting the foundations to reduce our
                                                           •   Missed opportunities in responding to a      energy and emissions intensity and an emphasis
                                                               transition to a low carbon economy           on responsible sourcing within our medical supply
                                                                                                            chains. Last year, Ramsay committed to both near-
                                                                                                            term and long-term science-based decarbonisation
                                                                                                            targets to achieve net zero greenhouse gas
                                                                                                            emissions consistent with a 1.5-degree pathway
                                                                                                            and is developing its transition planning. Ramsay
                                                                                                            is also continuing to build on risk assessments
                                                                                                            in each region to identify local climate related
                                                                                                            risks and how they may impact its business in the
                                                                                                            medium to longer term - these may include physical
                                                                                                            climate risks (e.g. severe weather) or transition risks
                                                                                                            (e.g. energy pricing) or a combination. Disclosures
                                                                                                            informed by the Task Force on Climate-related
                                                                                                            Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations are
                                                                                                            included on page 23 of this report.
                         Legal and regulatory
                         Ramsay operates in                 • Inability to operate a facility if it is      Ramsay has a framework to manage and
                         a highly regulated                   not accredited                                monitor its legal and regulatory obligations. This
                         industry. Facilities               • Reputational damage due to lack of            includes compliance with local laws, employee
                         are required to be                   compliance or disputes                        training and effective management of licensing
                         licensed under various                                                             and accreditation.
                         legislation in the                 • Costs associated with litigation (e.g.
                         jurisdictions within                 legal costs and damages) or lack of
                         which they operate.                  compliance (e.g. penalties)
                         Ramsay may also be
                         involved in disputes or
                         litigation, for example,
                         with patients, suppliers,
                         funders, regulatory
                         bodies, or employees.




                        16   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        Strategic Direction
                        Ramsay is uniquely positioned to take advantage of the megatrends facing the healthcare sector globally, building on
                        our global platform, enviable culture and strategic relationships to become a leading healthcare provider of the future.
                        Our strategy for growth and transformation is built on four important pillars:
                        1. Growing modernising and leveraging our world class hospital network
                        2. Moving purposefully into new and adjacent services
                        3. Operational excellence to deliver value for all stakeholders
                        4. Strong organisational foundations
                        Together the pillars support our Vision, Mission and Purpose.



                                   OUR VISION: To leverage our global platform and be a leading healthcare provider of the future                                            Year in Review




                                   By growing, modernising and                                            And moving purposefully into
                                          leveraging our                                                    New & Adjacent Services




For personal use only
                                   World Class Hospital Network


                                                                                                                                                                             Our Business
                                                                           Integrated
                              Organic      Strategic     Strategic       patient-centred       Extended       Broader            New      Diagnostic       New
                              growth      expansion       growth              care              patient     digi-physical     services,      and          payers
                                                           in key                              pathway      care delivery      existing    imaging         and
                                                        therapeutic                                                            regions     services      funding
                                                           areas                                                                                         models



                                                                                                                                                                          Operating and
                                             OUR MISSION: Creating a best-in-class, digitally enabled healthcare ecosystem
                                                            - to change what is possible for your health
                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Review


                              Operational Excellence                                                                  Operational               Excellence in
                                                                                           Procurement
                              will deliver value for all stakeholders                                                 efficiencies              service delivery




                                                                                                                                                                         Remuneration Report
                                                       Strong Organisational Foundations will underpin our achievements

                                                                                                                                                                             – Audited

                               Digital and data           Clinical            Industry leading              Ramsay Cares                  Strategic partnerships
                               transformation            excellence                talent                sustainability strategy           and M&A capability




                                                                                                                                                                             Directors’ Report
                                                                      OUR PURPOSE: People caring for people




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Results




                                                                                                                            Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023   17
                        Ramsay Cares                                                            Group Data & Digital Highlights
                                                                                                 • The Ramsay Australia Health Hub is a multi-year
                                                                                                   project to establish a single digital front door and
                                                                                                   interaction platform for our patients. The first iteration
                                                                                                   released this year makes it easier and faster for
                                                                                                   patients to complete their admissions.
                                                                                                 • A national mental health digital intake system is being
                                                                                                   rolled out across 20+ Ramsay clinics in Australia.
                                                                                                 • Dozens of digital automations have been installed
                                                                                                   at Ramsay Australia facilities to replace manual and
                                                                                                   administrative processes.
                                                                                                 • The Ramsay Australia Data Hub is being built to
                                                                                                   allow us to harmonise and harness data across our
                                                                                                   sites. The Data Hub will enable us to use Artificial
                        Ramsay Cares is our shared strategy for                                    Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) tools,
                        being a sustainable, resilient, responsible                                which have a crucial role in streamlining workflows.
                        global business.                                                         • A fit-for-purpose Electronic Health Record is being
                                                                                                   developed to start rolling out in 2024.
                        We know sustainability is important to our people, our patients,




For personal use only
                                                                                                 • Our investment in cyber security includes introducing
                        our doctors and our success. We are committed to making a
                                                                                                   a digital identity for all our doctors, so they can
                        meaningful, positive difference in the world.
                                                                                                   access Ramsay Australia's digital ecosystem while still
                        The Ramsay Cares sustainability strategy focuses on three                  protecting the privacy of patient information.
                        important pillars:                                                       • Ramsay Sime Darby Health Care (RSDH) is
                        1. Healthier people - our employees, patients and doctors are              collaborating with Annalise.ai and Amazon Web
                           our priority                                                            Services to deploy AI tools for clinicians to enhance
                        2. A thriving planet - reducing the impact from our operations and         patient care. More than 1,000 RSDH employees have
                           supply chain                                                            been trained in privacy and personal data protection.
                        3. Stronger communities - supporting preventative healthcare             • Ramsay Santé launched an online health and
                           and local communities.                                                  wellbeing marketplace as part of its growing
                                                                                                   digiphysical offering. The e-commerce store is a one-
                        Along with strong, transparent corporate governance practices,
                        our sustainability goals support delivery of our broader 2030              stop shop for more than 50,000 healthcare products.
                        business strategy.                                                       • The new Ramsay Australia Pharmacy ecommerce
                                                                                                   site offers a shoppable catalogue of medicines and
                        Find out more at ramsayhealth.com/ramsaycares
                                                                                                   other products.
                        A healthcare provider of the future                                      • Ramsay UK and Elysium achieved the Government-
                                                                                                   backed Cyber Essentials Assurance Standard.
                        Ramsay's long-term investment in a major digital and data
                        transformation strategy is focused on benefiting our people,
                        doctors and patients.
                        The strategy is aimed at creating a best-in-class, digitally-enabled
                        healthcare ecosystem and to cement Ramsay's position as a world
                        leading healthcare provider.
                        In its first year, the digital and data transformation program in
                        Australia has focused on:
                        • rapidly establishing key cultural and foundational capabilities
                          and disciplines
                        • delivering quick wins aligned to our business priorities
                        • initiating several strategic projects that underpin
                          the transformation
                        • accelerating value creation and scalability through a rapid
                          prototyping and test and learn iterative approach.
                                                                                               As part of efforts to manage a shortage of radiologists across Sweden,
                        Group Chief Digital & Data Officer, Dr Rachna Gandhi, said the         Capio Sankt Göran's Hospital, part of Ramsay Santé, is using an Artificial
                        transformation aims to deliver patient-centred care that enhances      Intelligence (AI) algorithm to review mammography images in breast cancer
                        the experience of our patients, doctors and teams.                     screening. AI working alongside a radiologist has been found to detect
                        "The goal is to modernise and grow our world-class healthcare          more cancer, more quickly. "We are proud to be among the first hospitals
                        network and create a platform for growth," Dr Gandhi explained.        in the world to have implemented AI for mammography screening in
                        "Providing safe and secure experiences and the best treatment          a structured and validated way," said Karin Dembrower, chief physician
                        options is our priority. This transformation is also about evolving    and radiologist.
                        Ramsay’s culture to a digital mindset and helping our people
                        understand and take advantage of the digital world."




                        18   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        New ways for better care                                                                Advancing clinical excellence
                        Ramsay Santé's Living Labs launched in 2023 to boost our                                Ramsay's commitment to our purpose of 'people caring for
                        approach to innovation.                                                                 people' is the cornerstone of our patient-centred approach to
                                                                                                                clinical excellence.
                        Based at Ramsay Santé facilities, the Living Labs act as incubators,
                        where the local team works with the Ramsay Santé Innovation                             Following last year’s global Clinical Excellence Summit, we clearly
                        & Partnership Hub to prioritise clever, scalable innovations and                        defined our clinical excellence agenda to focus on
                        fast-track real-life testing.
                                                                                                                • clinical leadership and engagement
                        The centres share improvements and best practice through local                          • exceptional patient experience
                        and global collaborations.
                                                                                                                • ongoing research
                        The network of nine Living Labs in France and the                                       • innovation and education
                        Nordic countries includes primary care, mental health and
                                                                                                                • a commitment to quality and safety.
                        oncology teams.


                                                                                                                                                                                                       Year in Review
                                                                                                                To achieve this, Ramsay is developing a formal framework
                        In France, a Living Lab at Pôle Aquitaine focuses on finding better
                                                                                                                designed to nurture our culture of continuous learning
                        pathways for surgery and at Artro Clinic in Stockholm, the focus is
                                                                                                                and improvement.
                        on developing more efficient ways to document consultations.
                                                                                                                We have established five global Communities of Practice to
                                                                                                                support the exchange of clinical capability, learnings and best
                                                                                                                practice in the key therapeutic areas of cancer, orthopaedics,
                                                                                                                cardiology, mental health and research.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                Over the year, our medical experts from all regions participated in
                                                                                                                international medical workshops where they could share state-of-


                                                                                                                                                                                                       Our Business
                                                                                                                the-art treatments, innovative techniques and research findings.
                                                                                                                Workshop topics included advanced hip and knee
                                                                                                                arthroplasty procedures, robotic-assisted interventions, home-
                                                                                                                based chemotherapy treatments, patient suicide prevention
                                                                                                                strategies and interventional cardiology advancements.
                                                                                                                We also continue to identify opportunities for collaborative
                                                                                                                research and joint clinical trials across the Ramsay Group.



                                                                                                                “At Ramsay, we pride ourselves on                                                   Operating and
                        Saint Barnabé, a Ramsay Santé addictology clinic outside Marseille, has
                        been designated a Living Lab to support the development of innovations
                        such as a mobile app to help patients dealing with cravings.

                                                                                                                being a trusted partner for the many                                               Financial Review
                        Focus on patient experience
                        Caring for our patients not only means delivering high quality
                                                                                                                specialists who work with us. Our
                        care but also optimising each patient's experience along their                          overriding aim is to work them
                        healthcare pathway.
                                                                                                                to ensure the best possible health
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Remuneration Report
                        We measure this experience through a Net Promoter Score (NPS)1
                        and, this year, each region maintained or increased their positive                      outcomes for our patients.
                        experience scores.


                                                                                                                                                                                                       – Audited
                        We also measure NPS in other areas and our Ramsay Clinical
                                                                                                                Professor Sir Ed Byrne
                        Trials Network in Australia achieved an NPS of +89 in its first year.
                                                                                                                Group Chief Medical Officer
                        At Elysium, 81% of Friends and Family Survey respondents rated
                        their experience as 'good' or 'very good'.

                        Net Promoter Scores




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ Report
                            100
                                                        82 85
                                      71   72                      70 70
                                                                                      61
                                                                                 51
                            50                                                                      40
                                                                                               32




                            0
                                                                                                                Ramsay Australia's Nurse Leaders of Tomorrow leadership program is going
                                     Ramsay         Ramsay UK     Ramsay        Ramsay         Ramsay




                                                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Results
                                     Australia        (acute)      Santé      Sime Darby     Sime Darby
                                                                                                                from strength to strength. Launched in 2021, the career-boosting course,
                                                                                 (MY)           (IND)           designed by Chief Nurse Dr Bernadette Eather, provides formal upskilling
                                                                                                                for emerging leaders who are currently nurse/midwifery unit managers.
                                  2022           2023




                        1
                             The Net Promoter Scope (NPS) is an in ranging from -100 to +100 that measures the willingness of customers to recommend a company's products or services to others.




                                                                                                                                             Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023            19
                                                                                                 Industry leading talent
                                                                                                 Continuous, lifelong learning opportunities are critical to attracting
                                                                                                 and retaining the best people in healthcare. Which is why Ramsay
                                                                                                 invests in a wide range of supported professional development
                                                                                                 pathways and training opportunities for our people.
                                                                                                 Our growing range of development opportunities for our people
                                                                                                 includes novice or preceptor programs which provide extra
                                                                                                 support and training for new graduates. We also offer support to
                                                                                                 upskill our people to help transition into specialty practice, such as
                                                                                                 theatre or mental health.
                                                                                                 For example, Ramsay Australia provided 33 tertiary scholarships
                                                                                                 to our people this year and partnered with La Trobe University to
                        Our group-wide People Strategy is                                        help 40 nurses become nurse practitioners.
                        focused on developing capability,                                        Cadetship and apprenticeships are an important first step for new
                        fostering a positive culture and supporting                              nursing graduates and a First Nations undergraduate cadetship
                                                                                                 was introduced in Western Australia this year.
                        the best people in healthcare
                                                                                                 Streamlining and accelerating our recruitment processes has been
                        Developing the capability of our leaders, as articulated in our          an important focus across Ramsay.
                        Ramsay Leadership Framework, is a global focus for Ramsay. To
                                                                                                 This year, Elysium opened a centralised People Centre, which




For personal use only
                        date, 170 leaders have completed the Ramsay Global Executive
                        Leadership Program, which is designed to enhance global                  onboarded more than 400 new hires in its first six months and
                        collaboration and accelerate the key leadership attributes needed        manages Elysium's successful Overseas Nurses Programme.
                        to deliver our strategy. The practical, experiential and collaborative
                        learning sessions help to:
                        1. Develop enterprise thinking
                        2. Build financial capability and business acumen
                        3. Foster engagement with key stakeholders
                        4. Encourage an open mindset for new ideas and opportunities.
                        Importantly, the program embeds Ramsay’s enduring purpose of
                        ‘people caring for people’ at the centre of everything we do.
                        At a regional level, our various leadership programs are aimed at
                        developing current and emerging Ramsay Leaders in clinical and
                        non-clinical roles. Highlights this year included:
                        • Ramsay Australia - The Ramsay Australia Leadership Academy
                          launched. A new cohort of the Nursing Leaders of Tomorrow              Elysium Healthcare CEO Joy Chamberlain welcomes Vida, a psychiatric
                          program was welcomed and over 400 Nursing Unit Managers                nurse. "Being the 500th nurse recruited through Elysium's Overseas Nurse
                          were supported with face to face and online masterclasses.             Programme was one of the greatest days of my professional life," Vida said.
                                                                                                 "I am grateful to be part of the team."
                        • Ramsay Santé - 900+ managers completed a nine-month
                          managerial program co-designed by Ramsay Santé and
                          ESCP Business School. Capio Sweden launched a leadership
                          framework based on the four cornerstones of Set direction,
                          Build Trust, Be Courageous and Collaborate.
                        • Ramsay UK - 200+ current and emerging leaders attended the
                          new Ramsay UK Academy as part of our approach to “growing
                          our own” skilled employees.
                        • Ramsay Sime Darby - 32 nurses completed the inaugural
                          Future Nurse Leaders Programme, which includes practical
                          training, classroom teaching and clinical attachments to observe
                          operations at different hospitals in Malaysia and Indonesia.



                        “We are committed to developing                                          Celebrating the first Australian graduates to complete our Global Graduate
                                                                                                 Programme. The two-year opportunity provides corporate and operational
                                                                                                 experience across our business. As well as structured learning, the
                        world-class leaders at every                                             graduates work on cross-functional projects and have an international
                                                                                                 placement. Pictured: Group Chief People Officer, Colleen Harris, with
                        stage of their career to                                                 graduates Jacinta Stevens, Brigitte Sierak and Robin Buenaventura and
                        courageously lead and achieve our                                        Ramsay Managing Director and global CEO, Craig McNally.

                        organisational strategy.
                        Colleen Harris
                        Group Chief People Officer




                        20   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        Positive culture and balance                                                Empowering inclusion
                        We are focused on engaging and enabling our people and                      It is important that we provide a safe, open, diverse and inclusive
                        supporting them to have fulfilling careers, with opportunities for          workplace where our people are energised by what we can
                        learning and advancement throughout their working life.                     achieve together.
                        Our priority areas reflect the needs of our people, including:              To support inclusion at work, Ramsay UK this year established five
                                                                                                    employee-led People Resource Groups (PRG) to unite employees
                        • strengthening our workforce
                                                                                                    from similar backgrounds and give them a coordinated voice
                        • providing flexible working conditions                                     within the business.
                        • offering more accessible learning and training opportunities
                                                                                                    • Disability - acknowledging and empowering our people
                        • leveraging technology                                                       with disability.
                        • supporting our teams through excellent leadership.                        • Ethnicity - celebrating our ethnically diverse colleagues.
                                                                                                    • Generations - acknowledging our multigenerational


                                                                                                                                                                              Year in Review
                        Last year, Ramsay Santé was the first European healthcare
                        provider to sign a landmark Quality of Life & Working Conditions              workforce, seeking to understand and evolve all our
                        Agreement. As part of this commitment, Ramsay Santé creates                   colleagues' capabilities.
                        and deploys training courses for all key stakeholders, managers,            • Pride - supporting an environment where our LGBTQIA+
                        unions and employees to increase awareness about quality of life              colleagues are able to be their true selves at work.
                        at work.
                                                                                                    • Wellbeing - actively seeking to create a healthy workplace.
                        This year, more than 2,500 managers have been trained to
                                                                                                    Led by volunteers, the groups focus on building social support
                        promote and implement a range of tools and measures that
                                                                                                    and a sense of community for employees who share a common




For personal use only
                        support our people, improve the work environment and boost
                                                                                                    identity. The groups help to engage and develop diverse talent
                        employee engagement. Training has also been provided to help
                                                                                                    within Ramsay and offer a safe place to learn from each other and


                                                                                                                                                                              Our Business
                        prevent harassment and discriminatory behaviour.
                                                                                                    share experiences.



                                                                                                    “I'm really proud we are creating
                         Group People Highlights
                          • Ramsay recognised as one of Australia's Top 10 most
                            attractive employers in 2023, in a survey of more than
                            6,000 people.                                                           communities that welcome and
                          • Ramsay Santé awarded the Parenthood Trophy by the                       open up people to difference in
                            Observatory of Quality of Life at Work.
                                                                                                    our organisation.
                          • Capio ranked an 'ideal employer’ by nurses                                                                                                     Operating and
                            in Sweden.                                                              Nick Costa

                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Review
                                                                                                    Ramsay UK CEO
                          • 500+ people trained in Mental Health First Aid.
                          • 300 UK apprentices trained in The Ramsay Way.
                          • 25% increase in childcare places for Ramsay
                            Santé employees.
                                                                                                    Mental health first aid
                          • Elysium preceptorship program supported 87 newly                        Taking care of our employees enables them to take better care
                                                                                                    of our patients, colleagues and communities. That is why we

                                                                                                                                                                          Remuneration Report
                            qualified nurses.
                                                                                                    promote better physical and mental wellbeing for all our people.
                                                                                                    In Australia and the UK, we have trained more than 500 people in


                                                                                                                                                                              – Audited
                        Celebrating our people                                                      Mental Health First Aid.
                                                                                                    The skills-based, early intervention training program equips
                        Ramsay Health Care is synonymous with the phrase 'people
                                                                                                    participants with the knowledge and confidence to recognise,
                        caring for people' and we take pride in our purpose and values.
                                                                                                    connect and respond to someone experiencing a mental health
                        This year, The Ramsay Way Awards were launched in Australia                 problem or mental health crisis.
                        to recognise and celebrate the way our people show and share
                        our values at work. Employee awards have also been instigated




                                                                                                                                                                              Directors’ Report
                        across Capio to recognise quality, innovation, empowerment and              Group gender diversity
                        social responsibility.
                                                                                                    Ramsay is a significant employer of women and has long
                                                                                                    recognised the social and business importance of achieving
                                                                                                    gender diversity.




                        RSDH Malaysia hospitals celebrated the winners of the Quality                                                                                         Financial Results
                        Improvement Reward & Recognition Program, which is delivering significant
                        benefits to quality of care and patient experience.




                                                                                                                            Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023    21
                                                                                                     Net Zero Highlights
                                                                                                      • 60% achieved of target to install 6.3MW of renewable
                                                                                                        energy projects by 2026.
                                                                                                      • Generated three-million kWh of renewable electricity
                                                                                                        and installed over 34,000 LED lights in Australia.
                                                                                                      • Sweden committed to 100% fossil free energy.
                                                                                                      • Procuring 7% renewable electricity in Indonesia.
                                                                                                      • France switching to less carbon intensive
                                                                                                        energy sources.
                                                                                                      • Rolling out electric vehicle charging at Elysium.
                        Progress to net zero                                                          • More than 60 million single use plastic items avoided
                                                                                                        in Australia.
                        In June 2022, we set our commitment to achieve net zero
                        emissions by 2040.

                                                                                                    Greener theatres
                                                                                                    Our efforts to reduce emissions include a ‘greener theatres’
                                                                                                    campaign and most of our hospitals are in the process of greatly




For personal use only
                                                                                                    reducing the use of the anaesthetic gas desflurane in favour of
                                                                                                    gases with lower global warming potential.
                                                                                                    The first Ramsay Sime Darby Health Care (RSDH) hospital to
                                                                                                    go desflurane-free was Ara Damansara Medical Centre, when it
                                                                                                    opened, and others are now following suit.


                        Since then we have made good progress and the Group is
                        on track with the near-term target to reduce Scope 1 and 2
                        greenhouse gas emissions by 42% by 2030 (from 2020 baseline).
                        In addition to rolling out energy efficiency and emission reduction
                        projects, we are focused on embedding net zero roadmaps into
                        Ramsay's 2030 Corporate Plan.




                                                                                                    Clinicians at Ara Damansara Medical Centre are dedicated to keeping the
                                                                                                    hospital desflurane-free.

                                                                                                    RSDH Group CEO Peter Hong said the business was committed to
                                                                                                    planet-friendly operations.
                        Part of a 318-kilowatt solar panel system at Shepparton Private Hospital.
                                                                                                    "That is why responsible consumption is one of our focus areas
                        We are also developing regional transition plans that outline how           in reducing emissions. We believe we can make a better choice
                        we will deliver on the net zero targets.                                    by reducing desflurane usage, while ensuring high healthcare
                                                                                                    quality," he said.


                        “We started with simple changes,                                             Greener Theatre Highlights
                                                                                                      • Ramsay UK committed to phase out desflurane in
                        like swapping out plastic straws                                                September 2022 and reduced usage to 7%.
                        and cutlery, and now have removed                                             • France sites reduced desflurane by 55% since 2021.
                        tens of millions of single-use                                                • 52% of Australian sites achieved using <5% target.
                                                                                                      • 57% of Ramsay Sime Darby Health Care
                        plastics from our operations. Great                                             sites are desflurane-free, with Indonesia being
                        companies like Ramsay really can                                                completely desflurane-free.

                        help make the world a better place.
                        Carmel Monaghan
                        Ramsay Australia CEO




                        22    Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        Responding to climate change                                            and transition climate-related risks and opportunities which
                                                                                                may impact the health industry globally under the globally
                        Our approach is guided by the Task Force on Climate-related             recognised scenarios: 1.5-degree, Paris Aligned Scenario
                        Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations. Each year, we             (aligned to IPCC RCP-2.6 and SSP1) and 4-degree, business
                        build on our disclosures as we progress our action and grow our         as usual scenario (IPCC RCP-8.5 and SSP5)1 and other
                        understanding of how climate risks and opportunities may impact         relevant modelling.
                        our business.                                                         • A Physical Climate Analytics Dashboard has been created,
                                                                                                so we can continue to explore a range of different climate
                        GOVERNANCE
                                                                                                scenarios, hazards and how they may affect our operations in
                        The Board and Management’s role in overseeing Ramsay’s                  each region project focused on how risk exposure to different
                        approach to understanding and managing climate-related risks            perils may change over time (2050 and 2100) under different
                        and opportunities is outlined on page 24.                               Physical Climate Change Scenarios under the latest IPCC
                                                                                                Climate Scenarios (SSP1-2.6, SSP 2-4.5, SSP5-8.5).
                        STRATEGY
                                                                                              • Ramsay Australia has focused on a transition plan that


                                                                                                                                                                        Year in Review
                        Ramsay’s vision is to leverage our global platform to be a patient-     outlines how the business will deliver on the Net Zero targets.
                        centred healthcare provider of the future. The strategy balances        The plan has been structured using the draft Transition Plan
                        the needs of all our stakeholders, taking into account the rapidly      Taskforce (TPT) Disclosure Framework (UK), considered a
                        changing environment and the pressures this places on global            leading framework for organisations to develop their transition
                        healthcare systems.                                                     plans. A key part of the work was assessing the underlying
                                                                                                assumptions of the emission reduction initiatives and evaluating
                        • The Ramsay Cares Sustainability Strategy was incorporated into        effectiveness of actions taken to date.
                          the Corporate Strategy as one of the organisational foundations




For personal use only
                          (see page 17).                                                      METRICS AND TARGETS
                        • A high-level risk assessment conducted in FY21 in relation to       Metrics


                                                                                                                                                                        Our Business
                          climate-related risks and opportunities identified key common
                          risk areas and the potential implications for strategic and         • Key metrics, including Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas
                          operational areas, such as buildings and supply chain (short-         emissions from use of electricity, anaesthetic gases, fuel and
                          to medium-term focus), and the need grow our understanding            Scope 3 emissions (major waste streams) are externally assured
                          and identify actions the longer-term across implications for our      and disclosed in Ramsay's Impact Report.
                          people and patients (see page 25).                                  • Scope 3 emissions were estimated based on spend as part of
                                                                                                developing our Net Zero emission goals and we will focus on
                        • We prioritised understanding the physical risks as we operate
                                                                                                engaging our suppliers to improve the data over time.
                          a large number of sites. We undertook a climate vulnerability
                          assessment to explore how the physical risk exposure to             Targets
                                                                                                                                                                     Operating and
                          different perils may change over time across more than 300
                          facilities (buildings) in Australia, Asia, the UK, France and the   • Ramsay Cares Sustainability Strategy targets include 12%
                          Nordic region (see page 25).                                          reduction in GHG emissions intensity per patient day and 10%
                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Review
                                                                                                reduction in energy intensity and drive a roll out of renewable
                        Our current focus is on developing our Climate Action Transition        energy installs on-site at key hospitals by 2026.
                        Plans and including the capital and operational expenses for key
                        decarbonisation measures in our budget and 2030 Corporate             • GHG emission reductions targets are embedded in
                        Plan. Each region has outlined key strategies, and these will be        sustainability linked loans for the Wholly-Owned Funding Group
                        incorporated into regional transition plans.                            and Ramsay Santé.
                                                                                              • Net Zero near-term target of 42% reduction in Scope 1 & 2

                                                                                                                                                                    Remuneration Report
                        RISK MANAGEMENT                                                         emissions by 2030 (2020 baseline) and become Net Zero
                                                                                                emissions across the value chain by 2040 (90% coverage).
                        Climate change risks are managed within the Group’s risk
                        management framework.                                                 • GHG emission reduction targets are included in short-term

                                                                                                                                                                        – Audited
                                                                                                incentive scorecards for our Executives since FY22.
                        • Risk and opportunity identification - A high-level risk
                          and opportunity assessment identified a range of physical


                        Our progress




                                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Results




                                                                                                                     Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023     23
                        Governance

                          ROLE OF THE BOARD AND BOARD COMMITTEES                         2023 HIGHLIGHTS1
                          Ramsay Health  Oversees our approach, including                • Continued to embed climate risk considerations into global strategy and
                          Care Board     considering the social and                        key business decision-making processes
                                         environmental impact of Ramsay’s                • Received updates on progress against our sustainability linked
                                         activities, endorsing the Ramsay                  loan targets
                                         Cares sustainability strategy
                                         and approving key policies                      • Approved our new Global Responsible Sourcing Policy
                                         and disclosures.                                  (described below)
                                                                                         • Approved our new Code of Conduct, with ‘Sustainability, Society and
                                                                                           the Environment’ as a core principle, highlighting the importance of
                                                                                           a focus on climate action and environmental performance across our
                                                                                           value chain.
                          Global Risk            Oversees sustainability and any         • Considered key business risks and related disclosures, including in
                          Management             material social and environmental         relation to sustainability and climate change
                          Committee              risks, including climate risks          • Endorsed for Board approval updates to the Global Sustainability Policy
                          (GRMC)                 and opportunities.
                                                                                         • Endorsed for Board approval a new Global Responsible Sourcing Policy
                                                                                           which sets out expectations of suppliers in relation to environmental and
                                                                                           resource sustainability, including encouraging suppliers to:
                                                                                           – measure their greenhouse gas emissions and establish a baseline and
                                                                                           – adopt science-based emissions targets using Science Based Target




For personal use only
                                                                                              Initiative (SBTi) guidance and tools and submit them to the SBTi
                                                                                              for validation.
                          People and             Oversees non-financial performance      • Received updates on the Group’s environmental performance, including
                          Remuneration           (including patient, people, customer      in relation to the greenhouse intensity reduction target
                          Committee              and environmental) in-so-far as it      • Approved executive remuneration outcomes, in light of financial and
                                                 relates to the Committee’s people         non-financial performance
                                                 and remuneration responsibilities.
                                                                                         • Endorsed for Board approval our new Code of Conduct, with
                                                                                           ‘Sustainability, Society and the Environment’ as a core principle.
                          Audit                  Oversees sustainability issues as       • Reviewed updates on progress against our sustainability linked
                          Committee              they relate to financial matters e.g.     loan targets
                                                 financial reporting and financing       • Reviewed approach to sustainability reporting having regard to evolving
                                                 activities, opportunities and risks.      requirements, including hearing from external subject matter experts
                                                                                         • Approved an Internal Audit Plan that includes assurance activities
                                                                                           related to the net zero plan – Scope 1 and Scope 2.
                          Nomination &   Oversees Committee roles and                    • Considered the skills and experience represented on the Board,
                          Governance     responsibilities including as they                including ability to assess governance, environmental and social issues
                          Committee      relate to environmental, social and               and the effectiveness of organisational policies and procedures
                                         governance matters, reviews Board               • Monitored processes in place in relation to ongoing education,
                                         and Committee composition and                     including considering sustainability and evolving sustainability
                                         Director skills and experience and                reporting requirements.
                                         monitors processes in place in
                                         relation to ongoing education.
                          ROLE OF MANAGEMENT                                             2023 FOCUS AREAS
                          Global         Oversees rollout of Ramsay Cares                • Overseeing progress on Net Zero Emissions Targets, performance
                          Executive      globally and in each region,                      against sustainability-linked loan targets and Ramsay Cares Strategy
                                         integration with strategy and                   • CAPEX and OPEX to support key programs and initiatives (e.g. solar and
                                         corporate plan; advises Board                     energy efficiency upgrades
                                         on material sustainability risks
                                         and opportunities including social,             • Embedding Net Zero Roadmap approach into Corporate Plan out
                                         environmental and climate risk.                   to 2030.
                          Global         Supports the Group Executive,                   • Ongoing implementation of global priorities at a regional level, including
                          Sustainability focusing on delivery of the Ramsay                through the development of regional initiatives that are tailored to each
                          Committee,     Cares strategy. The Committee                     of Ramsay’s businesses
                          Group          consists of the Group Chief                     • Rollout of Ramsay Cares and Net Zero Emissions Roadmap in each
                          Sustainability People Officer, Group Sustainability              region through regional Ramsay Cares commitments/teams
                          Officer,       Officer, Regional Sustainability
                          Regional       Leads and Group Finance, Risk                   • Identifying and delivering on key emission reduction initiatives such as
                          Sustainability and Procurement representatives.                  energy efficiency and greener theatre approaches
                          Leads          Subject matter experts, legal,                  • Working with suppliers to understand their Net Zero commitments
                                         strategy-level leads are invited                • Undertaking a readiness assessment across new sustainability reporting
                                         as required.                                      standards (including ISSB and European requirements).
                        1 See page 72 for number of meetings held in FY23


                        Executive remuneration                                                     We recognise that safeguarding our environment is a key
                                                                                                   responsibility of the business community and the Board is of
                        As outlined in our Remuneration Report (Section 4), the Chief              the view that executives should be accountable for the Group’s
                        Executive Officer & Managing Director’s short-term incentive               environmental performance.
                        (STI) scorecard includes a greenhouse gas emission target of
                        4.2% reduction from prior year. This measure is also included
                        in the scorecards of other members of the Executive team.




                        24    Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        Climate vulnerability assessment of                                  In FY23, a workshop was held with Ramsay’s insurance broker to
                                                                                             better understand the historical claims history made on Ramsay’s
                        our buildings                                                        insurance policy which may relate to the climate impacts. Ramsay
                                                                                             then reviewed historic insurance claims across all regions to
                        In FY22, we undertook a climate vulnerability assessment to
                                                                                             assess any trends or potential material financial impacts.
                        explore how the physical risk exposure to different perils may
                        change over time across more than 300 facilities (buildings) in      In July and August 2022, the UK experienced a heatwave which
                        Australia, Asia, the UK, France and the Nordic region.               disrupted theatre operations at a number of sites. Whilst this did
                                                                                             not result in any serious delay or impact on patients nor a material
                        The project focused on how risk exposure may change over time
                                                                                             financial impact, it does act as a reminder of how a changing
                        (2050 and 2100) for different perils under the latest IPCC Climate
                                                                                             climate can impact on hospital operations.
                        Scenarios (SSP1-2.6, SSP 2-4.5, SSP5-8.5).
                                                                                             In the next phase, we will focus on:
                        To stress-test resilience, the focus was on a climate scenario
                        (SSP5-8.5) where global temperatures increase by greater than        • Sites that are currently low risk and expected to see the biggest
                        4 degrees.                                                             increase in exposure by 2050 under a greater than 4-degree


                                                                                                                                                                        Year in Review
                                                                                               scenario. These include flooding in the UK and storms in
                        The outcomes of the assessment are only directional in nature
                                                                                               Australia and France.
                        and will help us prioritise where we need to focus further work.
                                                                                             • Sites currently exposed to high levels of physical climate risk
                        The preliminary analysis suggests that inherent exposure to            that are expected to see the biggest increase in a greater than
                        damage across the portfolio (i.e. before considering mitigants         4-degree scenario. These include flooding in Sweden and heat
                        such as building design) does not appear to change substantially       in Australia and Asia.
                        between now and 2050, with much of the increased exposure
                        being felt in the latter half of the century. The analysis also




For personal use only
                        suggests that inherent exposure to forgone revenue is more
                        significant between 2050 and 2100.


                                                                                                                                                                        Our Business




                                                                                                                                                                     Operating and


                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Review




                                                                                                                                                                    Remuneration Report



                                                                                                                                                                        – Audited




                                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Results




                                                                                                                     Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023    25
                                                                                                Ramsay Santé on a mission
                                                                                                Ramsay Santé, has become the first listed healthcare group to
                                                                                                become a Mission-driven Company under the French PACTE law.
                                                                                                The law allows companies to adopt a purpose (raison d'etre)
                                                                                                with social and environmental objectives written into the company
                                                                                                bylaws and monitored by a Mission Committee that reports to the
                                                                                                Board of Directors. The mission is a pact between the business,
                                                                                                its employees, the medical profession, shareholders and patients.
                                                                                                It serves as a compass in pursuit of environmentally and socially
                                                                                                sustainable growth.
                                                                                                Ramsay Santé’s mission was developed in consultation with
                                                                                                thousands of doctors and nursing staff, patient and health
                        Investing in health and wellbeing                                       authority representatives, administrative staff and management.

                        The Ramsay Way values motivate us to constantly improve and             The four mission objectives are in line with the broader objectives
                        find new and better ways of caring. That is why we support a            of the United Nations Global Compact:
                        wide range of health and medical research aimed at elevating the
                                                                                                1. Promote access to care for all - we welcome all patients and all
                        health and wellbeing of our patients and society as a whole.
                                                                                                   pathologies, we guarantee quality of life at work for our teams,
                        The Ramsay Hospital Research Foundation (RHRF), supported by               we provide increasingly accessible care.
                        an annual $5 million grant from the Paul Ramsay Foundation,             2. Develop medical innovation to deliver the best care - we




For personal use only
                        funded six new research grants this year with 50+ expressions              actively support clinical research, we foster the professional
                        of interest demonstrating Ramsay's capability to support a broad           development of our employees, we boost our innovation
                        range of investigations.                                                   strategy through Living Labs.
                        RHRF also increased clinical trials within the Ramsay Clinical Trials   3. Systematise the dialogue with our stakeholders - we promote
                        Network by 11%, with five new sites (20 in total) and over 250 trials      a harmonious dialogue with our stakeholders as a key condition
                        across Australia.                                                          of progress.
                                                                                                4. Protect the planet to improve health - we reduce our impact
                                                                                                   on climate change, we improve waste management and combat
                                                                                                   waste, we involve our suppliers in our environmental approach.
                                                                                                A mission committee, made up of respected independent experts,
                                                                                                oversees Ramsay Santé’s progress towards achieving its 21
                                                                                                commitments. The first mission audit is due in 2025.



                                                                                                “This mission seals our commitment
                                                                                                to orchestrating safer and simpler
                                                                                                care pathways, from prevention
                        Numerous significant studies are underway within the Ramsay
                        Clinical Trials Network, including a ground-breaking trial led          to follow-up.
                        by Professor Adnan Khattak to develop a personalised cancer
                                                                                                Pascal Roché
                        vaccine therapy, targeting melanoma patients. The vaccine,
                                                                                                Ramsay Santé CEO
                        mRNA-4157, harnesses a patient's tumour DNA to specifically
                        target their individual tumour.
                                                                                                Partnerships for good
                        Since inception in 2017, RHRF has allocated over $22.1 million in
                        support of more than 40 research grants.                                Ramsay UK has partnered with the independent Purpose Coalition
                                                                                                to tackle some of the biggest challenges facing people across


                        “Ramsay has a strong commitment
                                                                                                the country.
                                                                                                The Purpose Coalition maps and measures organisational action
                                                                                                across 14 goals targeting social and health inequality.
                        to providing direct benefits                                            In a comprehensive report released in June 2023, Ramsay
                                                                                                UK was found to have demonstrated significant positive social
                        and improved outcomes for                                               impact across several key goals, including promoting good health
                        patients, and research is driving                                       and wellbeing, sustainable communities, harnessing the energy
                                                                                                transition and fair career progression.
                        a transformative shift in the                                           Read the report at ramsayhealth.com/en/about/our-
                        healthcare landscape.                                                   businesses/ramsay-UK/

                        Nicola Ware
                        Ramsay Hospital Research Foundation CEO




                        26   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        People caring for people                                                   Responsible sourcing
                        Our responsibility goes beyond connecting patients to                      Ramsay's supply partners play a crucial role in the success
                        skilled practitioners.                                                     of our hospitals, clinics and pharmacies. They are instrumental
                                                                                                   in providing the medical equipment, devices, supplies
                        At our hundreds of sites and with the support of our people,
                                                                                                   and pharmaceuticals required for high quality patient care
                        Ramsay has a valuable role in serving society-at-large.
                                                                                                   and treatment.
                        Ramsay supports local and global communities in a wide range of
                                                                                                   Ramsay has a large and complex global supply chain and it is
                        ways, including:
                                                                                                   important that our commitment to responsible sourcing practices
                        • Making high quality healthcare more accessible through                   is clear and aligned with our sustainability goals.
                          facilities in a growing number of regional cities and towns
                        • Providing local job opportunities, promoting economic growth              Key achievements
                          and regional stability



                                                                                                                                                                              Year in Review
                        • Contributing to scientific and medical research capacity,                  As part of our Responsible Sourcing Program, in
                          building knowledge and partnerships                                        FY23 we achieved our milestone of having 40% of
                                                                                                     our suppliers (by share of spend) assessed by the
                        • Supporting important community causes, charities, awareness
                          and education campaigns.                                                   sustainability ratings service EcoVadis. We are on
                                                                                                     track to achieve our target of 80% supplier assessed
                        This year, our community support has ranged from donating                    by FY26.
                        tonnes of surplus medical equipment to emergency relief in
                        developing nations and providing free health checks to vulnerable




For personal use only
                        communities, to supporting local charities and sports teams, as
                                                                                                   In FY23, we launched our Global Responsible Sourcing Policy
                        well as raising public awareness of important health issues such
                                                                                                   which sets out our expectations and guidelines for all suppliers in


                                                                                                                                                                              Our Business
                        as mental health and cancer.
                                                                                                   the key areas of
                                                                                                   • legal compliance
                                                                                                   • human and labour rights
                                                                                                   • business ethics
                                                                                                   • environmental impact.
                                                                                                   Our Global Responsible Sourcing Policy is aligned with the
                                                                                                   United Nations’ Guiding Principles on Business and Human
                                                                                                   Rights, the International Labour Organisation’s Declaration on
                                                                                                                                                                           Operating and
                                                                                                   Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and the United
                                                                                                   Nations’ Global Compact.

                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Review
                                                                                                   The policy is being incorporated into all our new supplier
                                                                                                   agreements and has become part of our standard conditions of
                                                                                                   supply to Ramsay.
                                                                                                   In FY23 we also implemented the FairSupply platform, which has
                                                                                                   enhanced Ramsay's capability to map our global supply chains
                        Ramsay UK's customer care team used their annual 'Giving Back'             and identify any risks of modern slavery.

                                                                                                                                                                          Remuneration Report
                        day to volunteer for a greening project clearing weeds to support
                                                                                                   Ramsay expects its suppliers to share our commitment to
                        local biodiversity.
                                                                                                   responsible sourcing practices and values a collaborative
                                                                                                   approach to achieving its sustainability objectives.

                                                                                                                                                                              – Audited
                                                                                                   Our annual Impact Report is made available at
                                                                                                   ramsayhealth.com/ramsaycares




                                                                                                                                                                              Directors’ Report




                        Each year, Ramsay Santé people rally in support of Breast Cancer
                        Awareness Month, known as Octobre Rose. Throughout the month, Ramsay
                        Santé teams organise cancer screening and fundraising events to support
                        cancer research and education. Nearly 300 employees took part in the




                                                                                                                                                                              Financial Results
                        annual Odysséa race in Paris to support the fight against breast cancer.




                                                                                                                          Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023      27
                        3 Operating and Financial Review




For personal use only
                        Martyn Roberts
                        GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER


                        3.1 Group Performance
                        Key Highlights

                             Total revenue grew 11.6% on the previous corresponding               The business accelerated digital and operational
                             period (pcp) reflecting an increase in activity across all regions   transformation programs to improve performance, patient
                             led by growth in surgical admissions and a gradual recovery          experience and clinical outcomes in particular in Australia.
                             in non-surgical admissions. Total revenue includes full year
                             contributions from businesses acquired in FY22 including             Net financing costs increased 34.4% to $474.3m. Net financing
                             Elysium Healthcare (Elysium) and GHP Specialty Care (GHP)            costs (excl. AASB 16 lease costs) increased 100.1% on the pcp
                             ($777m increase compared to the pcp).                                reflecting the impact of rapidly rising base rates and higher
                                                                                                  drawn debt over the period. Net financing costs includes
                             EBIT includes a positive contribution from non-recurring items       net positive swap mark to market movements of $26.8m
                             of $42.1m ($60.5m negative contribution in the pcp). The             ($34.1m in the pcp). Removing the impact of mark to market
                             primary contributors being asset sales in Ramsay Santé of            movements costs increased 71.5%.
                             $55.3m partially offset by a $20.5m impairment taken on 3
                             properties in the 84 site Elysium portfolio.                         The effective tax rate increased from 29.6% to 33.2% primarily
                                                                                                  due to a higher tax expense in the UK.
                             Group EBIT (inclusive of discontinued operations) increased
                             14.6% on the pcp reflecting the improving operating                  The business continued to invest in expanding its services
                             environment in Australia and strong growth in the UK acute           footprint and building its digital and data capability to improve
                             hospital business and Ramsay Sime Darby (RSD). The positive          the patient, employee and doctor experience and drive
                             results were offset to an extent by lower earnings from              productivity. Investment in brownfield, greenfield and growth
                             Ramsay Santé and Elysium. Underlying Group EBIT (ex non-             projects across the Group was $380m and investment in
                             recurring items) increased 2.9% on the pcp.                          digital and data was $108m ($83.7m was expensed). Total
                                                                                                  capex for the year was $772m.
                             Whilst 2HFY23 statutory NPAT was significantly below 1HFY23
                             due to higher interest and tax costs and a negative                  A final dividend of 25.0cps was determined down 48.5% on
                             contribution from non-recurring items, EBIT before non-              the pcp taking the full year dividend to 75.0cps representing a
                             recurring items for 2HFY23 was only 1.5% below 1HFY23                payout ratio of 60% of full year Statutory Net Profit.
                             due to acute seasonality factors in Australia and a lower            In FY24 we expect mid-single digit top line growth.
                             performance from Elysium.                                            Transformation initiatives in place will drive margin
                             The rate of recovery in earnings across the Group was                improvement over time, albeit in FY24 margin recovery
                             slowed by staffing shortages and inflationary cost pressures         will be slowed by inflationary cost pressures, increased
                             in particular labour costs. The estimated direct impact of           investment in digital and data programs and higher
                             operating in a COVID environment in Australia and the UK             funding costs.
                             combined in 1QFY23 was $66.8m. The direct impact has
                             declined to an immaterial level with residual costs expected
                             to continue in the business for the foreseeable future.




                        28    Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        3.1.1 Overview of Results
                         Year Ended June A$'m                                                         2023               2022             Chg (%)         Chg(%) cc1
                         Asia Pacific                                                              5,711.0            5,361.2                  6.5               6.5
                         UK                                                                        1,941.2            1,321.5                46.9              49.4
                         Europe                                                                    7,686.9            7,064.4                  8.8               8.1
                         Total segment revenue & other income                                     15,339.1           13,747.1                11.6              11.4
                         Asia Pacific                                                                 816.9              725.5               12.6              13.6
                         UK                                                                           208.9                82.0            154.8             156.8
                         Europe                                                                    1,143.7            1,160.1                 (1.4)             (2.5)
                         EBITDAR including discontinued operations                                 2,169.5            1,967.6                10.3              10.1
                         Rent on short term or low value leases                                      (147.4)            (137.4)               (7.3)             (7.6)


                                                                                                                                                                             Year in Review
                         Asia Pacific                                                                 806.2              713.6               13.0              14.0
                         UK                                                                           206.3                80.1            157.6             159.7
                         Europe                                                                    1,009.6            1,036.5                 (2.6)             (3.9)
                         EBITDA including discontinued operations                                  2,022.1            1,830.2                10.5              10.2
                         Depreciation                                                                (940.3)            (881.8)               (6.6)             (5.2)
                         Amortisation & impairment                                                     (60.5)             (57.1)              (6.0)             (6.4)
                         Asia Pacific                                                                 576.4              467.3               23.3              23.5




For personal use only
                         UK                                                                             63.8              (26.2)                 -                  -



                                                                                                                                                                             Our Business
                         Europe                                                                       381.1              450.2              (15.3)            (17.8)
                         EBIT including discontinued operations                                    1,021.3              891.3                14.6              13.2
                         Financing costs (AASB16 Leases)                                             (253.0)            (242.2)               (4.5)             (4.8)
                         Net other financing costs                                                   (221.3)            (110.6)           (100.1)           (101.7)
                         Profit before Tax including discontinued operations                         547.0              538.5                  1.6               1.1
                         Income Tax Expense                                                          (181.5)            (159.3)             (13.9)            (13.3)
                         Net Profit after tax including discontinued operations                      365.5              379.2                 (3.6)             (7.2)
                         Attributable to non-controlling interests                                     (67.4)           (105.2)              35.9              39.2


                                                                                                                                                                          Operating and
                         Net Profit after tax attributable to owners of the parent                   298.1              274.0                  8.8               5.1
                         Final dividend per share (¢)                                                   25.0               48.5             (48.5)                  -
                         Full year dividend per share (¢)                                               75.0               97.0             (22.7)                  -
                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Review
                         Basic Earnings per share (after CARES dividend) (¢)                          125.1              116.3                 7.6                  -
                         Fully diluted earnings per share (after CARES dividend) (¢)                  124.8              116.1                 7.5                  -
                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares (m)                               227.9              227.8                   -                  -
                         Fully diluted weighted average number of shares (m)                          228.4              228.3                   -                  -
                        1 Constant currency



                                                                                                                                                                         Remuneration Report
                        3.1.1.1 Revenue Breakdown by type


                                                                                                                                                                             – Audited
                         Year Ended June A$'m                                                        2023               2022              Chg (%)         Chg (%) cc1
                         Revenue from patients and other revenue                                  14,962.2           13,174.0                13.6               12.4
                         Revenue from governments under COVID support contracts                        1.7              138.4                   -                   -
                         Revenue from contracts with customers                                    14,963.9           13,312.4                12.4               12.3
                         Interest income                                                              39.9               36.2                10.2                6.9
                         Other income - income from government grants                                290.2              402.0               (27.8)             (27.9)
                         Other income - income from the sale of development assets                    14.9                1.8                   -                   -



                                                                                                                                                                             Directors’ Report
                         Other income - net profit on disposal of non-current assets                  60.3               23.8              153.4              152.3
                         Total revenue and other income before
                         intersegment revenue                                                     15,369.2           13,776.2                11.6               11.4
                        1 Constant currency


                        The increase in revenue from patients and other revenue reflects the increase in activity levels in each region lead by growth in surgical
                        admissions with non-surgical activity recovering in 2HFY23. Growth in surgical admissions in Australia and Europe was skewed towards
                        day or short stay surgeries, reflecting a large proportion of deferred surgery from the prior period being lower acuity surgery, combined
                        with a trend in France in some elective specialities to day surgery.




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Results
                        In Europe, Ramsay Santé continued to make its facilities and clinical capabilities available to support public health systems to assist in the
                        response to further outbreaks of the COVID virus. "Other income from government grants" reflects payments received under the French
                        Government decree which provides compensation for both lost revenue and the costs to Ramsay Santé of providing its facilities and
                        services to assist with supporting COVID patients. It also includes compensation for COVID related costs and compensation for wage
                        increases and the impact of high inflation on the business from both the French and Nordics governments.




                                                                                                                          Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023     29
                        Activity is now at a level in France where the reliance on the guarantee has declined significantly with $137.5m (€88.7m) revenue booked
                        for the 12 month period under the guarantee representing 2.6% of total revenue reported in France for the period. The remaining $152.7m
                        represents cost compensation.
                        The revenue contribution from businesses acquired in FY22 including Elysium and GHP was $776.8m higher than the pcp.
                        Net profit on the disposal of non-current assets reflects net profit on the sale of assets in Europe of $56.9m combined with profit on the
                        sale of the Murray Valley hospital site in Australia of $3.4m.
                        Income from the sale of development assets represents the sale of medical suites in Australia ($7.6m in profit included in non-
                        recurring items).


                        3.1.2 EBIT
                        Non-Recurring Items in the FY23 Result

                          A$'m                                                                                      Asia Pacific                      UK      Europe     RHC Group
                          Net profit on disposal of non-current assets and businesses                                     11.0                           -      55.3          66.3
                          Net Impairment of fixed assets + right of use assets                                                 -                    (14.3)1        -         (14.3)
                          Partial reversal of non-recurring employee costs                                                 5.5                           -         -           5.5
                          Transaction costs/ Acquisition, disposal, and
                          development costs                                                                                  (2.6)                   (0.6)     (12.2)         (15.4)




For personal use only
                          Total EBIT Impact                                                                                 13.9                   (14.9)      43.1           42.1
                          Net swap mark to market movements                                                                   8.8                        -      18.0           26.8
                          Total PBT Impact                                                                                  22.7                   (14.9)      61.1           68.9
                          Income tax impact of non-recurring items                                                           (6.8)                    3.0      (16.8)         (20.6)
                          Non-controlling interests in non-recurring items net of tax                                           -                        -     (20.8)         (20.8)
                          NPAT impact                                                                                       15.9                   (11.9)      23.5           27.5
                        1 Includes a $20.5m site impairment in Elysium partially offset by a write back of a prior year impairment in Ramsay UK $6.2m


                        Non-Recurring Items in the FY22 Result

                          A$'m                                                                                      Asia Pacific                        UK    Europe     RHC Group
                          Net profit on disposal of non-current assets and businesses                                        8.6                         -      10.6          19.2
                          Expensing of IT and other assets                                                                (12.6)                      (0.2)         -        (12.8)
                          Impairment of fixed assets                                                                      (10.1)                         -       (1.2)       (11.3)
                          Refund of prior year rent                                                                            -                         -        8.3          8.3
                          Inventory write off                                                                               (4.3)                   (18.0)          -        (22.3)
                          Write back of a provision for indemnities and warranties                                             -                         -      24.8          24.8
                          Non-recurring employee costs                                                                    (10.0)                         -          -        (10.0)
                          Transaction costs/ Acquisition, disposal, and
                          development costs                                                                                  (11.8)                 (26.2)     (18.4)         (56.4)
                          Total EBIT impact                                                                                 (40.2)                 (44.4)      24.1          (60.5)
                          Bank loan facility break costs netted against interest savings                                       (7.4)                    -          -            (7.4)
                          Net swap mark to market movements                                                                       -                     -       34.1           34.1
                          Total PBT Impact                                                                                  (47.6)                 (44.4)      58.2          (33.8)
                          Income tax impact of non-recurring items                                                            14.3                    8.4      (11.3)          11.4
                          Non-controlling interests in non-recurring items net of tax                                             -                     -      (22.5)         (22.5)
                          NPAT impact                                                                                       (33.3)                 (36.0)      24.4          (44.9)

                        The contribution to Group EBITDA from businesses acquired in FY22 including GHP and Elysium and smaller businesses in the Nordics
                        was $34.3m higher than the pcp.
                        Underlying Group EBIT (ex non-recurring items) increased 2.9% on the pcp reflecting the improving operating environment in Australia,
                        the UK acute hospital business and Ramsay Sime Darby. The result was offset to an extent by lower earnings from Ramsay Santé
                        and Elysium.
                        Whilst 2HFY23 statutory NPAT was significantly below 1HFY23 due to increased interest and tax costs and a negative contribution
                        from non-recurring items, EBIT before non-recurring items for 2HFY23 was only 1.5% below 1HFY23 due to acute seasonality factors in
                        Australia and a lower performance from Elysium.
                        Ramsay Santé's performance reflects the impact of inflation on costs over the last few years not fully reflected in government tariffs
                        combined with restrictions on capacity utilisation in the first part of the year due to labour shortages.
                        The short term performance of the Elysium business has been impacted by critical labour shortages restricting capacity utilisation and
                        resulting in higher labour costs. Elysium's performance started to improve in 4QFY23 as the recruitment pipeline reduced staff vacancies
                        and agency costs.




                        30     Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        The Group result includes the estimated direct impact of operating in a COVID environment in Australia and the UK combined in 1QFY23
                        of $66.8m. The estimated direct impact thereafter declined to an immaterial level. The residual costs associated with COVID are expected
                        to continue for the foreseeable future.
                        The positive contribution from non- recurring items in FY23 was weighted to the 1HFY23 result. At the EBIT level the contribution in
                        1HFY23 was $56.3m, in 2HFY23 non-recurring items made a negative contribution of $14.2m. Non-recurring items for the 12 month
                        period included:
                        • Net profit of $55.3m on the sale of assets in Europe (profit netted against a small loss on sale) including $46m on a property adjacent to
                          a Ramsay Santé hospital in the Nordics portfolio
                        • Net profit of $11m on the sale of consulting suites in Australia and profit on the sale of the Murray Valley hospital site
                        • The movement in amortisation and impairments reflects the reversal of an impairment taken against an underperforming hospital in
                          the UK in FY18, the performance of which has subsequently been improved ($6.2m), offset by the impairment of 3 sites in the Elysium
                          portfolio of ($20.5m)



                                                                                                                                                                                                         Year in Review
                        • Non-recurring employee costs in Asia Pacific represents the partial reversal of a provision taken in the FY22 result.
                        Refer to Divisional Performance for further detail.


                        3.1.3 Financing Costs and Tax
                        Net financing costs (incl. of AASB 16 costs) increased 34.4 % to $474.3m slightly above the range forecast for the year of $430-460m
                        and includes a lower positive impact of the swap mark to market in Ramsay Santé's financing facilities ($26.8m compared to $34.1m in




For personal use only
                        the pcp). Net financing costs (ex AASB 16) increased 100.1% over the pcp. Excluding the impact of swap mark to market movements, net
                        financing costs increased 71.5% reflecting higher base rates and higher average drawn debt across the period compared to the pcp.


                                                                                                                                                                                                         Our Business
                        The weighted average cost of debt for the Funding Group1 at 30 June was 4.74% (excluding CARES). Approximately 73% of the Funding
                        Group debt at 30 June was hedged at an average base rate (excluding lending margin) of 3.04%.
                        The weighted average cost of debt for the Consolidated Group at 30th June was 4.73% (excluding CARES). Approximately 73% of the
                        Consolidated Group debt at 30 June was hedged at an average base rate (excluding lending margin) of 2.57%.
                        Ramsay Santé continues to be supported by its own funding arrangements underpinned by secured loan facilities.
                        The effective tax rate for the period (inclusive of discontinued operations) was 33.2% compared to 29.6% in the pcp primarily reflecting
                        the non-deductibility of interest in the UK.

                                                                                                                                                                                                      Operating and
                        3.1.4 Balance Sheet
                            A$'m                                                                                                         30-6-2023              31-12-2022             30-6-2022     Financial Review

                            Working capital                                                                                                  (498.4)                (169.4)                (345.1)
                            Property plant & equip                                                                                         5,238.1                 5,035.7                4,806.5
                            Intangible assets                                                                                              6,163.7                 5,961.9                5,820.8
                            Current & deferred tax assets                                                                                       89.8                 106.2                  111.7

                                                                                                                                                                                                     Remuneration Report
                            Other assets/(liabilities)                                                                                         (17.0)                 (68.6)               (169.7)
                            Capital employed (before right of use assets)                                                                10,976.2                10,865.8               10,224.2
                            Right of use assets                                                                                            4,949.1                 4,735.4                4,629.5

                                                                                                                                                                                                         – Audited
                            Capital employed                                                                                             15,925.3                15,601.2               14,853.7
                            Capitalised Leases (AASB16)                                                                                    5,954.9                5,645.6                5,482.4
                            Net Debt (excl. lease liability debt & incl. derivatives)                                                      5,147.2                 5,241.0                4,845.1
                            Total shareholders funds (excl. minority interest)                                                             4,154.8                 4,070.1                3,933.5
                            Invested Capital                                                                                               9,302.0                9,311.1                8,778.6
                            Funding Group Net Debt (excl. lease liability debt and incl derivatives)1                                      2,664.4                 2,601.8                2,416.8




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ Report
                            Return on invested capital (ROIC) (%) AASB16 accounting methodology2                                                 4.4                    4.6                   4.33
                            Return on invested capital (ROIC) (%) cash methodology4                                                             11.2                   12.1                  11.5
                            Funding Group Leverage (Old Lease Standard AASB 117) (x)1 '5                                                         3.2                    3.5                   3.3
                            Consolidated Group Leverage (AASB 117) (x)6                                                                          3.6                    3.9                   3.5
                        1 The Funding Group excludes Ramsay Santé. Banking covenants and Fitch rating are calculated on the Funding Group rolling 12 month earnings profile and net debt
                        2 Accounting ROIC = 12 mth rolling EBIT *(1-tax)/average of opening and closing invested capital
                        3 Proforma excluding funds in escrow for the Spire transaction
                        4 Cash ROIC = 12 month rolling NOPAT (based on AASB117)/average opening and closing invested capital (AASB117)
                        5 Net debt (pre AASB16 basis) /EBITDA excluding non-recurring items
                        6 Prepared on a pre AASB16 basis Net debt/rolling 12 month EBITDA




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Results


                        1
                            Funding Group – excludes Ramsay Santé (funded by stand alone debt facilities). Banking covenants and Fitch rating based on the Funding Group earnings profile and net
                            debt. Ramsay Santé continues to be supported by its own funding arrangements underpinned by secured loan facilities against assets on its balance sheet




                                                                                                                                                Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023           31
                        Key changes in the balance sheet since 30th June 2022 relate to:
                        • The acquisition by Elysium of two UK child and adolescent mental health services facilities from Regis Healthcare Ltd (Regis) for $68.1m
                          (£40m); combined with the opening of brownfield and greenfield developments across the Group
                        • The completion of purchase price accounting for the acquisition of GHP in 2HFY22. Exchange rate translation on both Ramsay Santé
                          and UK goodwill also contributed to the increase in intangible assets since 31st December 2022
                        • The increase in “Right of Use Assets” is due to FX changes and additional leases being capitalised in Ramsay Santé following the
                          lowering of its lease value threshold
                        • The reclassification of the investment in Ramsay Sime Darby as "held for sale"
                        • The sale of a hospital and associated land in Norway owned by Ramsay Santé. There is a deferred payment associated with the sale of
                          the property of $30.5m (€20.2m) classified as a non-current asset
                        • The movement in working capital over the 12 month period is primarily related to the reimbursement of receivables under the French
                          Government revenue guarantee.
                        During the twelve month period lenders to Ramsay’s Funding Group agreed to increase the maximum allowable leverage ratio within its
                        banking covenants from 3.5x to 4x to take into account the short-term impact of COVID on earnings. The Funding Group finished the
                        period at 3.2x.


                        3.1.5 Cashflow
                         Year ended June A$'m                                                                           2023               2022            Chg (%)




For personal use only
                         EBITDA including discontinued operations                                                    2,022.1            1,830.2                10.5
                         Changes in working capital                                                                     153.3             (457.1)                  -
                         Finance costs                                                                                 (465.8)            (375.4)             (24.1)
                         Income tax paid                                                                               (234.2)            (229.3)               (2.1)
                         Movement in other items                                                                       (195.8)              (52.9)          (270.1)
                         Operating cash flow                                                                         1,279.6              715.5               78.8
                         Capital expenditure                                                                           (720.9)            (708.5)                1.8
                         Free cash flow                                                                                558.7                  7.0           7,881
                         Net divestments/(acquisitions)                                                                  (12.8)            734.1             101.7
                         Interest & dividends received                                                                    19.9                4.4            352.3
                         Cash flow after investing activities                                                          565.8              745.5              (24.1)
                         Dividends                                                                                     (236.8)            (371.0)              36.2
                         Other financing cash flows                                                                        (5.6)       (1,039.9)              (99.5)
                         Net increase/(decrease) in cash                                                               323.4             (665.4)            148.6
                         Cash interest cover (x) (EBITDA/finance charges)                                                   4.3               4.9             (11.3)

                        Operating cashflow increased 79% driven by higher earnings and a material improvement in working capital reflecting the reimbursement
                        of receivables in Ramsay Santé.
                        Net divestments/(acquisitions) includes receipts from the sale of assets in Europe, receipts from the sale of development assets in
                        Australia and the sale of the Murray Valley hospital in Australia netted against the acquisition by Elysium of two UK based child and
                        adolescent mental health services facilities.
                        Ramsay continued to invest in the business over the period. Total Group cash capital expenditure for the period was $715m. The
                        difference between total Group capex of $771.5m and cash capex being primarily finance leases subsequently taken out against assets in
                        Ramsay Santé.


                        Capital Expenditure by Region ($'m)                                     Group Capital Expenditure by Region (%)
                         1,000


                                                                                     772
                                                                                                                                              Asia Pacific – 43
                                                                               733                                                            UK – 14
                         750
                                                                                                                                              Europe – 43


                         500

                                        307 332                    334 329                      Group Capital Expenditure by Type (%)

                         250                                                                                                                  Routine &
                                                       93 111                                                                                 Compliance – 45
                                                                                                                                              Growth – 7
                          0                                                                                                                   Digital – 6
                                        Asia Pacific     UK         Europe       Total                                                        Brownfield &
                                                                                                                                              Greenfield – 42
                                 FY22           FY23




                        32       Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        3.1.6 Outlook

                                           Group

                             Ramsay is uniquely positioned to win share and benefit from the growing demand for healthcare services underpinned
                             by changes in demographics, clinical and technological advancements and high demand for healthcare services requiring
                             governments and the private sector to work more closely together. The current environment dictates some change in the
                             emphasis and focus of the long term strategy.
                             In light of higher development costs and disruption in the building industry combined with some of the trends that have emerged
                             through COVID, investment in the pipeline of opportunities will be modified to ensure disciplined capital allocation and


                                                                                                                                                                               Year in Review
                             focused execution of the strategy with Australia being the key priority for investment.
                             The emphasis of the Australian growth strategy will shift towards investment in digital and data platforms to drive and
                             support growth and improve the efficiency of the business. Investment in the physical footprint will be focused towards
                             treatment and diagnostics capacity in addition to investment in out of hospital activities to create a more integrated healthcare
                             experience for patients.
                             Australian earnings in FY24 are expected to reflect mid single digit volume growth as the market continues to recover. A
                             range of initiatives have been introduced to improve near term performance focused on driving top line growth, improving




For personal use only
                             revenue management and operational excellence and cost efficiencies, designed to offset the ongoing pressure on costs, in
                             particular labour costs.



                                                                                                                                                                               Our Business
                             In FY24 Ramsay UK is forecasting volume growth in the mid to high single digits driven from both the public and private
                             sector while continuing to target higher acuity activity. The business will continue to focus on functional excellence and
                             operational efficiencies to offset ongoing cost pressures.
                             The performance of Elysium is expected to improve in FY24 off a stronger 4QFY23 performance (pre-impairment of PPE right
                             of use asset) driven by a reduction in staff vacancy rates resulting in lower labour costs combined with a focus on other costs and
                             higher reimbursement rates. A failure to improve profitability would result in the deterioration of Elysium’s financial outlook in the
                             near-term and may adversely impact its valuation.
                             Ramsay Santé is currently forecasting top line volume growth of low single digit in France and better in the Nordics

                                                                                                                                                                            Operating and
                             supported by the acquisitions made over the last years. The business will continue to focus on integrating recently acquired
                             businesses and licences and self-funding the build out of its regional out of hospital services to support its strong core hospital
                             business. Margins will continue to be impacted by the cumulative impact of the higher cost environment that is currently not fully

                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Review
                             reflected in the annual tariff set for the year from 1st March 2023. Reflecting rising base rates and higher drawn debt, net interest
                             expense is expected to be materially higher than FY23.
                             In June 2023 Ramsay announced, in conjunction with its 50:50 joint venture partner Sime Darby Berhad, that it was exploring
                             the sale of the RSD.1A sale process was commenced which has resulted in the receipt of a number of non-binding indicative
                             offers. Ramsay and Sime Darby are in the process of narrowing the number of parties we will take through to the next stage
                             of the process. We expect to announce the outcome of the process before the AGM, noting that there is no certainty that a sale
                             process will result in a completed transaction.

                                                                                                                                                                           Remuneration Report
                             Ramsay expects growth in earnings in FY24 to be driven by:
                             • Mid-single digit top line growth driven by higher volumes and higher reimbursement levels


                                                                                                                                                                               – Audited
                             • Margin recovery will be slowed by ongoing inflationary pressures across most costs which are not fully reflected in
                               reimbursement structures
                             • An increase in digital and data opex investment in Australia of $34-44m over FY23 (total opex $60-70m)
                             • Depreciation and amortisation is expected in the range of $1.0bn - $1.1bn
                             • Net interest expense (incl. of AASB16 lease costs) is expected to be in the range $570-600m reflecting higher average
                               base rates2




                                                                                                                                                                               Directors’ Report
                             • The effective tax rate is expected to be ~30%
                             • The balance sheet is expected to de-lever through a combination of organic growth and proceeds from the potential sale
                               of RSD
                             • Investment in brownfield and greenfield projects in Australia is expected to be $250-300m focused on expanding hospital
                               treatment capacity and its out of hospital services footprint
                             • Group capex is expected to be $0.89-$1.02bn
                             • The dividend payout ratio is expected to be in the range of 60-70% of Statutory Net Profit.
                             For further information on the Outlook refer to Divisional Performance for further details




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Results


                        1
                            Refer ASX announcement dated 28th June 2023
                        2
                            Does not assume the sale of RSD




                                                                                                                           Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023      33
                        3.2 Divisional Performance
                        3.2.1 Asia Pacific
                        3.2.1.1 Results Summary
                        Australia

                          Year Ended June A$'m                                                                         2023              2022            Chg (%)
                          Revenue from patients and other revenue                                                   5,682.9           5,331.4                6.6
                          Revenue from governments under COVID support contracts                                            -              12.3                -
                          Other income - income from the sale of development assets                                      14.9               1.8                -
                          Other income - net profit on disposal of non-current assets                                     3.4               8.6           (60.5)
                          Intersegment revenue                                                                            9.8               7.1            38.0
                          Total segment revenue and other income (less interest income)                             5,711.0           5,361.2                6.5
                          EBITDAR                                                                                     797.0             710.2              12.2
                          Rent                                                                                          (10.7)            (11.9)           10.1
                          EBITDA                                                                                      786.3             698.3              12.6
                          Depreciation                                                                                (219.8)           (222.4)              1.2




For personal use only
                          Amortisation and impairment                                                                   (10.0)            (23.9)           58.2
                          EBIT                                                                                        556.5             452.0              23.1
                          Financing costs associated with leases (AASB16 leases)                                        (44.9)            (42.2)            (6.4)
                          EBIT after financing costs associated with leases                                           511.6             409.8              24.8
                          Capital Expenditure                                                                          332.0             307.0                 -

                        Contribution from Asian Joint Venture (within discontinued businesses)

                          Year Ended June A$'m                                                                        2023              2022             Chg (%)
                          Share of profit from Joint Venture                                                           19.9              15.3              30.1

                          Year Ended June MYR'm1                                                                      2023              2022             Chg (%)
                          Revenue                                                                                   1,320.4           1,178.2              12.1
                          EBITDA                                                                                      301.1             259.6              16.0
                          EBIT                                                                                       187.9             158.7               18.4
                        1 Represents the results for 100% of Ramsay Sime Darby


                        3.2.1.2 Review of Results

                        3.2.1.2.1 Australia

                        The result in Australia benefited from growth in volumes compared to the pcp and FY19 (pre COVID) levels across all categories except
                        psychiatry (psych) and maternity with the rate of volume growth in the 2HFY23 stronger than the rate of growth in 1HFY23. The operating
                        environment gradually improved over the 12 month period, albeit the rate of growth has been slower than expected, as disruptions
                        caused by COVID and workforce shortages started to normalise.
                        Total admissions per work day increased 4.7% compared to the pcp and 5.8% vs FY19 (pre COVID). Key trends in admissions across the 12
                        month period included:
                        • Surgical admissions per work day increased 7% over the pcp (9% versus FY19) with day surgery increasing at a faster rate of 7.6% than
                          overnight surgery at 5.9% compared to the pcp. Growth in 2HFY23 was higher than 1H at 10.1% vs pcp (10% compared to 2HFY19)
                          compared to 1H at 3.9% (7.8% increase vs 1HFY19).
                        • Non-surgical admissions per workday increased 2.3% compared to the pcp (2.4% compared to FY19). Growth in 2HFY23 was higher at
                          6.5% led by increases in rehabilitation (10.3 % on pcp) and medical admissions. Psych volumes have been slower to recover remaining
                          below FY19 levels. Maternity volumes are also currently below last year and FY19 by 9%.
                        Revenue from the Pharmacy business increased 6.8% on the pcp to $511.3m driven by increased volumes combined with the expansion
                        of aged care and professional services. During the year, an additional community pharmacy franchise was opened in Queensland. Other
                        opportunities are being pursued to expand the portfolio in line with strategic objectives including the launch of an e-commerce platform,
                        continued focus on services to aged care and expanded funded professional pharmacist services.
                        The State government viability agreements to recover losses stemming from the operating restrictions around COVID, ceased on 30th
                        September 2022. Ramsay has subsequently entered into agreements with state government health authorities to undertake public work
                        on a more commercial basis moving forward.
                        Amortisation and impairment declined over the period due to a $10.1m impairment charge taken in the pcp.




                        34    Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        EBIT grew 23.1% on the pcp benefiting from volume growth, the reduced impact of COVID cases in the community and the easing in the
                        impact of labour shortages on capacity utilisation and labour costs in the business. Margins are gradually benefiting from improved activity
                        and operational leverage, as well as programs introduced to better manage labour costs.
                        Negotiations with a number of health funds have been completed over the last twelve months. Negotiated rates of indexation and
                        contract terms have been more reflective of the inflationary environment at the time of contracting. Given the ongoing escalation in
                        costs, in particular wage increases and government charges and levies, the business will continue to have a proactive dialogue with key
                        stakeholders around reimbursement models.
                        The result includes digital and data opex of $27m an increase of $20m on the pcp. The result also includes cyber security related opex
                        of $10m.
                        There is a positive EBIT contribution from non-recurring items of $13.9m which includes the $5.5m partial reversal of a provision in the
                        FY22 result for non-recurring employee costs, a $7.6m profit on the sale of development assets and a $3.4m profit on the sale of the
                        Murray Valley hospital site. The FY22 EBIT result included a negative contribution from non-recurring items of $40.2m. (Refer tables in
                        Section 2.2.2 for further details).


                                                                                                                                                                             Year in Review
                        The result also reflects higher global overheads, compared to the pcp (increased $8.9m on the pcp). Removing the impact of non-
                        recurring items and the increase in global overheads the Australian EBIT result increased 12.0% on the pcp and includes an improvement
                        in EBITDAR margins in 4QFY23 compared to 3Q.

                        3.2.1.2.2 Ramsay Sime Darby

                        The Ramsay Sime Darby (RSD) joint venture reported a 30.1% increase in its equity accounted contribution driven by a 18.4% increase




For personal use only
                        in EBIT (in local currency) over the pcp reflecting growth in Malaysia offset by lower earnings in Indonesia due to the benefits of COVID
                        related activities in the prior year.



                                                                                                                                                                             Our Business
                        3.2.1.3 Capital Expenditure

                        Total capital expenditure in Australia was $332m split across:
                        • $208m in brownfield and greenfield projects
                        • $18m in other growth projects
                        • $11m in digital and data projects. This spend is in addition to the digital and data opex of $27m mentioned above
                        • $95m in routine and compliance projects
                        Brownfield and greenfield investment was at the lower end of original forecasts due to delays caused by external approval processes               Operating and
                        and issues in the building industry at the current time. Spend in FY23 included the Northern Private Hospital in Melbourne (scheduled to
                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Review
                        be completed by the end of CY2023) greenfield project and the redevelopment of Warringal Hospital in Melbourne. Activity in FY23 also
                        included investment in out of hospital activities including expanding Ramsay Psychology from 11 clinics to 18 at the end of June.
                        Brownfield projects completed during the period with a net investment of $73.8m delivered 22 net beds, one theatre and one cath
                        lab. Projects completed during the year included the expansion of Wollongong hospital and the expansion of treatment capacity at
                        Peninsula hospital.



                                                                                                                                                                         Remuneration Report



                                                                                                                                                                             – Audited




                                                                                                                                                                             Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Results
                        Ramsay Australia CEO Carmel Monaghan (right) with Lead Independent Director David Thodey (left)
                        and allied health manager Ryan Park (centre) at St Andrew's Private Hospital Ipswich.




                                                                                                                          Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023     35
                        3.2.1.4 Outlook

                                          Australia
                                          In the medium term the Australian business's strategy will focus on:
                                          • Investing in its extensive hospital network to ensure that its facilities meet the future demand for healthcare services;
                             • Investing in new and adjacent services including its day surgery strategy, psychology clinics and out of hospital community
                               care services;
                             • Focusing on operational excellence including an expanded procurement strategy to leverage Ramsay's global scale to offset
                               rising costs;
                             • Investing in its operational foundations including its 5 year digital and data strategy and sustainability initiatives encompassing
                               the reduction of carbon emissions and single use plastics; and
                             • Ongoing workforce initiatives to ensure the business stays highly competitive, mitigates the risks in the current tight labour
                               market and differentiates itself as a service provider of the future.

                             FY24 Outlook
                             Australian earnings in FY24 are expected to improve on the back of mid-single digit volume growth, productivity improvements
                             coming from improved labour management and cost saving initiatives.
                             The business has launched a range of operational and transformation programs in 3 areas:




For personal use only
                             • Activity growth;
                             • Improved revenue management; and
                             • Operational excellence and cost efficiencies.
                             Earnings will reflect the upfront costs of opening the new Northern Hospital in Melbourne combined with additional state levies
                             and taxes and an increase in cyber security related costs ($10m higher than in FY23).
                             The business will continue to ensure health insurers pay indexation that better reflects the cumulative impact of inflation
                             on costs over the last few years and the ongoing upward pressure on wages in the market including the increase in the
                             superannuation guarantee.
                             The Out of Hospital operations will continue to focus on underlying organic growth combined with the rollout of new sites in 2024.
                             The Australian business will continue to invest for growth in its greenfield and brownfield program together with an increased
                             emphasis on growing the digital and data platform to supporting future growth and productivity improvements:
                             • Net investment in digital and data projects is expected to be $76-86m in total ($40-50m increase on FY23) split into $60-70m in
                               net opex ($34-44m increase on FY23) combined with $16-18m in capex
                             • Investment in digital and data projects is expected to increase in FY25 to $140-160m. It is expected that this will be treated
                               $70-80m as net opex and $70-80m as capex
                             • Based on current plans net opex is expected to peak in FY25 and become a net benefit in FY281. Benefits of the digital and
                               data investment programs are expected to be a mix of productivity, growth in revenue and cost reduction/avoidance
                             • The brownfield and greenfield project pipeline has been reviewed given high construction costs, problems in the building
                               industry at the current time and a slowdown in approval processes. The range is now expected to be $250-300m. Projects will
                               continue to be focused on expansion of treatment capacity as opposed to material increases in bed capacity

                             Ramsay Sime Darby
                             In FY24 RSD expects to report further growth in earnings driven by an ongoing recovery in activity in demand for surgical services
                             and an increase in demand for out of hospital services including in home care and allied services such as health screenings, eye
                             health and dental care.
                             On 28th June 2023 Ramsay announced that together with its partner Sime Darby Berhad (Sime Darby), a decision had been made
                             to explore the possibility of realising a sale of its 50:50 joint venture in Asia, RSD.2 The decision was reached following the receipt
                             of significant inbound interest in RSD at values that are in shareholders’ interests to explore.
                             Subsequent to the announcement in June, a sale process was commenced which has resulted in the receipt of a number of
                             non-binding indicative offers. Ramsay and Sime Darby are in the process of narrowing the number of parties we will take through
                             to the next stage of the process. We expect to announce the outcome of the process before the AGM, noting that there is no
                             certainty that a sale process will result in a completed transaction.




                        1
                            The benefits of programs delivered outweigh the investment in new programs
                        2
                            Refer ASX announcement dated 28th June 2023




                        36     Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        3.2.2 United Kingdom
                        3.2.2.1 Results Summary
                          Year Ended June A$'m                                                                                                   2023              20221           Chg (%)
                          Ramsay UK - acute hospital business
                          Revenue from patients and other revenue                                                                              1,147.0            911.1               25.9
                          Revenue from governments under COVID support contracts                                                                     1.7          126.1              (98.7)
                          Total revenue and other income                                                                                       1,148.7          1,037.2               10.8
                          EBITDAR                                                                                                                172.3               46.8           268.2
                          Rent                                                                                                                      (1.2)             (1.4)           14.3
                          EBITDA                                                                                                                 171.1               45.4           276.9


                                                                                                                                                                                                   Year in Review
                          Depreciation                                                                                                            (94.0)            (92.8)             (1.3)
                          Amortisation and impairment                                                                                                6.4              (1.8)               -
                          EBIT                                                                                                                    83.5             (49.2)                 -
                          Financing costs associated leases (AASB16 Leases)                                                                       (77.3)            (82.6)              6.4
                          EBIT less financing costs associated with leases                                                                           6.2         (131.8)                  -
                          Capital Expenditure                                                                                                      44.3              71.8                 -
                          Elysium - Mental Healthcare




For personal use only
                          Revenue from patients and other revenue                                                                                788.5            284.3             177.3



                                                                                                                                                                                                   Our Business
                          Total revenue and other income                                                                                         792.5            284.3             178.8
                          EBITDAR                                                                                                                  36.6             35.2              4.0
                          Rent                                                                                                                       (1.4)           (0.5)          180.0
                          EBITDA                                                                                                                   35.2             34.7              1.4
                          Depreciation                                                                                                             (34.4)          (11.7)           194.0
                          Amortisation and impairment                                                                                              (20.5)                -              -
                          EBIT                                                                                                                    (19.7)            23.1           (185.3)
                          Financing costs associated leases (AASB16 Leases)                                                                        (12.8)            (5.0)          156.0
                          EBIT less financing costs associated with leases                                                                        (32.5)            18.1           (279.6)
                          Capital Expenditure                                                                                                       66.5            20.8                -       Operating and
                          UK Segment

                                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Review
                          Total segment revenue and other income                                                                               1,941.2           1,321.5             46.9
                          Total EBITDAR                                                                                                          208.9              82.0            154.8
                          Total EBITDA                                                                                                           206.3              80.1            157.6
                          Total EBIT                                                                                                              63.8             (26.1)               -
                          Total Capital Expenditure - UK                                                                                         110.9              92.6                -


                                                                                                                                                                                               Remuneration Report
                        1 Elysium was acquired on 31st January 2022. The FY22 earnings only have a five month contribution from the business


                        Overview of UK result in Local Currency

                                                                                                                                                                                                   – Audited
                          Year Ended June £'m                                                                                                    2023              20221           Chg (%)
                          Total Revenue and other income                                                                                       1,083.0             725.1             49.4
                          EBITDAR                                                                                                                116.4              48.5            139.8
                          EBITDA                                                                                                                 114.9              44.3            159.4
                          EBIT                                                                                                                    35.8             (15.3)           333.5
                        1 Elysium Healthcare was acquired on 31st January 2022




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Directors’ Report
                        Proforma Result Comparison for Elysium Healthcare

                          Year Ended June £'m                                                                                                    2023              20221           Chg (%)
                          Total revenue and other income                                                                                         442.2             375.0              17.9
                          EBITDAR                                                                                                                  20.6             43.2             (52.3)
                          EBITDA                                                                                                                   19.8             40.8             (51.4)
                          EBIT                                                                                                                    (10.3)            21.4           (148.1)
                        1 Assumes ownership for the full 12 months ended June 2022




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Results




                                                                                                                                                  Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023   37
                        3.2.2.2 Review of Results

                        The UK region result benefited from good volume growth and mix improvement in the acute hospital business from both the public
                        and private sector combined with an improvement in the hospital operating environment as COVID cases in the community declined
                        driving a significant turnaround in its EBITDA contribution. Both Ramsay UK and Elysium were impacted by inflationary cost pressures and
                        labour shortages prevalent across the UK market. Non-recurring items in the current year were a negative EBIT contribution of $14.9m
                        compared to a negative contribution of $44.4m in the pcp. Removing the impact of non-recurring items, the UK EBIT result increased
                        318.5% to $78.7m.

                        Ramsay UK

                        Ramsay UK reported a 10.8% increase in revenue driven by a 14.4% increase in admissions over the pcp with growth in both private
                        and public channels. Private volumes represented 28% of total volumes across the period. NHS volumes increased 16% over the pcp
                        and private volumes increased by 10.4% driven by a 17.7% increase in PMI admissions reflecting success in a number of national insurer
                        tenders, including the finalising of a 4 year contract with BUPA. Self pay admissions growth has slowed following a sharp increase post
                        COVID, however inquiry levels remain high. The business has also benefited from a higher level of case complexity and the contribution
                        from the three new facilities opened through COVID.
                        Labour shortages are starting to ease but remain an issue in some areas and resulted in higher agency costs over the period. The
                        business has invested in its in-house recruitment capability and supplemented it with an offshore recruitment partner. Nurse and junior
                        doctor strike action has had little impact on the business to-date however may result in further inflationary wage pressure across




For personal use only
                        the sector.
                        EBITDAR margins improved materially over the year as the impact of COVID including patient cancellations declined to an immaterial
                        level. Margins continued to improve over the course of the year despite the headwinds caused by ongoing inflationary pressures.
                        The result includes non-recurring items of $6.2m related to the reversal of an impairment provision taken in a prior period due to the
                        sustained improvement in the performance of the hospital over the past few years. The result in the prior period included a negative
                        contribution from non-recurring transaction costs of $26.2m (₤16m) and a $18m write down in inventory (₤10.1m). Excluding the impact of
                        non-recurring items the business reported a significant turnaround in EBIT from negative $4.8m to $77.3m.

                        Elysium Healthcare

                        Ramsay acquired Elysium Healthcare in January 2022. References to performance versus the prior period assume the business was
                        owned for the full twelve month period i.e. proforma (unless otherwise stated), are for interest only and are based on results in
                        local currency.
                        Total revenue for the twelve month period increased 17.9% on the pcp reflecting a 10.3% increase in average occupied beds across the
                        twelve month period compared to the pcp (reflecting new developments that have come online), a 3.9% increase in the average daily fee
                        and a 48.9% increase in specialing revenue. The business took over the management of Ramsay UK's three neuro sites during the period.
                        In accordance with AASB136 Impairment of assets, the carrying value of the physical sites within the Elysium portfolio has been assessed.
                        This review has resulted in 3 sites out of its 84 operational sites being impaired at a total non-cash cost of $20.5m (₤10.9m).
                        On a like for like basis EBITDAR declined 52.3% on the pcp. The result was significantly impacted by lower than expected occupancy
                        rates, as the ramp up of new facilities has been hampered by staffing shortages impacting the ability to admit new patients across rehab
                        and neuro in particular; inflationary pressures across all inputs in particular staffing costs; and a higher use of agency staff increasing
                        labour costs over the period.
                        The business has invested in new recruitment and training services and facilities and this has seen an increase in the pipeline of
                        candidates as the labour market in the UK eases. Labour cost ratios improved over 4QFY23 as the use of agency staff started to decline
                        with labour costs as a percentage of revenue declining from 72.5% for the full year to 68.8% in June. The business has added 447 net FTE
                        since January including 197 international healthcare workers (a further 212 offers have been made).
                        The underlying result (ex non-cash site impairment) for the 4QFY23 was a significant improvement on the second and third quarter
                        reflecting the early benefits of the various initiatives introduced over the last twelve months. The focus remains on improving occupancy
                        which was higher in 4QFY23 than the full year but remains below the targeted level, and further reducing the use of agency workers.
                        In September 2022 Elysium acquired two freehold properties for £39.8m for the provision of services for child and adolescent mental
                        health services (CAMHS). The first site is an existing fully operational site in Ebbw Vale in Wales (21 beds) and the second site is a new
                        facility in Redditch, England (18 beds including 6 beds for young adult with eating disorders) which is expected to open 2QFY24. The
                        facilities have established relationships with NHS Wales and England and are consistent with the UK government's strategic objective to
                        deliver care closer to home and reduce the length of stay for young people and young adults.




                        38   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        3.2.2.3 Capital Expenditure

                        Capital expenditure in the UK over the twelve month period was $66.5m (£37.2m) for Elysium and $44.3m (₤24.8m) for Ramsay UK
                        of which:
                        • $43.3m was brownfield and greenfield capex;
                        • $5.2m was digital and data capex
                        • $8.7m was growth capex; and
                        • $53.7m was routine capex.
                        Total UK digital and data spend was $40.4m of which $35.2m was treated as opex rather than capex. Investment in RHCUK digital
                        capability & capacity continued, building on investment in an EHR and Workforce system as well as spend on three day hospitals projects,
                        the development of a two theatre day hospital with full diagnostics capability at Kettering which opened in mid-August 2023, investment



                                                                                                                                                                                   Year in Review
                        in diagnostic equipment, upgrading Ramsay UK's digital front door. Spend in Elysium was primarily on the upgrade and development and
                        extension of a number of sites across the portfolio.

                        3.2.2.4 Outlook

                                       NHS tariffs for the year commencing 1 April 2023 were finalised in mid August and the uplift is expected to flow by the
                                       end of September. The final tariffs for both businesses are in line with expectations and will be back dated to 1st April.




For personal use only
                                       Ramsay UK

                                                                                                                                                                                   Our Business
                            In FY24 Ramsay UK is expected to continue to benefit from growth in volumes from the NHS, as waiting lists lengthen and higher
                            volumes from the growing private pay market. The business is forecasting volume growth in the mid to high single digits in
                            percentage terms while continuing to target higher acuity levels.
                            Operating margins are expected to improve due to an ongoing focus on functional excellence and operational efficiencies
                            combined with the benefit of additional volume. The business expects to continue to be impacted by inflationary pressures and a
                            tight labour market for clinical workers in the UK. Increased investment in its workforce strategy will be focused on attracting and
                            retaining talent.
                            The business expects to invest $61m (₤34.1m) in capex of which A$31.5m (₤17.6m) will be spent on enhancing capacity including
                            building out imaging and diagnostic capability.
                            Investment in its digital infrastructure and its health platform will be ongoing and is expected to be $12.7m (₤7.1m in total)                      Operating and
                            comprising $2m (₤1.1m) in SaaS operational costs plus $10.7m (₤6m) in capex. The key focus of the digital and data program in

                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Review
                            FY24 is investing in its digital front door to create a better patient experience for the private and self pay market.

                            Elysium Healthcare
                            In FY24 Elysium expects strong top line growth driven by improved occupancy levels, a high single digit increase in new bed
                            capacity coming online and tariff uplift mitigating the impact of the inflationary environment.
                            The performance of Elysium is expected to improve in FY24 from a stronger 4QFY23 performance (pre-impairment) driven by a

                                                                                                                                                                               Remuneration Report
                            reduction in vacancy rates resulting in lower labour costs combined with a focus on other costs, higher occupancy levels and
                            higher reimbursement rates. A failure to improve profitability would result in the deterioration of Elysium’s financial outlook in the
                            near-term and may adversely impact its valuation.


                                                                                                                                                                                   – Audited
                            Capital expenditure in FY24 is expected to be $104m (₤58.2m) focused on maintaining, upgrading and converting existing
                            facilities combined with selected investment in greenfield opportunities.




                                                                                                                                                                                   Directors’ Report




                                                                                                  Elysium Healthcare CEO Joy Chamberlain, Koestler Arts CEO Sally Taylor
                                                                                                  and Elysium Executive Medical Director Dr Quazi Haque at the 60th
                                                                                                  anniversary exhibition of the Koestler Awards, which recognise art created




                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Results
                                                                                                  by people living in secure settings including numerous people supported
                                                                                                  by Elysium.


                        Ramsay UK CEO Nick Costa opening Tees Valley hospital in June 2023.




                                                                                                                            Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023         39
                        3.2.3 Ramsay Santé
                        3.2.3.1 Results Summary
                         Year Ended June A$'m                                                                        2023               2022            Chg (%)
                         France
                         Revenue from patients and other revenue                                                   5,007.6           4,646.3                 7.8
                         Other income - net profit on disposal of non-current assets                                     6.2              13.7                 -
                         Income from government grants                                                                277.4             357.1             (22.3)
                         Total segment revenue and other income                                                    5,291.2           5,017.1                 5.5
                         EBITDAR                                                                                     862.9             927.4                (7.0)
                         Rent                                                                                        (111.6)           (101.0)            (10.5)
                         EBITDA                                                                                      751.3             826.4                (9.1)
                         Depreciation                                                                                (442.3)           (421.5)              (4.9)
                         Amortisation & impairment                                                                     (15.3)            (26.7)            42.7
                         EBIT                                                                                        293.7             378.2              (22.3)
                         Financing costs associated with leases (AASB16 Leases)                                      (105.5)           (101.0)              (4.5)
                         EBIT less financing costs associated with leases                                            188.2             277.2              (32.1)
                         Nordics




For personal use only
                         Revenue from patients and other revenue                                                   2,332.2           2,000.9                16.6
                         Income from government grants                                                                  12.8              44.9             (71.5)
                         Other income - net profit on disposal of non-current assets                                    50.7                1.5                 -
                         Total segment revenue and other income                                                    2,395.7           2,047.3                17.0
                         EBITDAR                                                                                     280.8             232.7                20.7
                         Rent                                                                                          (22.5)            (22.6)               0.4
                         EBITDA                                                                                      258.3             210.1                22.9
                         Depreciation                                                                                (149.8)           (133.4)             (12.3)
                         Amortisation & impairment                                                                     (21.1)              (4.7)         (348.9)
                         EBIT                                                                                          87.4              72.0               21.4
                         Financing costs associated with leases (AASB16 Leases)                                        (12.5)            (11.4)              (9.7)
                         EBIT less financing costs associated with leases                                              74.9              60.6               23.6
                         Total segment revenue and other income - Europe                                           7,686.9           7,064.4                  8.8
                         Total EBITDAR - Europe                                                                    1,143.7           1,160.1                 (1.4)
                         Total EBITDA - Europe                                                                     1,009.6           1,036.5                 (2.6)
                         Total EBIT - Europe                                                                         381.1              450.2              (15.3)
                         Total Capital Expenditure - Europe                                                          328.5              333.8                (1.6)

                        Ramsay Santé – Result in local currency

                         Year Ended June €'m                                                                         2023              2022             Chg (%)
                         Total Revenue and other income                                                            4,924.3           4,555.5                8.1
                         EBITDAR                                                                                     729.8             748.6               (2.5)
                         EBITDA                                                                                      643.6             669.3               (3.8)
                         EBIT                                                                                        240.2             291.7             (17.7)
                         Net interest                                                                               (150.5)           (105.6)            (42.5)
                         PBT                                                                                          89.6             186.1             (51.9)
                         Minority interests                                                                           (38.5)            (66.8)           (42.4)
                         NPAT after minority interests                                                                26.3              63.7             (58.7)


                        3.2.3.2 Review of Results

                        During FY23 Ramsay Santé continued to support public health systems in treating patients, with the level of COVID hospitalisations
                        lower than in the prior period. Payments received under the French Government's revenue guarantee structure combined with support
                        from governments in all its regions to cover the increased costs of the operating environment, including the impact of inflationary cost
                        pressures was $290.2m (€186.6m) compared to $401.9m (€258.9m) in the pcp. Payments declined as hospitals returned to more normal
                        activity patterns.
                        Total revenue increased 8.8% reflecting a 4.4% increase in patient admissions and 1.6m additional patient consultations in the Nordic
                        primary care centres combined with the contribution from acquisitions made in FY22, in particular GHP, of $314m (€202m) to revenue
                        ($268m higher than the pcp).




                        40   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        The Ramsay Santé EBIT result included a contribution from non-recurring items of A$43.1m compared to $24.1m in the pcp including profit
                        on the sale of assets of $56.9m ($55.3m net of a loss on sale)
                        The result reflects the impact of inflationary pressure on costs in particular labour costs over the last few years that have not been fully
                        reflected in annual tariffs, the impact of labour shortages on capacity utilisation, a change in the mix of activity and the decline in COVID
                        related activity such as testing. Staffing shortages improved over the 12 month period and are now limited to specific geographies and
                        skill sets.

                        France

                        Ramsay Santé's hospitals in France continued to operate under the French Government's revenue guarantee arrangements for the 12
                        month period with the structure of the arrangements modified and extended from the 1st January 2023 through to 31st December 2023.
                        Mental health services were excluded from the revenue guarantee over the period and are now reimbursed under a bundled structure.




                                                                                                                                                                             Year in Review
                        Revenue in France increased across all categories driven by a 3% increase in MSO (medical, surgical and obstetrics) admissions on the
                        pcp with day patients continuing to grow at a faster rate (6.6%) than inpatients (-0.5%). FCR (follow up and rehab care) admissions grew
                        11.4% over the pcp with inpatients increasing 5.4% and day patients increasing 11.8%. Mental health admissions increased 5.3% over the
                        pcp with inpatients increasing 4.1% and day patients increasing 5.5%.
                        Total revenue includes payments under the revenue guarantee of $137.5m (€88.7m) down 10.5% on the pcp and government funded cost
                        support of $140.3m (€89.7m) down 31.7% on the pcp. As of 1st March 2023, cost support transitioned back to the annual tariff structure
                        in place pre COVID. The annual MSO tariff for the year commencing 1st March 2023 is 5.4% and the FCR tariff is 1.9%. Ramsay Santé
                        believes the tariff does not adequately compensate the sector for the cumulative impact of inflation on costs through the COVID years




For personal use only
                        and the business continues to have an active dialogue with the Government on the potential for additional compensation.



                                                                                                                                                                             Our Business
                        Nordics

                        Revenue in the Nordics region increased 17.0% on the pcp and includes revenue from acquisitions made in FY22 including GHP of
                        $314m (€202m). The business received $12.4m (€8.2m) of government related cost support compared to $44.9m in the pcp reflected
                        in "Income from government grants". Activity levels in the Nordics region (ex COVID related activities in the pcp) continued to improve
                        with MSO admissions increasing 9.8% on the pcp driven by long waiting lists in most countries and higher volumes in allied and primary
                        health activities.
                        The integration of the GHP business is progressing according to plan and synergies have been realised as expected to date. The

                                                                                                                                                                          Operating and
                        business started to operate two new geriatric care contracts in Stockholm on 1st May 2023 representing an annual turnover of
                        approximately $71m (€50m), and Capio Saint Göran's Hospital opened a new maternity ward in Stockholm on 1st April 2023.


                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Review
                        The result includes net profit on disposal of assets of $50.7m including a profit of $46m (€31m) at the EBIT level ($19.3m after tax and
                        minority interests) from the sale of a property attached to a Ramsay Santé hospital in Norway.

                        3.2.3.3 Capital Expenditure

                        Total capital expenditure over the 12 month period was $328.6m (€211.6m) split between France A$274.1m (€176.3m) and the Nordics

                                                                                                                                                                         Remuneration Report
                        $54.9m (€35.3m). Capital expenditure was split between
                        • Greenfield and brownfield developments $73.5m


                                                                                                                                                                             – Audited
                        • Growth $28.4m
                        • Maintenance $197m
                        • Digital and data spend $29.7m
                        Projects this year included:
                        • On 1st March 2023, the Ange Gardien mental health clinic re-opened its doors following an extensive redevelopment of the facility and
                          merger with the neighbouring Perreuse clinic into a single expanded modern site. The 232 beds and 15 day places will significantly




                                                                                                                                                                             Directors’ Report
                          enhance the mental health services proposed to the greater eastern Ile-de-France region
                        • Two primary care centres opened their doors in late 2022 in France and the Haussmann medical centre in central Paris was opened in
                          January 2023
                        The brownfield and growth capex has been netted off to an extent by new finance leases of $66m and asset disposals $6m.
                        Digital and data opex during the year totalled $21.5m and included further development of the digital front door for patients in both the
                        Nordics and France.




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Results




                                                                                                                          Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023     41
                        3.2.3.4 Outlook

                                       In the medium term Ramsay Santé's strategy will focus on building on its aim to be an integrated digi-physical
                                       healthcare operator in Europe :
                                       • Work with local stakeholders and authorities in each region to drive improvements and innovation in the provision of
                                         health services to the population;
                             • Continue to pursue the strategy of moving further along the patient pathway through investment in adjacent services. This will
                               include entering new patient segments including primary care in France and Denmark and PHI in the Nordics region;
                             • Continued investment in digital customer interface to become the preferred primary entry point into an integrated healthcare
                               system and grow demand for new services;
                             • Extract the synergies from recent acquisitions and selectively pursue growth opportunities in imaging, mental health, primary
                               care and speciality care;
                             • Focus on ensuring the high quality of services to drive growth in demand for services and increase share of quality
                               based funding
                             • Continue to optimise its hospital and clinic network in France; and
                             • Improve the the efficiency of its back office systems to support the growth of the business.
                             FY24 Outlook
                             Ramsay Santé is currently forecasting top line volume growth of low single digit in France and better in the Nordics supported by




For personal use only
                             the acquisitions made over the last years.
                             Inflationary cost pressures and staff shortage difficulties will continue to place pressure on margins in FY24.
                             Reflecting rising base rates over the course of FY23 and higher average drawn debt, net interest expense (inclusive of AASB 16
                             lease interest) is expected to be materially higher than in FY23.
                             Ramsay Sante's FY23 result had the benefit of non-recurring items that contributed ~$23.5m after tax and minority interests to the
                             Ramsay FY23 result, this not expected to be repeated in FY24.
                             Capital expenditure for the FY24 year is expected to be around the same level as FY23.




                        Ramsay Santé CEO Pascal Roche (centre) with Ramsay's Managing Director and Global CEO Craig
                        McNally (left), Capio Sweden CEO Britta Wallgren (right) and Ramsay Sime Darby CEO Peter Hong
                        (back left) visiting a primary care clinic in Gothenburg, Sweden.




                        42    Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        4 Remuneration Report – Audited


                        Letter to Shareholders


                                                                                                                                                                            Year in Review




For personal use only
                        Dear Shareholders


                                                                                                                                                                            Our Business
                        On behalf of the Board of Ramsay Health Care (Ramsay or the Group), I am pleased to present our FY23 Remuneration Report (Report).
                        As always, we have sought to ensure that Ramsay’s remuneration framework and outcomes align with our strategic objectives and
                        support The Ramsay Way values (People caring for people), while remaining consistent with our remuneration principles of:
                        • attracting, retaining and motivating the best global talent;
                        • fairly rewarding performance;
                        • transparency and simplicity; and
                        • promoting sustainable, long-term value for shareholders and other stakeholders.
                                                                                                                                                                         Operating and

                        Ramsay Performance Outcomes in FY23
                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Review
                        FY23 was another demanding period for healthcare globally. There was a gradual, albeit inconsistent, recovery in the business
                        environment with improved patterns of activity in surgical and non-surgical activity in all regions. At the same time, the industry also
                        experienced ongoing staffing shortages and inflationary pressures, particularly in labour costs.
                        Against this industry background, Ramsay did not meet its financial expectations in FY23 although the team did make significant progress
                        on many non-financial objectives.

                                                                                                                                                                        Remuneration Report
                        Financial objectives (not met):
                        FY23 financials demonstrated gradual recovery from COVID-19 impacted years with revenue, EBIT and NPAT up by 11.6%, 14.6% and 8.8%

                                                                                                                                                                            – Audited
                        respectively compared to FY22. To mitigate staff shortages and inflationary pressures, a range of programs were launched to drive top
                        line growth, improve operational excellence and productivity and, where appropriate, re-engineer business processes with the support
                        of digital technology. As a result, the Group achieved its revenue and operating cashflow targets but did not achieve its NPAT target. As
                        such, the Board determined that the financial objectives of the FY23 STI scorecard were not met.

                        Strategy objectives (partially met):
                        During 2023, we recalibrated our strategy to reflect changes in the environment, and to drive business performance in the short term,




                                                                                                                                                                            Directors’ Report
                        while ensuring we are well-positioned to take advantage of the long-term growth in the healthcare sector. Significant progress was made
                        in advancing our Ramsay 2030 strategic priorities. Not all milestones were met, however there was significant progress and several
                        notable highlights which include:
                        • Accelerating our operational transformation through our digital and data program, including:
                          – the launch of an online patient hub that connects our doctors, patients and facilities to streamline the hospital pre-admission process;
                          – a predictive insights project to improve our capability in data analytics - focusing initially on better clinical coding and theatre
                            utilisation); and
                          – numerous automations to reduce administrative burden on our care teams and improve productivity.
                        • Disciplined investment in brownfield and greenfield opportunities. Our 2030 strategy aims to evolve Ramsay's world class network



                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Results
                          through a program of hospital and out-of-hospital developments. In Australia, investment continued in 2023 but was moderated to
                          reflect higher development costs and disruption in the building industry, combined with post-Covid changes in healthcare demand.
                          Going forward, the emphasis of investment in the Australian business will shift towards digital and data capabilities to improve
                          performance and efficiency of our existing hospital and out-of-hospital network.
                        • Good progress in achieving our ESG targets. Greenhouse gas emission target of 4.2% reduction from prior year was achieved.




                                                                                                                           Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023   43
                        People objectives (partially met)
                        Ramsay responded to ongoing workforce shortages with a program of initiatives that has seen improvements in vacancy rates, turnover
                        rates and time-to-fill. Investment in new training programs and professional development for clinical and operational employees is building
                        internal capability, our graduate intake continues to grow, and this year we launched new leadership academies in Australia, Europe and
                        the UK. Despite these initiatives, employee engagement objectives were met in some but not all geographies, and therefore overall, the
                        People Objectives were determined to be partially met.

                        Customer metrics (fully met)
                        Notwithstanding the demanding environment in terms of labour shortages, inflationary pressure and significant strategic change,
                        importantly our people continued to deliver for our customers, with NPS objectives being met in all geographies.

                        Quality metrics (fully met)
                        Similarly, in all geographies Ramsay continued to deliver on the quality objectives which define the quality of care expected by our
                        patients and are fundamental to the long-term success of Ramsay.

                        Linking remuneration outcomes with Group performance
                        Applying our remuneration principles and frameworks to Ramsay’s performance outcomes for FY23 resulted in the following
                        remuneration outcomes for FY23:
                        • No changes were made to the executive remuneration framework for FY23.
                        • In light of the Group's performance over FY23 (as outlined above), the FY23 STI vested at 30% of maximum (37.5% of target) for the MD




For personal use only
                          & CEO and 31.25% of maximum (37.5% of target) for the Group Chief Financial Officer (Group CFO).
                        • The FY21 long-term incentive (LTI) did not vest. This was the result of not achieving threshold targets for relative TSR, and not meeting
                          the ROIC gateway over the LTI performance period.
                        • No increases were made to fixed annual remuneration (FAR) for Executive Key Management Personnel (KMP) for FY23 and there are no
                          planned changes to FAR for KMP in FY24.
                        • No increases were made to director base fees during FY23 and there are no planned changes to director fees for FY24.
                        Refer to section 4.3 for further detail on FY23 remuneration outcomes.
                        We look forward to feedback from shareholders on this FY23 Remuneration Report.




                        ALISON DEANS
                        Chair, People and Remuneration Committee




                        44   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        Remuneration Report Contents
                         45    4.1 Key Management Personnel (KMP)

                         46    4.2 Executive Remuneration Framework

                         52    4.3 FY23 Performance and Remuneration Outcomes

                         58    4.4 Non-Executive Director Remuneration

                         61    4.5 Remuneration Governance




                                                                                                                                                                               Year in Review
                         63    4.6 Further information




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                               Our Business
                        4.1 Key Management Personnel (KMP)
                        This Report for the year ended 30 June 2023 has been prepared in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and
                        the Australian Accounting Standards.
                        The Report discloses the FY23 remuneration arrangements and outcomes for the people listed below, who are the individuals within
                        the Group who have been determined to be key management personnel (KMP) in the financial year to 30 June 2023. KMP are those
                        people who have the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the Group’s activities, either directly or indirectly.
                        No changes were made to KMP for FY23.

                                                                                                                                                                            Operating and
                         Name                                            Position                                          Term

                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Review
                         Executive KMP
                         Mr Craig McNally                                MD & CEO                                          Full year
                         Mr Martyn Roberts                               Group CFO                                         Full year
                         Non-Executive Directors
                         Mr Michael Siddle                               Chairman                                          Full year
                         Ms Alison Deans                                 Non-Executive Director                            Full year


                                                                                                                                                                           Remuneration Report
                         Mr James McMurdo                                Non-Executive Director                            Full year
                         Ms Karen Penrose                                Non-Executive Director                            Full year
                         Dr Claudia Süssmuth Dyckerhoff                  Non-Executive Director                            Full year

                                                                                                                                                                               – Audited
                         Mr David Thodey                                 Non-Executive Director                            Full year
                         Mr Steven Sargent                               Non-Executive Director                            Full year




                                                                                                                                                                               Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Results




                                                                                                                           Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023      45
                        4.2 Executive Remuneration Framework
                        4.2.1 Alignment of Ramsay’s strategy & remuneration framework
                        Ramsay's executive remuneration framework is designed to attract, motivate and retain a highly qualified and experienced group of
                        executives. It is intentionally structured to align our executives to the creation of long-term shareholder value by successfully executing
                        our strategy and delivering on quality consumer outcomes, in accordance with The Ramsay Way.




For personal use only




                        46   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        4.2.2 Remuneration mix: the composition of our pay
                        The proportions of reward for current Executive KMP (i.e. the MD & CEO and Group CFO) that are delivered by each of the
                        framework elements when “target” and “maximum” performance is achieved is set out below. The remuneration mix is weighted
                        towards at-risk, performance-based remuneration to ensure a focus on both short-term and long-term performance, and alignment with
                        shareholder interests.




                                                      27%                                25%                                   42%                              40%



                                        CEO                                 CEO                                  CFO                    36%
                                                                                                                                                    CFO
                           46%                                 44%                                 37%




                                                                                                                                                                               Year in Review
                                      (at target)                       (at maximum)                           (at target)                       (at maximum)



                                                    27%                                31%
                                                                                                               21%                                  24%

                                                                                    FAR        STI       LTI




For personal use only
                        4.2.3 Fixed Annual Remuneration (FAR) overview

                                                                                                                                                                               Our Business
                        FAR is set taking into account market benchmarks referenced to ASX-listed companies with similar market capitalisation, revenue and
                        international operations. As a global organisation and recognising that there are no direct Australian listed competitors, consideration is
                        also given to international healthcare organisations and other private healthcare operators in Australia.
                        To remain market competitive, FAR is reviewed annually against appropriate market benchmarks considering individual performance for
                        the year and the executive’s expertise brought to the role (see section 4.3.1 for FY23 FAR levels for Executive KMP).


                        4.2.4 FY23 Short-Term Incentives (STI)
                                                                                                                                                                            Operating and
                        The Group’s STI plan is designed such that a proportion of Executives’ remuneration is at-risk – to be delivered based on the achievement
                        of performance measures linked to annual business objectives aligned to the delivery of strategy.

                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Review
                        The table below outlines the key terms and conditions applying to the STI arrangements for the Executive KMP during FY23. Refer to
                        section 4.3.2 for detail in respect of FY23 STI outcomes.

                         Component            Detail
                         Opportunity          Executives                                 Target Opportunity (% of FAR)       Maximum Opportunity (% of FAR)
                         levels               MD & CEO                                             100                                    125

                                                                                                                                                                           Remuneration Report
                                              Group CFO                                             50                                     60
                         Performance          STI awards are assessed over the 12-month financial year. Any STI award payments are made after performance is
                         period               tested at the end of the performance period.


                                                                                                                                                                               – Audited
                         How STI              As shown in the diagram below, performance outcomes for all Executive KMP are determined based on both
                         awards are           Group and individual performance, using a scorecard, and moderated by performance aligned with “The Ramsay
                         assessed             Way” (see below for further detail on the STI scorecard measures and the performance modifier respectively).
                                              The Board, in conjunction with the People & Remuneration Committee may exercise judgement and apply
                                              discretion as is required to ensure that STI outcomes appropriately reflect the performance of the individual
                                              and the Group, as well as aligning to the expectations of Ramsay’s stakeholders. The minimum STI opportunity is
                                              0% of FAR.




                                                                                                                                                                               Directors’ Report
                                                                                                   Unadjusted                 Ramsay Way            Performance
                                                          STI Opportunity
                                                                                                    Outcome                     Modifier              Outcome
                                                                        STI Target                                            The Ramsay
                                                  FAR                                            Scorecard Result                                   Value of STI
                                                               x       Opportunity         x                           x          Way          =
                                                   ($)                                                  (%)                                           Award ($)
                                                                            (%)                                                    (%)




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Results




                                                                                                                             Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023    47
                         Component           Detail

                         Performance         The STI scorecard measures are aligned to five key strategic priorities – each one fundamental to delivering on
                         measures            the Group’s strategy.
                         (i.e. STI
                         scorecard)          These measures were chosen as all of these priorities are all measurable on an annual cycle and are fundamental
                                             to the delivery of our long-term strategy as they measure the financial outcomes and strategic foundations
                                             delivered during the year whilst also ensuring we are continually improving our culture, consumer engagement
                                             and high standards of quality.
                                             A copy of the MD & CEO’s scorecard for FY23 can be found in section 4.3.2.b of this report. For other executives,
                                             the scorecard cascades from the MD & CEO.
                                             For non-financial metrics, quantitative metrics are used wherever possible and complemented with qualitative
                                             metrics, assessed in performance appraisals undertaken by the People & Remuneration Committee and the
                                             Board, drawing on multiple sources of feedback.
                                                                                                                     Operational          Non-Operational
                                                                                                                     Executive (i.e. MD   Executive (i.e.
                                                            Rationale                                                & CEO)               Group CFO)
                                                            Financial results are critical to delivering for our
                                                            key stakeholders including patients, staff and
                                                            shareholders, as well as positioning Ramsay to
                                             Financial      deliver long-term value.                                         50%                 40%

                                                            Financial results are measured against targets set at




For personal use only
                                                            the beginning of the year.
                                                            Delivery of annual strategic objectives that are key to
                                             Strategic                                                                    15%                     20%
                                                            delivering the long-term strategy.
                                                            Our people are our most important asset and our
                                             People         culture, The Ramsay Way is fundamental to our                 15%                     20%
                                                            ongoing success.
                                                            Listening and responding to the needs of our
                                                            patients allows us to continually evaluate and
                                             Consumer                                                                     10%                     10%
                                                            improve on all aspects of our performance ensuring
                                                            ongoing competitive advantage.
                                                            Delivering superior clinical outcomes is critical to our
                                             Quality        ongoing success, so we focus on maintaining the               10%                     10%
                                                            highest stands of clinical quality and safety.
                         ‘The Ramsay         The Ramsay Way 'People Caring for People' is the Group’s cultural backbone which assists in guiding decision
                         Way’                making that is both people and outcome focused, while also balancing risk behaviours in both a financial and
                         Performance         non-financial sense.
                         Modifier
                                             The Ramsay Way performance modifier allows for adjustments to outcomes for each individual, based on their
                                             demonstration of The Ramsay Way values and behaviours.
                                             The application of this modifier can only reduce the quantum of awards, with the modifier being a multiplier
                                             between 0–100%.
                         Delivery            After performance is assessed, the STI award is delivered 50% in cash and 50% in deferred equity in the form of
                                             restricted shares.
                                             • For the MD & CEO, restricted shares are granted and deferred for 3 years (subject to continued employment at
                                               the relevant vesting date).
                                             • For other Executive KMP, the deferral period is 2 years with 50% of the deferred equity being released after the
                                               first year and the second 50% released at the end of the subsequent year (subject to continued employment at
                                               the vesting date).
                                             Restricted shares are allocated on a face value basis by dividing the deferred STI amount by the 5-day volume
                                             weighted average price (VWAP) of Group shares to the STI payment date (rounded to the nearest whole number
                                             of shares).

                                                                                                                               Allocation of
                                                             Deferred STI Amount                   Share Price
                                                                                                                                Restricted
                                                                      ($)                              ($)
                                                                                                                                  Shares
                                                                                               Face value allocation         (Rounded to the
                                                              (50% of STI Award)        /    using 5 Day VWAP to STI     =    nearest whole
                                                                                                  payment date                   number)




                        48   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        4.2.5 FY23 Long Term Incentives (LTI) – granted
                        a) Overview
                        The LTI plan is designed to reward sustainable long-term performance and align executives to shareholder outcomes, while supporting
                        Ramsay to attract and retain the best talent globally.

                        b) Key terms
                        The table below outlines the key terms attaching to the LTI awards granted to Executive KMP during FY23.

                         Component          Detail


                                                                                                                                                                          Year in Review
                         Opportunity        LTI opportunities have been set based on the ability of the executive to influence sustainable long-term
                         levels             value creation.
                                                                          Maximum LTI                                Maximum LTI
                                            Executive KMP            Opportunity (% of FAR)                         Opportunity ($)
                                            C.R. McNally                   175% of FAR                                 3,650,325
                                            M.J. Roberts                    90% of FAR                                 1,080,000
                         Instrument         The Group’s LTI awards are delivered in performance rights.




For personal use only
                                            Performance rights are granted for no consideration as they form part of the remuneration package for Executive
                                            KMP. Each performance right is an entitlement to receive a fully paid ordinary share in Ramsay Health Care Limited


                                                                                                                                                                          Our Business
                                            at no cost (or an equivalent cash payment at the discretion of the Board).
                         Allocation         Performance rights are granted using a face value methodology.
                         methodology
                                            Each individual’s dollar value LTI opportunity (as a percentage of FAR) is divided by the five-day VWAP up
                                            to and including the first trading day of the performance period.

                                                                                                                                                Allocation of
                                                                                                                   Share Price
                                                                                                                                                Performance
                                              Executive FAR                                                            ($)
                                                                             LTI Opportunity                                                       Rights
                                                 Amount
                                                                   x               (%)             /        Face value allocation using   =   (Rounded to the
                                                   ($)

                                                                                                                                                                       Operating and
                                                                                                            5 Day VWAP to first day of         nearest whole
                                                                                                               performance period                 number)


                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Review
                         Performance        3 years (i.e. 1 July 2022 – 30 June 2025) for the FY23 grant.
                         Period
                         Calculation of     Overview
                         Awards
                                            FY23 LTI awards are subject to two performance conditions:
                                            • Relative Total Shareholder Return 'Relative TSR' (50%) against the S&P / ASX100 index (excluding real estate,
                                              finance and resources industries, as they have different drivers of operating performance); and

                                                                                                                                                                      Remuneration Report
                                            • Compounded Annual Growth Rate in Earnings per Share 'CAGR in EPS' (50%) subject to the achievement of
                                              the ROIC gateway noted below.
                                            Relative TSR (50%)

                                                                                                                                                                          – Audited
                                            A relative TSR performance condition is used, as the Board is of the view that use of a TSR hurdle provides a strong
                                            link between executive remuneration and shareholder return, relative to Ramsay’s ASX peers.
                                            The Board also considers that it is appropriate to use a broader index-based comparator group (as outlined above)
                                            rather than a sector specific peer group as there are too few Australian healthcare companies of a similar size and
                                            scope of operations to Ramsay for benchmarking purposes.
                                            The following table sets out the vesting schedule in respect of the relative TSR performance metric.



                                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report
                                            Group’s relative TSR       Vesting
                                            Below
                                                                       Nil
                                            50th Percentile
                                            50th Percentile            50% vesting
                                            50th and
                                                                       Vesting on a straight-line basis between 50% and 100% vesting
                                            75th Percentile
                                            Above
                                                                       100% vesting
                                            75th Percentile
                                            CAGR EPS (50%)



                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Results
                                            EPS has been chosen as it is linked to long-term growth targets and provides evidence of Ramsay’s
                                            growth in profitability and is linked to shareholder returns. The measurement of EPS will be based on a
                                            3-year growth range against threshold and stretch performance hurdles.
                                            Subject to the achievement of the ROIC gateway noted below, the following table sets out the vesting
                                            schedule in respect of the EPS performance metric.




                                                                                                                         Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023   49
                         Component         Detail
                                           CAGR EPS                  Vesting
                                           Less than 3%              Nil
                                           3% (threshold)            30% vesting
                                           Between 3% and 9%         Vesting on a straight-line basis between 30% and 100% vesting
                                           9% (stretch)              100% vesting

                         ROIC gateway      As noted above, the EPS component of FY23 LTI awards will be subject to a Return on Invested Capital 'ROIC'
                                           gateway, reflecting the capital intensive nature of the Group’s business. That is, both the EPS hurdle and ROIC
                                           gateway will need to be met in order for any vesting to occur.
                                           The ROIC outcome for the Group over the 3-year performance period is tested relative to the weighted average
                                           cost of capital (WACC) for the Group over the 3-year performance period. The actual ROIC outcomes will need to
                                           be above WACC for vesting to occur. The Board will consider the impact of acquisitions (which are made in line with
                                           a Board approved acquisition plan) in the assessment of ROIC, including exclusion of capital spent and the returns
                                           from that acquisition for the period of the approved build and ramp-up, to ensure that participants are not penalized
                                           for undertaking an investment which is expected to deliver long-term profitable growth.
                                           The Board assesses achievement of the performance conditions having regard to external data and the Company’s
                                           audited financial statements.
                         Board             The Board, in conjunction with the People & Remuneration Committee, may exercise judgement and apply its
                         discretion and    overarching discretion as is required to ensure that LTI outcomes appropriately reflect the performance of the
                         adjustment        individual and the Group, as well as aligning to the expectations of Ramsay’s stakeholders.




For personal use only
                         principles
                                           In particular, the Board has discretion to make adjustments to the EPS outcomes used for the purposes of the FY23
                                           LTI award and, as noted above under “ROIC Gateway”, the Board will consider the impact of acquisitions (which are
                                           made in line with a Board approved acquisition plan) in the assessment of the ROIC gateway.
                                           To ensure any adjustments are consistently applied, five guiding principles will be applied as follows:
                                           • Plan integrity and management accountability - adjustments will be made to align with the purpose of the plan
                                             and reflect management accountability for past decisions;
                                           • Nature and timing of adjustments - adjustments, both positive and negative, will only be made at the time
                                             of vesting;
                                           • Transparency - the Group will provide a clear rationale and disclosure, for any adjustments made, especially in
                                             case where performance has not been achieved;
                                           • Material or significant events - adjustments will only be made for events or items over the vesting period that
                                             have a material impact positively or negatively on the performance outcome, and consequently reward outcome;
                                           • Balance of interests - adjustments will be balanced to ensure outcomes are not unfairly biased towards either
                                             shareholders or management.
                                           The Board will provide clear and transparent disclosure in respect of any exercise of Board discretion or
                                           adjustments to EPS in the relevant Remuneration Report.




                        50   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        4.2.6 Other terms
                        The following components apply to both the STI and LTI.

                         Component                 Detail
                         Board discretion          As noted above, the Board, in conjunction with the People & Remuneration Committee, may exercise
                                                   judgement and apply discretion as is required to ensure that incentive outcomes appropriately
                                                   reflect the performance of the individual and the Group, as well as aligning to the expectations of
                                                   Ramsay’s stakeholders.

                         Treatment                 The Board retains absolute discretion in determining STI payments for a leaving executive. However, if an
                         on cessation              executive ceases employment with Ramsay before key performance indicator (KPI) targets are achieved,
                         of employment             then they will generally not be entitled to receive any STI. However, if cessation of employment is due to
                                                   retirement, illness, disability or death or is a Group-initiated termination other than for cause, the Executive


                                                                                                                                                                               Year in Review
                                                   may receive a pro-rata STI payment for the portion of the performance period they were employed.
                                                   Restricted shares granted as the deferred equity component of any STI payment will lapse if employment is
                                                   terminated for cause or if the Executive resigns (or gives notice of resignation) prior to the relevant vesting
                                                   date. If the Executive ceases employment for any other reason, the Restricted Shares will remain on foot and
                                                   vest in the ordinary course.
                                                   LTI performance rights will lapse if employment is terminated for cause or if the Executive resigns (or gives
                                                   notice of resignation) prior to the relevant vesting date. If cessation of employment is due to any other reason




For personal use only
                                                   including retirement, illness, disability or death or is a Group-initiated termination other than for cause a pro
                                                   rata portion will remain on foot and be tested in the ordinary cause of business.



                                                                                                                                                                               Our Business
                                                   In all cases, the Board has discretion to determine a different treatment on cessation of employment.
                         Malus and clawback        The Board may take action to reduce, recoup or otherwise adjust “at-risk” remuneration including in-year
                                                   incentives, unvested incentives and previously awarded incentives (cash or equity) where, in the opinion of
                                                   the Board:
                                                   • the employee has acted fraudulently or dishonestly, engaged in gross misconduct and/or breached his
                                                     or her duties or obligations to the Group (including acting in breach of the terms and conditions of their
                                                     employment and/or Ramsay’s Code of Conduct for Employees);
                                                   • has engaged in an act which has brought the Group into disrepute or has acted or failed to act in a way that
                                                     has contributed to, or is likely to contribute to, material reputational damage to the Group;

                                                                                                                                                                            Operating and
                                                   • is convicted of an offence or has a judgement entered against them in connection with the affairs of
                                                     the Group;
                                                   • “at-risk” remuneration vests as a result of a financial misstatement circumstance or the fraud, dishonesty,

                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Review
                                                     negligence or breach of duties or obligations of any other person and, in the opinion of the Board, the
                                                     remuneration would not have otherwise vested;
                                                   • adverse outcomes have arisen after vesting of “at-risk” remuneration (including during the deferral period)
                                                     that cause a re-evaluation of the original assessment of performance generating the award; and/or
                                                   • any other circumstances exist or have occurred which the Board determines in good faith to have resulted
                                                     in the employee receiving an unfair benefit.


                                                                                                                                                                           Remuneration Report
                                                   The ability of the Board to apply the policy is broad and includes (but is not limited to) lapsing or requiring
                                                   repayment of awards, and for unvested equity re-setting performance conditions or amending the terms on
                                                   which they are disposed.



                                                                                                                                                                               – Audited
                        4.2.7 Minimum shareholding requirements
                        Ramsay maintains a minimum shareholding policy (Policy) for Executive KMP and NEDs. This Policy is intended to support alignment
                        between KMP and the Group’s shareholders and requires all Executive KMP and NEDs to obtain and hold Ramsay shares in line with the
                        detail below:




                                                                                                                                                                               Directors’ Report
                         Position                                   Minimum Shareholder Requirement             Timeframe to Acquire
                         MD & CEO                                   200% of FAR                                 Five years from time of appointment (or
                         Other Executive KMP                        100% of FAR                                 implementation of policy for individuals in role at
                         Non-Executive Directors                    100% of base annual fees                    1 July 2019).




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Results




                                                                                                                           Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023      51
                        4.3 FY23 Performance and Remuneration Outcomes
                        This section provides a summary of Ramsay’s performance in FY23, and the actual remuneration outcomes that this delivered for
                        our executives.


                        4.3.1 FAR levels
                        For FY23, there were no adjustments to fixed remuneration for Executive KMP. The table below sets out FAR level for Executive KMP
                        for FY23.

                         Executive KMP                                                                                             FAR (FY22)      FAR (FY23)
                         C.R. McNally1                                                                                             $2,085,900      $2,085,900
                         M.J. Roberts2                                                                                             $1,200,000      $1,200,000

                        1. The balance of FAR presented for C.R. McNally is disclosed exclusive of superannuation and non-monetary benefits, such as private
                           health insurance cover and other fringe benefits.
                        2. The balance of FAR presented for M.J. Roberts is presented inclusive of superannuation and non-monetary benefits.


                        4.3.2 Actual STI outcomes




For personal use only
                        4.3.2.a Overview
                        Actual STI outcomes delivered to Executive KMP in FY23 are set out in the table below. An overview of performance against the FY23
                        scorecard for MD & CEO (including key financial measures) is outlined in section 4.3.2.b below.

                         Executive                                                                                                                   % of
                         KMP                                                   Maximum                               % of target     % of            maximum
                                          Target STI       Target STI          STI               Maximum STI         FY23 STI        maximum         FY23 STI
                                          opportunity      opportunity (%      opportunity       opportunity (%      target          FY23 STI        award
                                          ($)              of FAR)             ($)               of FAR)             awarded         awarded         forfeited
                         C.R. McNally     $2,085,900       100% of FAR         $2,607,375        125% of FAR         37.5%           30%             70%
                         M.J. Roberts     $600,000         50% of FAR          $720,000          60% of FAR          37.5%           31.25%          68.75%


                        4.3.2.b Performance against FY23 STI scorecard
                        The table on the following page provides an overview of performance achieved against the MD & CEO’s FY23 STI scorecard.
                        FY23 financial outcomes demonstrated gradual recovery from Covid-19 impacted years with revenue, EBIT and NPAT up by 11.6%, 14.6%
                        and 8.8% respectively compared to FY22. The Group’s results benefitted from growth in surgical activity across all regions during the
                        period, and a gradual recovery of non-surgical admissions. Despite a topline growth in line with targets, the rate of recovery in earnings
                        across the Group was slowed by staffing shortages and inflationary cost pressures, particularly in labor costs.
                        The Group achieved its revenue and operating cashflow targets but did not achieve its NPAT targets. As such, the Board determined that
                        the outcome of the financial measures under the FY23 STI scorecard was not achieved. Ramsay performed strongly against the quality
                        and consumer metrics under the STI scorecard which attests to the consistent high quality of care we extend to our patients despite a
                        challenging operating environment.




                        52   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        Measure                                 Weight Achievement     Commentary on performance
                        Financial
                        • NPAT adjusted on case-by-case         50%                    • Revenue and operating cash flow targets were met, but NPAT
                          basis to ensure accountability                                 target was not achieved. As a result, the Board determined the
                        • Revenue                                                        outcome under the financial measure component was not met.
                        • Operating cashflow
                        Strategic
                        • Strategy development                  15%                    • Strategic milestones on Ramsay2030 were partially achieved
                          and implementation                                             – Strong progress on Digital and Data Strategy implementation.
                          Growth investment                                              – Progress on out-of-hospital-strategy with Ramsay Psychology
                        • Greenhouse gas emission                                           Clinics across four states in Australia, expansion into
                          reduction of 4.2% from prior year.                                diagnostics and imaging service lines in the UK, and
                                                                                            establishment of Primary Care Clinics in France.
                                                                                       • Planned expenditure for growth investment was not achieved
                                                                                         during the year with full year CAPEX spend of $771.5 million.


                                                                                                                                                                        Year in Review
                                                                                         – $379.9 million of capacity expansion projects, brownfields and
                                                                                            growth projects were completed in 2023. This was lower than
                                                                                            planned due to higher building costs and industry challenges.
                                                                                         – $108.1 million of Digital and Data spend ($83.7 million was
                                                                                            expensed) to improve clinical outcomes, support topline
                                                                                            growth, boost productivity and deliver a best-in-class integrated
                                                                                            patient care.
                                                                                       • Greenhouse gas emission targets were achieved.
                        People




For personal use only
                        • Workforce initiatives implemented     15%                    • Four pulse surveys conducted with two regions improving
                          and tracked through a reduction in                             engagement and two regions outcomes slightly lower than the



                                                                                                                                                                        Our Business
                          turnover and time to fill vacancies                            prior survey
                        • Workplace fatalities = 0                                     • Turnover and time-to-fill vacancies were reduced across all
                        • Workplace safety as measured                                   regions through implementation of workforce initiatives such as
                          by top quartile long time injury                               work on adapting models of care, and new recruitment and
                          frequency rate (LTIFR)                                         retention strategies (including international and local recruitment
                                                                                         campaigns across Canada, ANZ and the UK).
                        • Gender diversity in
                          senior management                                            • No workplace fatalities.
                        • Employee engagement and culture                              • Workplace Safety measures LTIFR achieved.
                                                                                       • Senior Management composed of 53% males and 47% females,
                                                                                         which exceeds Ramsay's gender composition target.
                        Consumer
                        • Net Promotor Score (NPS)              10%                    • The Group met target NPS for all regions in FY23 with                       Operating and
                                                                                         no regression.

                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Review
                        Quality
                        • Hospital accreditation                10%                    • 100% accreditation across all regions.
                        • Infection rates                                              • All regions achieved KPIs on infection control for hospital
                        • Unplanned readmissions                                         acquired staphylococcus aureus bacteraemia (per 10,000 bed
                                                                                         days), rate of unplanned readmissions within 28 days (per
                        • Unplanned return to theatre                                    separation) and rate of unplanned return to theatre (per
                        • Never events                                                   procedure) and never events with definitional changes in France
                                                                                         & Nordics.

                                                                                                                                                                    Remuneration Report
                                             Application of “The Ramsay Way” performance modifier (0 – 100%) – no adjustments applied
                                                       Final FY23 CEO / MD STI outcome – 30% of maximum (37.5% of target)


                                Met            Partially met          Not met                                                                                           – Audited




                                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Results




                                                                                                                  Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023        53
                        4.3.3 LTI outcomes
                        FY21 LTI
                        Overview
                        The FY21 grant for the MD & CEO (with a performance period from 1 July 2020 to 30 June 2023) was tested at the end of FY23. This
                        award was tested against relative TSR against the S&P / ASX100 (excluding real estate, finance and resources) (50%) and CAGR in EPS
                        (50%) (with the EPS component subject to a ROIC gateway).
                        As detailed below, there was no vesting of the FY21 long term incentives.
                        Refer to the FY21 Remuneration Report for full detail of the terms attaching to the FY21 LTI awards, which can be accessed on the Group’s
                        website at <https://www.ramsayhealth.com/Investors/Annual-and-Financial-Reports>.

                          Performance                                                                                                                               Vesting outcomes under
                          measure                    Weighting         Actual level of performance                                                                  FY21 LTI
                                                                                                                                                                    0% of relative
                          Relative TSR               50%               17.02 percentile
                                                                                                                                                                    TSR component
                                                                       ROIC gateway - not achieved                                                                  0% of aggregate
                          Aggregate EPS              50%




For personal use only
                                                                       CAGR EPS - not applicable as ROIC gateway not met                                            EPS component
                                                                                                                                                                    0% overall vesting


                        Relative TSR performance condition
                        The vesting schedule in respect of the relative TSR component of the FY21 LTI performance rights is set out below. Relative TSR
                        performance is assessed against the S&P/ASX100 index (excluding companies in real estate, financial and resources industries). The
                        Group achieved a relative TSR ranking of 17.02 percentile, resulting into nil vesting of this portion of the award.

                          Level of performance                                                                      Vesting outcomes
                          Below 50th percentile                                                                     Nil

                          50th percentile                                                                           50% vesting
                          50th and 75th percentile                                                                  Vesting on a straight-line basis between 50% and 100% vesting
                          Above 75th percentile                                                                     100% percentile vesting
                          Actual relative TSR achieved: 17.02 percentile                                            Level of vesting: 0%


                        The 3-year relative TSR performance over the last five years is detailed below:

                        TSR Percentile Ranking1
                         60%




                         40%




                         20%




                          0%
                                                FY19                              FY20                              FY21                             FY22                      FY23


                        1 TSR percentile ranking is calculated with reference to the S&P/ ASX100 index excluding companies in real estate, finance and resources.



                        EPS performance condition (with ROIC gateway)
                        The EPS component of the FY21 LTI is subject to a ROIC gateway. That is, the ROIC outcome for the Group over the 3-year performance
                        period must be higher than Ramsay's WACC for vesting to occur. The Group achieved a ROIC outcome less than the WACC over the
                        3-year performance period, resulting in the gateway not being achieved and therefore this performance condition not being met.
                        The measurement of EPS under the FY21 LTI was based on a 3-year CAGR against threshold and stretch performance hurdles to align
                        closely with market practice.




                        54     Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                                             Level of performance                                                         Vesting outcomes
                                                 Less than 3%                                                                     0%
                                                 3% (threshold)                                                              30% vesting
                                              Between 3% and 9%                                    Vesting on a straightline basis between 30% and 100% vesting
                                                  9% (stretch)                                                         100% percentile vesting
                            Actual CAGR EPS: not applicable as ROIC gateway not met                                      Level of vesting: 0%


                        One-off awards
                        In joining Ramsay, the Group CFO Martyn Roberts forfeited significant unvested equity from his prior role. In recognition of this, the Group
                        CFO was provided with performance rights in FY20 equivalent to $1M that vested subject to meeting individual performance requirements
                        and service conditions over the 3 years from his employment anniversary. The vesting of the performance rights was weighted to the



                                                                                                                                                                            Year in Review
                        longer-term with vesting in tranches of 20%, 30% and 50% over 3 years. The third tranche vested in full in FY23.


                        4.3.4 Five year Group performance correlated to variable reward
                              outcomes
                        The graph and table below summarises STI and LTI outcomes over the past 5 years together with share price, dividend and NPAT
                        performance demonstrating the alignment of at-risk reward outcomes and shareholder outcomes.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                            Our Business
                         100%                                                                                                                                 300cps

                         90%

                         80%

                         70%
                                                                                                                                                              200cps
                         60%

                         50%

                         40%

                                                                                                                                                                         Operating and
                                                                                                                                                               100cps
                         30%



                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Review
                         20%

                         10%

                          0%                                                                                                                                   0cps
                                          FY19                       FY20                  FY21                     FY22                      FY23


                                  STI      LTI      Dividend         EPS




                                                                               FY19                 FY20           FY21                 FY22             FY23           Remuneration Report
                         CEO STI outcomes (% of maximum)1                       90                    -             88                   68               30

                                                                                                                                                                            – Audited
                         CEO LTI outcomes (% of maximum)2                       37                    -              -                    -                -
                         Closing share price at end of period ($)3            $72.24               $66.52         $62.95               $73.24           $56.29
                         Dividends per Ordinary Shares (cents)               $1.5150              $0.6250         1.5150              $0.9700           $0.7500
                         NPAT ($M)                                           $545.50              $284.00         $449.00             $274.00            $298.1

                        1. CEO STI outcomes are presented on an award basis. Commencing FY21, CEO STI awards are paid 50% in cash and the remaining




                                                                                                                                                                            Directors’ Report
                           50% deferred via restricted shares.
                        2. CEO LTI outcomes are presented on a vested basis. For example, nil CEO LTI outcomes in FY20, FY21, FY22 and FY23 mean there is
                           no vesting of LTI performance rights for these years.
                        3. The opening share price at the start of FY19 was $53.98.




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Results




                                                                                                                           Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023   55
                        4.3.5 Actual remuneration table (Executive KMP)
                        The table below provides a summary of the actual take-home pay received by Executive KMP during FY23. Unlike the statutory
                        remuneration tables in section 4.3.6 below, the below table has not been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Australian
                        Accounting Standards and is unaudited. It is included on a voluntary basis to show what Executive KMP actually received in FY23, and
                        amounts that are paid or vested to executives in FY23 (with FY22 for comparison).

                                                                                                Other                                              Total Actual
                                    Name                Financial Year         FAR1                           STI Awarded2        LTI Vested
                                                                                              payments                                            Remuneration
                                                            FY23           $ 2,142,683            -             $ 782,213              -           $ 2,924,896
                                C.R. McNally
                                                            FY22           $ 2,150,170            -             $ 1,773,015            -           $ 3,923,185
                                                            FY23           $ 1,200,000        $ 512,530         $ 225,000              -           $ 1,937,530
                                M.J. Roberts3
                                                            FY22           $ 1,200,000        $ 299,995         $ 510,000              -           $ 2,009,995

                        1. FAR includes cash salary, superannuation and non-monetary benefits such as private health insurance cover and motor vehicle
                           running costs.
                        2. STI represents the amount awarded for FY23 and FY22 noting that 50% is deferred into equity for 3 years for the CEO, and 1 and 2
                           years for the Group CFO.
                        3. As noted above in section 4.3.3 One-off awards, in joining Ramsay, the Group CFO M.J. Roberts forfeited unvested equity from his
                           prior role. In recognition of this, the Group CFO was provided with performance rights equivalent to $1M that vest subject to meeting




For personal use only
                           individual performance requirements and service conditions over the 3 years from his employment anniversary. On 20 April 2021, 20%
                           or 3,074 of the Rights vested, with a vesting date value of $207,403. On 20 April 2022, 30% of the Rights or 4,611 of the Rights vested
                           with a vesting date value of $299,955. On 20 April 2023, 50% of the Rights or 7,687 of the Rights vested with a vesting value of
                           $512,530 which is shown in the “Other payments” column.




                        56   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        4.3.6 Statutory remuneration table (Executive KMP)
                        Details of each of the Executive KMP’s remuneration for FY23 (calculated in accordance with the applicable Australian Accounting Standards) are set out below. All values are in Australian Dollars ($)
                        unless otherwise stated.


                                                  Fixed remuneration                 Short-term benefits                                Long-term Benefits
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Share
                                                                                                                     Long                                              Accrued
                                                                       Non-                                                                                                                             Based         Total
                                                                                                                   Service                           LTI Share       Termination /  Total




For personal use only
                               Financial Cash Salary & Superannuation Monetary                  Accrued STI                      Deferred STI                                                          Payments   Performance
                          Name                                                                                      Leave                           Based Rights      Retirement Remuneration
                                 Year      Fees ($)          ($)      Benefits                      ($)                              ($)2                                                               as % of     Related
                                                                                                                 Entitlements                           ($)3           Benefits       $
                                                                        ($)1                                                                                                                             Total    Remuneration
                                                                                                                       ($)                                                ($)
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Remuneration
                          C.R.     FY’23         2,085,900          25,292        31,491             391,107        31,887            606,222         2,564,244                 -      5,736,142            55%           62%
                         McNally   FY’22         2,085,900          23,568        40,702             886,508        35,145            508,437         2,107,511                 -      5,687,771            46%           62%
                          M.J.     FY’23         1,174,708          25,292              -            112,500        17,894            206,634           892,833                 -      2,429,860            45%           50%
                        Roberts4   FY’22         1,176,432          23,568              -            255,000        19,559            239,989           827,897                 -      2,542,445            42%           52%
                          Total    FY’23         3,260,608          50,584        31,491            503,607         49,781            812,855         3,457,077                 -      8,166,003            52%           58%
                          Total    FY’22         3,262,332          47,136        40,702           1,141,508        54,704            748,425         2,935,408                 -      8,230,216            45%           59%

                        1. This figure represents non-monetary benefits such as health insurance cover and motor vehicle running costs that do not form part of the Executive KMP’s cash salary.
                        2. The fair value is determined at the grant date as the number of restricted shares granted by 5-day VWAP to STI payment date. In accordance with the requirements of the Australian Accounting
                           Standards, the accounting expense of the Deferred STI is progressively allocated over the service period that it relates to, including the vesting period that is subject to a continued employment
                           condition. If there was no service condition, the amortisation period will be the one year STI performance period only.
                        3. In accordance with the requirements of the Australian Accounting Standards, the remuneration includes a proportion of the fair value of the performance rights awarded under the LTI program
                           granted or outstanding during the year. The fair value is determined as at the grant date and is progressively allocated over the vesting period. The amount included as remuneration is not related
                           to or indicative of the benefit (if any) that Executives may ultimately realise should the equity instruments vest. The fair value of the performance rights at the date of their grant has been determined
                           in accordance with AASB 2 applying the Black-Scholes and Monte Carlo Simulation models. The assumption underpinning these valuations are set out in note 18 to the financial statements.
                        4. In joining Ramsay on 20 April 2020, the Group CFO M.J. Roberts forfeited unvested equity from his prior role. In recognition of this, the Group CFO was provided with performance rights equivalent
                           to $1M that vest subject to meeting individual performance requirements and service conditions over the 3 years from his employment anniversary. Subject to satisfaction of continuing employment
                           and performance conditions, vesting was staggered over the 3 years as follows: 20% of the Rights or 3,074 vested on 20-Apr-21, 30% of the Rights or 4,611 vested on 20-Apr-22, and 50% of the
                           rights or 7,687 vested on 20-Apr-23. The FY23 and FY22 costs attributable to these rights is included within LTI Share Based Rights in the line with the Australian Accounting Standards.




                        57   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        4.4 Non-Executive Director Remuneration
                        4.4.1 Remuneration policy & arrangements
                        The Board sets the fees for its NEDs in line with the key objectives of the Group’s NED remuneration policy set out below. NEDs fees
                        are reviewed annually and are set at a level that the Board considers is sufficient to attract and retain high calibre NEDs with skills and
                        experience required to oversee a business of Ramsay’s size and complexity.


                         Market competitive to secure and retain           Preserving and safeguarding                     Aligning NEDs and
                         talented, qualified NEDs                          independence and impartiality                   shareholder interests
                         The Board’s policy is to remunerate NEDs          NED remuneration consists of base               NEDs are encouraged to hold securities
                         at market-competitive rates to attract and        fees, and additional fees for the               in the Group to create alignment
                         retain NEDs of the highest calibre and            Chair and members of any Board                  between the interests of NEDs and
                         requisite expertise having regard to:             Committee (with the exception of the            shareholders. To create alignment
                                                                           Nomination Committee).                          between the interests of NEDs and
                         • market data,                                                                                    shareholders, all NEDs are subject to
                         • the size, complexity and international          No element of NED remuneration is               a minimum shareholding requirement
                           spread of the Group’s operations and            “at-risk” (i.e. NEDs are not entitled to        equal to 100% of their annual base
                                                                           any performance-related remuneration)           fee. This requirement must be satisfied
                         • the workload and time commitment                to preserve their independence
                           of NEDs.                                                                                        within 5 years of appointment as a NED.




For personal use only
                                                                           and impartiality.                               Refer section 4.2.7.


                        4.4.2 Fees & other benefits
                        a) Aggregate fee pool
                        The current annual aggregate fee pool for NEDs is capped at $3,500,000 (including statutory superannuation contributions), as approved
                        by shareholders at the AGM held on 12 November 2015. No change is proposed to the fee pool.

                        b) FY23 fee structure
                        The table below outlines the revised FY23 fee schedule for NEDs. During FY23, the People & Remuneration Committee engaged
                        remuneration consultants to undertake a benchmarking exercise in respect to NED fees.
                        No changes were made to Board base member fees in FY23, which marks the sixth consecutive year that these fees have not been
                        increased. In addition, no changes were made to Committee fees with the exception of fees payable to the People & Remuneration
                        Committee, which have been increased to be equivalent to the Risk Management Committee to reflect the workload of this Committee
                        and market benchmarks.
                        Other than for the Chair of the Board whose fee of $659,900 is inclusive of superannuation, all fees shown in the table below are
                        exclusive of superannuation. The Chair of the Board does not receive additional fees for his Committee roles.

                         Position                                                                  Chair                                Member fee
                         Board                                                                Chair: $659,900                             $220,375
                         Audit Committee                                                         $56,000                                  $28,000
                         Risk Management Committee                                               $50,000                                  $25,000
                         People & Remuneration Committee                                         $50,000                                  $25,000
                         Nomination & Governance Committee                                               No fee provided for this committee

                        As a global company with Australian headquarters, Ramsay recognises that for some overseas-based NEDs substantial additional travel
                        may be required to attend meetings or other Board-related matters in Australia. In line with market practice of other global organisations,
                        currently overseas NEDs are eligible to receive a travel allowance of $10,000 for travel to and from Australia for Board-related matters
                        (where travel exceeds 9 hours).
                        At present, the only NED eligible for this allowance is Claudia Süssmuth Dyckerhoff. Travel allowances of $20,000 were paid to Claudia
                        in FY23.




                        58   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        c) Prescribed benefits
                        NEDs appointed prior to October 2003 (being, Michael S. Siddle) remain entitled to retirement benefits under the, now frozen, Directors’
                        Retirement Benefits Plan. Under the plan, retirement benefits previously accrued on a pro-rata basis over a period of nine years,
                        commence after a minimum service period of three years.
                        Entitlements are indexed in line with the one-year Commonwealth Government Bond Rate and are adjusted twice a year. No adjustments
                        are made based on increases in NED fees or years of service. The indexation of retirement benefits occurs simply to preserve the real
                        value of existing entitlements and not to enhance any NED’s remuneration, and as such, is not counted towards the aggregate fee pool.
                        The value of the frozen benefits as at 30 June 2023, to which participating NEDs are entitled upon retirement are set out below:

                           Total Frozen Benefit          Total Provision             Benefits paid in           Total Bond Rate             Total Provision
                              31 Dec 09 ($)             30 June 2022 ($)                FY23 ($)                Adjustment ($)             30 June 2023 ($)
                                2,879,813                   551,526                         -                       15,332                     566,858




For personal use only




                                                                                                                      Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023    59
                        4.4.3 Statutory remuneration table (NEDs)
                        The fees paid or payable to the NEDs of the Group in respect of FY23 are set out in the table below. All values are in Australian dollars ($) unless otherwise stated.

                                                                        Fixed remuneration                      Short-term benefits                     Long-term Benefits
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Share
                                                                                                                                         Long                                   Accrued
                                                                                                               Non-                                                 LTI Share Termination               Based       Total
                                                                        Cash                    Travel                                 Service                                            /  Total
                                                         Financial     Salary & Superannuation                Monetary      Accrued               Deferred           Based                             Payments Performance
                                    Name                                                      Allowance                                 Leave                                  Retirement Remuneration
                                                           Year                       ($)                     Benefits       STI ($) Entitlements  STI ($)           Rights                             as % of   Related
                                                                       Fees ($) 1
                                                                                                  ($)                                                                           Benefits       $
                                                                                                                ($)                                                     ($)                              Total Remuneration
                                                                                                                                           ($)                                     ($)2




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Remuneration
                                  M.S. Siddle              FY23        659,900       25,292             -              -            -             -            -            -    15,332     700,524        -              -
                                  (Chairman)               FY22        638,206       23,568             -              -            -             -            -            -      1,094    662,868        -              -
                                  C.A. Deans               FY23        277,200       25,292             -              -            -             -            -            -           -   302,492        -              -
                                     (NED)                 FY22        261,375       23,568             -              -            -             -            -            -           -   284,943        -              -
                                J.M. McMurdo               FY23        248,408       25,292             -              -            -             -            -            -           -   273,700        -              -
                                     (NED)                 FY22        248,408       23,568             -              -            -             -            -            -           -   271,976        -              -
                                K.L.C. Penrose             FY23        311,823       25,292             -              -            -             -            -            -           -   337,115        -              -
                                     (NED)                 FY22        320,415       23,568             -              -            -             -            -            -           -   343,983        -              -
                               C.R. Süssmuth               FY23        245,294       25,292       20,000               -            -             -            -            -           -   290,586        -              -
                              Dyckerhoff (NED)5            FY22        245,294       23,568             -              -            -             -            -            -           -   268,862        -              -
                                  D.I. Thodey              FY23        280,200       25,292             -              -            -             -            -            -           -   305,492        -              -
                                     (NED)                 FY22        268,124       23,568             -              -            -             -            -            -           -   291,692        -              -
                                 S.A. Sargent3             FY23        273,577       25,292             -              -            -             -            -            -           -   298,869        -              -
                                     (NED)                 FY22        141,388       14,322             -              -            -             -            -            -           -   155,710        -              -
                              P.J. Evans (Former           FY23               -            -            -              -            -             -            -            -           -          -
                                Deputy Chair)4             FY22        141,211       14,121             -              -            -             -            -            -           -   155,332        -              -
                                     Total                 FY23      2,296,402      177,044       20,000               -            -             -            -            -    15,332 2,508,778          -              -
                                     Total                 FY22      2,264,421      169,851             -              -            -             -            -            -      1,094 2,435,366         -          -

                        1. Following the end of FY23, Ramsay identified that the following overpayments had been made to certain directors in FY22 & FY23: M.S. Siddle (FY23: $25,292; FY22: $1,874), C.A. Deans (FY23:
                           $6,825; FY22: nil), K.L.C Penrose (FY23: $6,825; FY22: $4,078), D.I. Thodey (FY23: $6,825; FY22: $3,780) and S.A. Sargent (FY23: $6,825; FY22: $889). These amounts are reflected in the table
                           above. Ramsay has now recovered all overpayments from the relevant directors and this will be reflected in the FY24 Remuneration Report.
                        2. With respect to NEDs, this constitutes amounts provided for by Ramsay during the financial year in relation to the contractual retirement benefits which the NED will be entitled to upon retirement
                           from office. These amounts represent the bond rate adjustment for the year as set out in section 4.4.2.c above.
                        3. S.A. Sargent was appointed as a NED with effect from 25 November 2021. His FY22 remuneration details included within the table above reflect amounts paid to Mr Sargent during his service
                           period as a NED.
                        4. P.J. Evans retired as a NED with effect from 24 November 2021. His FY22 remuneration details included within the table above reflect amounts paid to P.J. Evans during his service period as a
                           NED only.
                        5. Travel allowances of $20,000 were paid to C.R. Süssmuth Dyckerhoff in FY23. Overseas NEDs are eligible to receive a travel allowance equivalent to $10,000 for travel to and from Australia for
                           Board-related matters (where travel exceeds nine hours), in accordance with section 4.4.2.b.




                        60   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        4.5 Remuneration Governance
                        4.5.1 Remuneration governance framework
                        Overview
                        As summarised below, the Board oversees the Ramsay people strategy, both directly and through the People & Remuneration Committee.
                        The People & Remuneration Committee seeks input from the MD & CEO and the Group Chief People Officer, who attend Committee
                        meetings, except where matters relating to their own remuneration are considered.




For personal use only




                                                                                                                 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023   61
                        Interaction between risk & remuneration
                        Our remuneration framework has been structured to encourage long-term sustainable decision making from all of our leaders, ensuring
                        that the interests of the Group’s shareholders and broader stakeholder groups (i.e. customers, employees, community etc.) are at the
                        heart of all decisions. It is important that the Group’s remuneration framework encourages the sound management of both financial and
                        non-financial risks and mitigates against excessive risk taking or short-term oriented behaviours by executives.
                        This is achieved under the executive remuneration framework in a number of ways:
                        • Performance measures: under the executive remuneration framework, a portion of the STI for the Executive KMP is assessed against
                          people measures, consumer measures and climate measures (i.e. greenhouse gas emission reduction) to focus executives on ensuring
                          strong outcomes for these broader stakeholder groups;
                        • Structure: under the executive remuneration framework, a portion of the STI is deferred into equity (vesting over 1 to 2 years, or 3
                          years depending on role) and the LTI is delivered in performance rights which are performance-tested over 3 years. Both of these
                          mechanisms were chosen as they encourage alignment between executives and the Group’s shareholders, as the value of these
                          awards to participants fluctuates with the Group’s share price;
                        • Board discretion: the Board, in conjunction with the People & Remuneration Committee, has the ability to exercise discretion to ensure
                          the quantum of executive remuneration is appropriate considering individual and Group performance (which extends to reductions in
                          STI and LTI vesting outcomes, including to zero, for adverse risk outcomes). STI awards are also subject to The Ramsay Way “People
                          Caring for People” performance modifier;
                        • Minimum shareholding requirements: as noted in section 4.2.7 above, a minimum shareholding requirement was introduced in FY20
                          for executives and NEDs which requires the accumulation of Group shares over 5 years. This requirement encourages alignment




For personal use only
                          between the interests of the Group’s shareholders, and executives and NEDs;
                        • Malus & clawback provisions: incentives are subject to malus and clawback provisions which provide the Board with the ability to
                          reduce and/or withhold any variable remuneration awards that have been awarded but remain unvested or unpaid, as well as recoup
                          amounts that have previously been paid. These provisions are described in section 4.2.6; and
                        • Remuneration governance: in determining final variable remuneration outcomes each year, the People & Remuneration Committee
                          will consult with the Risk Management Committee and Group Chief Risk Officer to ensure that the financial and non-financial risk
                          considerations are taken into account.


                        4.5.2 Use of remuneration consultants
                        In accordance with its Charter, the People & Remuneration Committee can engage with remuneration consultants, according to
                        specific guidelines.
                        Ramsay did not receive any “remuneration recommendations” as defined under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) in FY23.


                        4.5.3 Details of Executive Service Agreements
                        The MD & CEO and Group CFO have written service contracts. The below details the key terms of these agreements.

                         Term                               Further detail
                         Duration                           • Ongoing
                                                            • 6 months’ notice. The Group may elect to make a payment in lieu of notice.
                         Termination by employee            • Employee may terminate the employment agreement without notice if a fundamental change
                                                              occurs in his role or responsibilities.
                                                            • 12 months’ notice (MD & CEO) or 6 months’ (Group CFO) or payment in lieu of notice.
                         Termination by Group
                                                            • Ramsay may summarily terminate employment without notice in certain circumstances.
                         Restraint Period                   • 12 month restraint provision applies.


                        4.5.4 Security Trading Policy
                        All Ramsay NEDs and employees are subject to the Group’s Securities Trading Policy, a copy of which is available on our website at
                        ramsayhealth.com/Sustainability/Governance.
                        This policy prohibits:
                        • the dealing (or procurement of another person to deal) with Ramsay’s securities or the securities of another company where they are in
                          possession of inside information;
                        • dealing with Ramsay securities during blackout periods;
                        • short-term dealing (e.g. buying and selling securities within a 12-month period or entering into forward contracts); and
                        • hedging Ramsay securities.




                        62   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        4.6 Further information
                        4.6.1 Executive KMP and NED share ownership
                        The table below outlines the holdings and movements during FY23 in the equity of Ramsay by each KMP, including their closely related parties. No shares were held nominally by any KMP or their
                        related parties.

                                                                                                     Received as            Received on Vesting          Received as             Other Net Change




For personal use only
                                                                        Held at 1 July 2022                                                                                                                Held at 30 June 2023
                                                                                                     Deferred STI                  of LTI             Other Remuneration           Purchase / Sale
                                                                         Ord.                      Ord.                      Ord.                      Ord.                       Ord.                       Ord.
                                                                                     CARES                   CARES                        CARES                  CARES                       CARES                          CARES
                                                                         Shares                    Shares                   Shares                    Shares                     Shares                     Shares
                         Non-Executive Directors
                         M.S. Siddle                                 3,905,919          -            -                -             -            -             -           -         -            -       3,905,919     -
                         C. A. Deans                                     5,705       1,402           -                -             -            -             -           -         -            -         5,705       1,402
                         J. M. McMurdo                                   4,964          -            -                -             -            -             -           -         -            -         4,964       -
                         K.L.C. Penrose                                  1,537          -            -                -             -            -             -           -      1,708           -         3,245       -
                         C.R. Süssmuth Dyckerhoff                        3,705          -            -                -             -            -             -           -         -            -         3,705       -
                         D.I. Thodey                                    11,071            700        -                -             -            -             -           -         -            -        11,071       700
                         S.A. Sargent                                        -              -        -                -             -            -             -           -      5,325           -         5,325       -
                         Executive KMP
                         C.R. McNally1                                368,995           -        15,567           -            -             -            -                -              -           -    384,562      -
                         M.J. Roberts2&3                               12,713           -         4,478           -            -             -         7,687               -              -           -     24,878      -

                        1. Mr. C.R. McNally received 15,567 of ordinary shares on Nov'22 as part of his FY22 deferred STI restricted for 3 years, subject to continued employment.
                        2. Mr. M.J. Roberts received 4,478 of ordinary shares on 'Nov'22 in respect to his FY22 deferred STI. The deferral period is 2 years with 50% of the deferred equity being released after the first year
                           and the second 50% released at the end of the subsequent year, subject to continued employment at the vesting date.
                        3. In joining Ramsay on 20 April 2020, the Group CFO M.J. Roberts forfeited unvested equity from his prior role. In recognition of this, the Group CFO was provided with performance rights equivalent
                           to $1M that vested in three tranches, subject to meeting individual performance requirements and service conditions over the 3 years from his employment anniversary. Following the satisfaction
                           of continuing employment and performance conditions, the final tranche of performance rights (7,687) vested on 20-Apr-23. See section 4.3.3 One-off awards and prior Remuneration Reports for
                           further detail about this award.




                        63   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        4.6.2 Movement in securities
                        The below table shows the movements (during FY23 and up to the date of this Report) in equity settled performance rights granted as remuneration to Executive KMP.

                                                                                                                                                                                             Number of
                                                                                                                                                    Number of         Value of Rights                               Value of Rights
                                                                                                          Number of                                                                            Rights
                                                                 Instrument          Date of Grant                            Vesting Date2       Rights Vested/         Vested /                                     Forfeited /
                                                                                                        Rights Granted1                                                                      Forfeited /
                                                                                                                                                    Exercised3         Exercised ($)4                                 Lapsed ($)7
                                                                                                                                                                                              Lapsed
                         Executive KMP




For personal use only
                                                                                      17-Nov-19             50,483             31-Aug-22                         -                 -               50,483      5
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         3,540,368
                                                                Equity settled        15-Dec-20             55,563             31-Aug-23                         -                 -               55,563      6
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2,773,538
                                    C.R. McNally                performance
                                                                   rights             15-Dec-21             57,690             31-Aug-24                         -                 -                    -                        -
                                                                                      15-Dec-22             49,814             31-Aug-25                         -                 -                    -                        -
                                                                                      20-Apr-20             15,372             Staggered8             7,687                  512,664                    -                        -
                                                                Equity settled        15-Dec-20             16,439             31-Aug-23                         -                 -               16,439      6
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           820,586
                                    M.J. Roberts                performance
                                                                   rights             15-Dec-21             17,068             31-Aug-24                         -                 -                    -                        -
                                                                                      15-Dec-22             14,738             31-Aug-25                         -                 -                    -                        -

                        1. The implied maximum possible total value of the equity awards allocated during FY'23 and yet to vest can be determined by multiplying the number of Performance Rights granted by the current
                           share price of Ramsay shares. The minimum possible total value of LTI awards is nil. The weighted average fair value per FY'23 Performance Right at the grant date was $27.60 for the TSR
                           performance hurdle and $61.22 for the EPS performance hurdle. The terms applicable to prior year grants are disclosed in prior Remuneration Reports.
                        2. For future vesting dates (as at the date of this Report), the stated vesting date is indicative date only. Vesting of Performance Rights will occur once the Board has determined the extent to which the
                           applicable performance hurdles have been met. Vesting will only occur after the announcement of the release of Ramsay’s Full Year results for the previous financial year.
                        3. On the vesting of each Performance Right, the holder receives one fully-paid ordinary share in Ramsay, subject to disposal and other dealing restrictions, if held in the trust, or, at the Board's
                           discretion, an equivalent cash payment.
                        4. The value of vested Performance Rights is based on Ramsay’s 5-day VWAP on the date of vesting (as there is no exercise price payable in respect of Performance Rights).
                        5. The FY20 LTIs subject to the TSR and EPS performance conditions did not achieve the relevant thresholds’ required for vesting and therefore lapsed on 31 August 2022.
                        6. The FY21 LTIs subject to the TSR and EPS performance conditions did not achieve the relevant thresholds’ required for vesting and therefore lapsed on 31 August 2023.
                        7. The value of unvested Performance Rights is calculated using the relevant Ramsay 5-day VWAP at the date of lapsing.
                        8. In joining Ramsay, the Group CFO M.J. Roberts forfeited unvested equity from his prior role. In recognition of this, the Group CFO was provided with performance rights equivalent to $1M that
                           vest subject to meeting individual performance requirements and service conditions over the 3 years from his employment anniversary. Subject to satisfaction of continuing employment and
                           performance conditions, vesting was staggered over the 3 years as follows: 20% of the Rights or 3,074 vested on 20-Apr-21, 30% of the Rights or 4,611 vested on 20-Apr-22, and 50% of the rights or
                           7,687 vested on 20-Apr-23. See section 4.3.3 One-off awards and prior Remuneration Reports for further detail about this award.




                        64   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        The movement during FY23 in the number of rights over ordinary shares in Ramsay held, directly or indirectly or beneficially, by each KMP, including their closely related parties is as follows. During
                        FY23, no NEDs or their closely related parties had rights over shares in Ramsay.

                                                                                                                                   Number of                               Number of                                Number of
                                                                                                                                                       Number of
                                                                           Equity Settled Performance       Rights held at      Rights Granted                               Rights           Rights held at      Rights Vested /
                                                                                                                                                     Rights Vested /
                                                                           Rights / Share Rights             1 July 2022              as                                   Forfeited /        30 June 2023        Exercised Post
                                                                                                                                                        Exercised
                                                                                                                                 remuneration                               Lapsed                                30 June 2023
                         Executive KMP
                         C.R. McNally1                                        Performance Rights               163,736              49,814                  -                50,483              163,067                 -
                         M.J. Roberts                                         Performance Rights                41,194              14,738                      7,687           -                48,245                  -




For personal use only
                        1. Shareholder approval for the grant of 49,814 Performance Rights to the MD & CEO was obtained under ASX Listing Rule 10.14 at the 2022 Annual General Meeting.


                        4.6.3 Other transactions and balances with Executive KMP
                        Loans to Executive KMP
                        No Executive KMP or their closely related parties held any loans with the Group during the Reporting Period.

                        Other Executive KMP transactions
                        The Group did not engage in any transactions with Executive KMP or their closely related parties during the Reporting Period.




                        65   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        5 Directors’ Report

                        The Directors present the Directors’ Report for the year ended 30 June 2023 for the
                        consolidated entity consisting of Ramsay Health Care Limited (Ramsay or the Company)
                        and its controlled entities (together, the Group).

                        Governance
                        Our governance framework is designed to ensure that we are effectively managed, that legal and regulatory obligations are met and that
                        the culture of personal and corporate integrity – The Ramsay Way – is reinforced. The Ramsay Way philosophy is 'People Caring for
                        People'. We remain committed to maintaining these principles across all aspects of our business.
                        Our Board regularly reviews its corporate governance policies and processes to ensure they are appropriate to meet governance




For personal use only
                        standards and regulatory requirements. The roles of the Board and the Committees are set out in the Charters, available on the Ramsay
                        website at ramsayhealth.com/en/about/corporate-governance/.


                        Corporate Governance Statement
                        Further details are set out in the Corporate Governance Statement for the financial year ended 30 June 2023, which outlines the key
                        aspects of our corporate governance framework and practices and is available at ramsayhealth.com/en/about/corporate-governance/.




                        The Ramsay Health Care Board (L-R) Non-Executive Director, Alison Deans | Non-Executive Director, David Thodey AO | Managing Director & CEO, Craig
                        McNally | Chairman, Michael Siddle | Non-Executive Director, Claudia Süssmuth Dyckerhoff | Non-Executive Director, Steven Sargent | Non-Executive Director,
                        James McMurdo | Non-Executive Director, Karen Penrose | Group General Counsel & Company Secretary, Henrietta Rowe.




                        66    Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        Our Governance Framework




                                                                                                                                                                 Year in Review




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                 Our Business
                        Biographical details of Directors and Company Secretary

                                             Mr Michael Siddle was appointed as Chairman of the Company on 27 May 2014, having formerly been
                                             Deputy Chairman for 17 years and a founding Director. He has built up significant knowledge of the business
                                             and the private hospital industry after starting with the Company in 1968. Mr Siddle has extensive experience
                                             in the management of private hospitals and has been integrally involved in Ramsay Health Care’s successful

                                                                                                                                                              Operating and
                                             expansion through developments, mergers and acquisitions.
                                             Mr Siddle serves as a member of the Company’s People & Remuneration Committee and Nomination &

                                                                                                                                                             Financial Review
                                             Governance Committee. Mr Siddle is also a Trustee and director of the Paul Ramsay Foundation.
                                             During the last three years, Mr Siddle has not served as a director of any listed companies other than Ramsay
                        Michael Siddle       Health Care Limited.

                        Chairman             Committee memberships:

                        Appointed 27/05/14   • People & Remuneration Committee (Member)


                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration Report
                        (Appointed as a      • Nomination & Governance Committee (Member)
                        Director 26/5/75)
                                             Independence status:



                                                                                                                                                                 – Audited
                                             • Non-independent


                                             Mr Craig McNally was appointed Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer on 3 July 2017, after serving
                                             seven years as Chief Operating Officer and 22 years in various roles including Head of Global Strategy and
                                             European Operations. Mr McNally is also the Chairman of Ramsay Santé.
                                             Mr McNally joined Ramsay in 1988 and is one of the Company's longest serving executives. During his




                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’ Report
                                             tenure, he has worked across operational, strategic and financial roles.
                                             For the last two decades, Mr McNally has been responsible for the development and implementation
                                             of Ramsay’s growth strategy including brownfield expansions, international market assessments, mergers
                                             and acquisitions and new business strategies. He has been at the forefront of all the major acquisitions
                        Craig McNally        and deals. His ability to assess the opportunities and risks associated with new business ventures and
                                             to evaluate their ‘strategic fit’, as well as his sound judgement and insight, has ensured the Company’s
                        CEO & Managing       successful growth both domestically and internationally.
                        Director
                                             Mr McNally has been a key leader in the development of The Ramsay Way culture and in developing
                        Appointed 03/07/17   leadership capability within the global organisation.




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Results




                                                                                                               Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023    67
                                                   Ms Alison Deans has 25 years’ experience building technology-enabled businesses involved in media,
                                                   ecommerce, financial services and health, and across leadership roles as an executive, a director and in
                                                   venture capital. Ms Deans joined the Board of Ramsay Health Care in November 2018. She is also Chair of
                                                   Cochlear Limited and a Non-Executive Director of Calix Limited and Deputy Pty Ltd. She is also a Venture
                                                   Partner of Main Sequence Ventures.
                                                   In her executive career, Ms Deans was previously the CEO of eBay Australia and New Zealand, CEO of
                                                   eCorp Limited, (a publicly listed portfolio of digital businesses), CEO of Hoyts Cinemas and most recently
                                                   CEO of Netus Pty Ltd (a technology investment company acquired by Fairfax). Ms Deans also spent seven
                                                   years as a consultant with McKinsey & Company. She holds a Master of Business Administration from the
                        Alison Deans               Stanford Graduate School of Business and a Master of Arts (Physics) from Cambridge University.
                        MA MBA GAICD
                                                   In the past three years, Ms Deans has served as a Director of the following listed companies:
                        Non-Executive Director
                                                   • Cochlear Limited (appointed February 2015)
                        Appointed 15/11/18         • Calix Limited (appointed March 2023)
                                                   • Westpac Banking Corporation (resigned December 2020)
                                                   Committee memberships:
                                                   • People & Remuneration Committee (Chair)
                                                   • Nomination & Governance Committee (Member)
                                                   Independence status:




For personal use only
                                                   • Independent

                                                   Mr James McMurdo has more than 30 years' finance and banking experience. He has a background
                                                   in corporate advisory spanning across mergers and acquisitions, strategic advisory and financing with
                                                   experience across multiple industries including the healthcare sector. He has held senior operating
                                                   management roles and worked extensively in both the Asia Pacific and European regions.
                                                   Mr McMurdo is one of the Founding Partners of Privatus Capital Partners, an advisory and merchant banking
                                                   business. Prior to establishing Privatus, he held senior management roles at Deutsche Bank and was based
                                                   in Hong Kong. In the time he was at Deutsche Bank, Mr McMurdo was Global Co-Head of Corporate Finance,
                                                   Head of Corporate and Investment Bank for Asia Pacific and CEO for Australia and New Zealand. He sat on
                                                   the firm’s Global Executive Committee for the Corporate and Investment Bank for four years. Prior to this,
                        James McMurdo              Mr McMurdo was a Partner at Goldman Sachs, where he held senior positions in the Investment Banking
                        BSc (Econ), ACA            Division in Australia and Europe.
                        Non-Executive Director     Mr McMurdo holds a degree in economics from the University of Newcastle upon Tyne and is a
                                                   qualified accountant.
                        Appointed 10/09/19
                                                   Committee memberships:
                                                   • Audit Committee (Member)
                                                   Independence status:
                                                   • Independent

                                                   Ms Karen Penrose has had an extensive executive career in leadership and CFO roles, mainly in financial
                                                   services. She is well-versed in financial management, customer outcomes and operating in a rapidly
                                                   changing regulatory environment which stems from 20 years in banking with Commonwealth Bank and
                                                   HSBC and eight years as a listed-company CFO.
                                                   Ms Penrose has been a full-time director since 2014 and is an experienced committee chair of audit and risk.
                                                   In addition to being a Non-Executive Director of Ramsay, Ms Penrose also serves as a Director of Ramsay
                                                   Générale de Santé and as a member of their Audit Committee, and as a Director of Bank of Queensland,
                                                   Cochlear and Estia Health. She is a member of Chief Executive Women and on the Board of Marshall
                                                   Investments Pty Limited and Rugby Australia Limited.
                        Karen Penrose B.Com
                        (UNSW) CPA FAICD           In the past three years, Ms Penrose has served as a Director of the following listed companies:
                                                   •   Bank of Queensland (appointed November 2015)
                        Non-Executive Director
                                                   •   Cochlear Limited (appointed July 2022)
                        Appointed 1/3/20           •   Estia Health Limited (appointed October 2018)
                                                   •   Ramsay Santé (appointed February 2021)
                                                   •   Vicinity Centres (resigned September 2022)
                                                   Committee memberships:
                                                   • Audit Committee (Chair)
                                                   • Risk Management Committee (Member)
                                                   Independence status:
                                                   • Independent




                        68   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                                                 Mr Steven Sargent’s executive career included 22 years at General Electric, where he gained extensive
                                                 multi-industry, international experience leading businesses in industries including healthcare, energy and
                                                 financial services across the USA, Europe and Asia Pacific.
                                                 Mr Sargent is currently a Non-Executive Director of Origin Energy Limited and Chair of infection
                                                 prevention company Nanosonics Limited. His unlisted board activities include Chairman of The Origin
                                                 Energy Foundation Limited, Origin’s philanthropic arm, and Non-Executive Director of The Great Barrier
                                                 Reef Foundation.
                                                 As well as holding a Bachelor of Business from Charles Sturt University, Mr Sargent is a Fellow with
                        Steven Sargent BBUS      the Australian Institute of Company Directors and a Fellow with the Australian Academy of Technological
                        FAICD FTSE               Sciences and Engineering.
                                                 In the past three years, Mr Sargent has served as a Director of the following listed companies:


                                                                                                                                                                       Year in Review
                        Non-Executive Director
                                                 • Origin Energy Limited (appointed May 2015)
                        Appointed 25/11/21
                                                 • Nanosonics Limited (appointed July 2016)
                                                 • OFX Group Limited (resigned August 2022)
                                                 Committee memberships:
                                                 • Risk Management Committee (Chair)




For personal use only
                                                 Independence status:
                                                 • Independent


                                                 Dr Claudia Süssmuth Dyckerhoff PhD joined the Ramsay Health Care Board in October 2018, bringing                      Our Business
                                                 expertise in market growth strategies, business development and operational performance improvement
                                                 in hospitals.
                                                 Dr Süssmuth Dyckerhoff has extensive global experience in hospitals and health care across Europe, Asia,
                                                 and the USA. She joined McKinsey & Company in Switzerland in 1995 and transferred to the USA focusing on
                                                 supporting health care companies, including pharmaceutical/medical device companies, payor, provider and
                                                 health systems in Europe and the USA.
                                                 In 2006, Dr Süssmuth Dyckerhoff transferred to China, was elected Senior Partner in 2010 and supported             Operating and
                        Claudia Süssmuth         health care companies as well as governments across Asia. She also led McKinsey’s Asia-wide Health

                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Review
                        Dyckerhoff PhD           Systems and Services Sector. In 2016, when she was nominated to the Board of Hoffmann-La Roche, she
                                                 stepped down from her role as Senior Partner and took on an external advisor role. Dr Süssmuth Dyckerhoff
                        Non-Executive Director   also supports start-ups in the health care area; she joined the board of the Health Tech company HUMA in
                                                 April 2021 and the board of QuEST Global in November 2020.
                        Appointed 30/10/18
                                                 Dr Süssmuth Dyckerhoff studied Business Administration at the University of St Gallen, Switzerland as well
                                                 as at ESADE, Barcelona where she graduated with an MBA/CEMS Master. She also holds a PhD in Business


                                                                                                                                                                   Remuneration Report
                                                 Administration from the University of St Gallen/University of Michigan Ann Arbor.
                                                 In the past three years, Dr Süssmuth Dyckerhoff has served as a Director of the following listed companies:
                                                 • Hoffmann La Roche (appointed March 2016)

                                                                                                                                                                       – Audited
                                                 • Clariant AG (appointed April 2016)
                                                 • Prudential plc (appointed January 2023)
                                                 Committee memberships:
                                                 • Risk Management Committee (Member)
                                                 Independence status:




                                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ Report
                                                 • Independent




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Results




                                                                                                                   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023      69
                                                   Mr David Thodey AO is a business leader focused on innovation, technology, digital transformation and
                                                   telecommunications, with more than 40 years of experience.
                                                   In addition to being a Non-Executive Director and Lead Independent Director of Ramsay, Mr Thodey is
                                                   currently Chair of Xero Limited (a global cloud-based accounting solution for small and medium businesses).
                                                   He is also a member of the Finance Committee at the University of Sydney, Chair of the Great Barrier Reef
                                                   Foundation (an Australian non-profit organisation) and co-chair of the Climate Leaders Coalition.
                                                   Mr Thodey was previously CEO of Telstra (Australia’s leading telecommunications and information services
                                                   company), Chair of CSIRO (Australia’s national scientific research agency) and, prior to that, he was CEO of
                        David Thodey AO            IBM Australia and New Zealand. Mr Thodey is active in public policy and has led an Independent Review of
                                                   the Australian Public Service (APS) in 2019, chaired a Panel appointed by the NSW Government to lead an
                        Non-Executive Director     independent review of Federal Financial Relations between the Commonwealth and the States in 2020, and
                        (Appointed 28/11/17) and   led a user audit of the myGov government services digital portal in 2023. From March to December 2020,
                                                   Mr Thodey was also Deputy Chair of the Federal Government’s National COVID-19 Coordination Commission
                        Lead                       (NCC) Advisory Board.
                        Independent Director
                                                   Mr Thodey holds a Bachelor of Arts in Anthropology and English from Victoria University, Wellington,
                        (Appointed 1/03/20)        New Zealand and attended the Kellogg School of Management postgraduate General Management
                                                   Program at Northwestern University in Chicago, USA. He was awarded an Honorary Doctorate in Science
                                                   and Technology from Deakin University in 2016, an Honorary Doctorate of Business from University of
                                                   Technology Sydney in 2018 and an Honorary Doctor of Business from the University of Sydney in 2023.
                                                   Mr Thodey is a Fellow of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering (ATSE) and




For personal use only
                                                   the Australian Institute of Company Directors (AICD). In 2017, he was awarded an Order of Australia for his
                                                   service to business and the promotion of ethical leadership and workplace diversity.
                                                   In the past three years, Mr Thodey has served as a Director of the following listed companies:
                                                   • Xero Limited (appointed June 2019)
                                                   • Vodafone Group Plc (resigned July 2020)
                                                   • Tyro Payments Limited (resigned March 2023)
                                                   Mr Thodey is the Lead Independent Director and is a member of the following Committees:
                                                   • Nomination & Governance Committee (Chair)
                                                   • Audit Committee (Member)
                                                   • People & Remuneration Committee (Member)
                                                   Independence Status:
                                                   • Independent


                                                   Ms Rowe was appointed Group General Counsel & Company Secretary on 25 June 2019 and is responsible
                                                   for the Group legal, governance and secretariat functions.
                                                   Ms Rowe has more than 15 years’ experience with leading global law firm, Herbert Smith Freehills, and
                                                   in-house at the Commonwealth Bank of Australia, specialising in corporate governance, mergers and
                                                   acquisitions and capital management.
                                                   She holds a Bachelor of Economics (Social Sciences) (Honours) and a Bachelor of Laws (Honours) from the
                                                   University of Sydney, is a Fellow of the Governance Institute of Australia and a member of the Australian
                                                   Institute of Company Directors Law Committee.
                        Henrietta Rowe
                        B.Econ (Soc Sci)
                        (Hons), LLB (Hons),
                        FGIA, MAICD
                        Group General Counsel &
                        Company Secretary
                        Appointed 25/06/19




                        70   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        Board of Directors - skills and experience
                        Our Board comprises eight directors, a majority of whom are independent Non-Executive Directors. Ramsay aims to maintain a Board
                        that comprises Directors who are able to understand effectively and manage the issues arising in the Company’s business, review and
                        challenge the performance of management and optimise the Company’s performance.
                        The following table sets out the various skills/experience that comprise our Board Skills Matrix:

                         Skill / Experience                                          Explanation
                         Sectors/Activities

                                                                                     Operational or technical experience in the health care industry and
                                   Health Care
                                                                                     international health systems.



                                                                                                                                                                              Year in Review
                                                                                     Ability to manage and oversee an organisation’s business and strategic
                                   Global Experience
                                                                                     objectives from an international perspective.

                         Specific Skills and Experience

                                                                                     Ability to identify and critically assess strategic opportunities and threats and
                                   Strategy
                                                                                     to develop and implement successful strategies.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                              Our Business
                                                                                     Ability to influence public policy development and manage the implications
                                   Public Policy and Regulatory Affairs
                                                                                     of public and regulatory policy.


                                                                                     Ability to assess financial performance, analyse financial statements and
                                   Capital Management and Finance
                                                                                     implement effective internal financial and risk controls.


                                                                                     Ability to leverage technological developments to support growth and drive
                                   Technology and Disruption                         competitive advantage, including driving transformation and responding to
                                                                                                                                                                           Operating and
                                                                                     digital disruption.



                                   People and Culture
                                                                                     Ability to set & communicate corporate culture, motivate key talent, oversee         Financial Review
                                                                                     management and evaluate the suitability of CEOs and other key executives.


                                                                                     Ability to oversee the proactive management of workplace health and
                                   Workplace Health and Safety
                                                                                     safety practices.


                                                                                     Ability to oversee a strong consumer-focused culture committed to                    Remuneration Report
                                   Consumer Focus
                                                                                     achieving consumer outcomes.

                                                                                                                                                                              – Audited
                                                                                     Ability to manage and oversee business operations and deliver sustained
                                   Operational Experience in Major Business
                                                                                     business success.


                                                                                     Ability to assess governance, environmental and social issues and the
                                   Governance
                                                                                     effectiveness of organisational policies and procedures.



                                                                                                                                                                              Directors’ Report
                                                                                     Ability to identify and manage key risks, including regulatory, financial and
                                   Risk Management
                                                                                     non-financial risks, to an organisation.


                                                                                     Ability to assess strategic M&A opportunities and oversee
                                   Mergers & Acquisitions
                                                                                     execution/completion.




                                                                                                                                                                              Financial Results




                                                                                                                            Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023    71
                        The Ramsay Board and Board Committee membership
                        As at 30 June 2023

                                                                                                                       Risk          People &         Nomination &
                                                                                                   Audit            Management     Remuneration       Governance
                         Name                                                   Board            Committee           Committee      Committee          Committee

                         Michael Siddle

                         Craig McNally

                         Alison Deans

                         James McMurdo

                         Karen Penrose

                         Steven Sargent

                         Claudia Süssmuth Dyckerhoff

                         David Thodey




For personal use only
                                  Chair and member                  Member



                        Directors’ meetings
                        The number of scheduled Board and committee meetings held during the financial year ending 30 June 2023 and the number of
                        meetings attended by each of the Directors in office during this period is set out in the table below.
                        Please note the number of meetings that each Director was eligible to attend is included in brackets.

                                                                                                             Risk                People &            Nomination &
                                                                                        Audit             Management           Remuneration          Governance
                         Name                                      Board              Committee            Committee            Committee             Committee
                         Michael Siddle                            12 (12)                 -                    -                   5 (5)                2 (2)
                         Craig McNally                             12 (12)                 -                    -                     -                    -
                         Alison Deans                              12 (12)                 -                    -                   5 (5)                2 (2)
                         James McMurdo                             12 (12)               8 (8)                  -                    -                    -
                         Karen Penrose                             12 (12)               8 (8)                 4 (4)                 -                    -
                         Steven Sargent                            12 (12)                -                    4 (4)                 -                    -
                         Claudia Süssmuth Dyckerhoff               12 (12)                -                    4 (4)                 -                    -
                         David Thodey                              12 (12)               8 (8)                  -                   5 (5)                2 (2)


                        Directors’ relevant interests
                        Details of Director’s holdings in the share capital of the Company as at the date of this Report are as follows:

                                                                                                   Convertible Adjustable Rate              Rights over Ordinary
                         Name                                        Ordinary shares                Equity Securities (CARES)                      Shares
                         Alison Deans                                     5,705                              1,402                                   -
                         James McMurdo                                    4,964                                 -                                    -
                         Craig McNally                                  384,562                                 -                                107,504
                         Karen Penrose                                    3,245                                 -                                    -
                         Michael Siddle                                3,905,919                                -                                    -
                         Claudia Süssmuth Dyckerhoff                      3,705                                 -                                    -
                         Steven Sargent                                   5,325                                 -                                    -
                         David Thodey                                    11,071                               700                                    -




                        72   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        Remuneration report
                        The Remuneration Report in Section 4 on pages 43 to 65 of this Annual Report is incorporated into, and forms part of, this
                        Directors’ Report.


                        Operating and financial review
                        Information on the operations of the Group during the financial year, the results of those operations, the Group’s financial position and its
                        business strategies and prospects is set out in the Operating and Financial Review (OFR) in Section 3 on pages to of this Annual Report
                        and is incorporated into, and forms part of, this Directors’ Report.


                        Operating environment and key risks
                                                                                                                                                                            Year in Review
                        Information on the key risks of the Group, together with relevant mitigation strategies, are set out in Operating Environment and Key Risks
                        in Section 2 on pages 12-16 of this Annual Report and are incorporated into, and form part of, this Directors’ Report.


                        Principal activities




For personal use only
                        During the year, the principal activity of the Group was to own and operate hospitals and health care services in over 530 locations across
                        Australia and globally. There were no significant changes in the nature of the Company’s activities during the year.



                                                                                                                                                                            Our Business
                        State of affairs
                        Other than as referred to in the OFR, there have been no significant changes in the Group’s state of affairs during the year.


                        Likely developments and expected results
                        Likely developments in the operations of the Group and the expected results of those operations are set out in the OFR in Section 3 on

                                                                                                                                                                         Operating and
                        pages to of this Annual Report and is incorporated into, and forms part of, this Directors’ Report.


                        Matters subsequent to the end of the financial year                                                                                             Financial Review

                        There have been no significant events after the reporting date that may significantly affect the Group’s operations in future years, the
                        results of these operations in future years or the Group’s state of affairs in future years.


                        Dividends
                        Dividends paid or recommended for payment on ordinary shares are as follows:                                                                    Remuneration Report



                                                                                                                                                                            – Audited
                        • Final dividend recommended @ 25.0 cents per share (2022: 48.5 cents). Total of $57.1 million (2022: $110.5 million).
                        • Interim dividend paid during the year @ 50.0 cents per share (2022: 48.5 cents). Total of $114.0 million (2022: $111.0 million).
                        Dividends paid or recommended for payment on CARES are as follows:
                        • October dividend recommended @ $ 3.0614 per security (2022: $2.06). Total of $8.0 million (2022: $5.3 million).
                        • April dividend paid during the year @ $2.9337 per security (2022: $1.73). Total of $7.7 million (2022: $4.5 million).




                                                                                                                                                                            Directors’ Report
                        The tax rate at which dividends have been franked and recommended dividends will be franked is 30% (2022: 30%).


                        Environmental regulation
                        The Group has general environmental obligations that are regulated under both state and federal laws, and holds licences from the
                        Environment Protection Regulatory Bodies applicable to hospitals for the maintenance of a safe environment. The Directors are not aware
                        of any breaches of these licences.




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Results




                                                                                                                          Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023    73
                        Non-audit services
                        Ernst & Young received or are due to receive $874,327 for the provision of non-audit services. Refer to Note 22 for further information.
                        The Board is satisfied that the provision of non-audit services during the year by Ernst & Young is compatible with, and did not
                        compromise, the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) for the following reasons:
                        1. all non-audit services provided by Ernst & Young were reviewed and approved to ensure they do not impact the integrity and objectivity
                           of the auditor; and
                        2. the nature and scope of each type of non-audit service provided means that auditor independence was not compromised.


                        Indemnification and insurance of directors and officers
                        The Company’s Constitution requires the Company to indemnify any person who is, or has been, an officer of the Company, including
                        the Directors and other executive officers, against the liabilities incurred while acting as such officers to the extent permitted by law. In
                        accordance with the Company’s Constitution, the Company has entered into a Deed of Indemnity, Insurance and Access with each of the
                        Company’s Directors and certain executives. No Ramsay Director or officer of the Company has received benefits under an indemnity
                        from the Company during or since the end of the financial year.
                        The Company agrees to pay a premium in respect of a contract insuring current and former directors and executives of the Company
                        and its subsidiaries against liability that they may incur as an officer of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, including liability for costs
                        and expenses incurred by them in defending civil or criminal proceedings involving them as such officers, with certain exceptions. It is a




For personal use only
                        condition of the insurance contract that no details of the premiums payable or the nature of the liabilities insured are disclosed.


                        Indemnification of auditor
                        As part of the Company’s terms of engagement with Ernst & Young, the Company has agreed to indemnify Ernst & Young to the extent
                        permitted by law and professional regulations, against any losses, liabilities, costs or expenses incurred by Ernst & Young where they arise
                        out of or occur in relation to any negligent, wrongful or wilful act or omission by Ramsay. No payment has been made to Ernst & Young by
                        Ramsay pursuant to this indemnity, either during or since the end of the financial year.


                        Proceedings on behalf of the Company
                        No application has been made under section 237 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) in respect of the Company, and there are no
                        proceedings that a person has brought or intervened in on behalf of the Company under that section.


                        Rounding
                        The amounts contained in this report and in the financial report have been rounded off to the nearest hundred thousand unless otherwise
                        specified under the option available to the Company under ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial / Directors’ Reports) Instrument
                        2016/191. The Company is an entity to which the Instrument applies.


                        Approval
                        Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




                        M.S. SIDDLE                        C.R. McNALLY
                        Chairman                           Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
                        Sydney, 28 September 2023




                        74   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                                                   Ernst & Young                               Tel: +61 2 9248 5555
                                                   200 George Street                           Fax: +61 2 9248 5959
                                                   Sydney NSW 2000 Australia                   ey.com/au
                                                   GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001




                        Auditor’s independence declaration to the Directors of Ramsay Health Care
                        Limited
                        As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of Ramsay Health Care Limited for the financial



                                                                                                                                                                       Year in Review
                        year ended 30 June 2023, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

                        a.    No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in
                              relation to the audit;

                        b.    No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit; and

                        c.    No non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in
                              relation to the audit.




For personal use only
                        This declaration is in respect of Ramsay Health Care Limited and the entities it controlled during
                        the financial year.


                                                                                                                                                                       Our Business


                        Ernst & Young




                                                                                                                                                                    Operating and
                        Ryan Fisk
                        Partner
                        28 September 2023

                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Review




                                                                                                                                                                   Remuneration Report



                                                                                                                                                                       – Audited




                                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ Report
                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Results




                                                                                                                      Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023   75
                        Directors' declaration
                        In accordance with a resolution of the Directors of Ramsay Health Care Limited, we declare that:
                        In the opinion of the Directors:
                        a. the consolidated financial statements and notes of Ramsay Health Care Limited for the year ended 30 June 2023 are in accordance
                           with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                           i. giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2023 and of its performance for the year ended
                              on that date; and
                          ii. complying with Accounting Standards (including the Australian Accounting Interpretations) and the Corporations Regulations 2001;
                        b. the consolidated financial statements and notes also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards as disclosed in the
                           Overview Note;
                        c. there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable;
                        d. this declaration has been made after receiving the declarations required to be made to the Directors in accordance with section 295A
                           of the Corporations Act 2001 for the financial year ended 30 June 2023;
                        e. as at the date of this declaration, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the members of the Closed Group identified in Note 23
                           will be able to meet any obligations or liabilities to which they are or may become subject, by virtue of the Deed of Cross Guarantee.
                        On behalf of the Board




For personal use only
                        M.S. SIDDLE                        C.R. McNALLY
                        Chairman                           Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
                        Sydney, 28 September 2023




                        76   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        6 Financial Results


                        Contents
                        CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT                                                                                                  78


                                                                                                                                                                 Year in Review
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME                                                                                 79

                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION                                                                                   80

                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                                                                                     81

                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS                                                                                           82




For personal use only
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                                                              83




                                                                                                                                                                 Our Business
                        OVERVIEW                                                 83   III ASSETS AND LIABILITIES – OPERATING AND                       105
                        a   Basis of preparation                                 83       INVESTING

                        b   New and amended accounting standards and             83   9    Working capital                                             105
                            interpretations, effective 1 July 2022                    10   Business combinations                                       108
                        c   Accounting standards and interpretations issued or   83   11   Property, plant and equipment                               112
                            amended but not yet effective                             12   Right of use assets                                         114
                        d   Basis of consolidation                               83   13   Intangible assets                                           115

                                                                                                                                                              Operating and
                        e   Significant accounting judgements, estimates         84   14   Impairment testing of goodwill                              118
                            and assumptions
                                                                                      15   Taxes                                                       119
                        f   Current versus non-current classification            84
                                                                                                                                                             Financial Review
                                                                                      16   Other assets/liabilities (net)                              122
                        g   Foreign currency translation                         84   IV RISK MANAGEMENT                                               129
                        I RESULTS FOR THE YEAR                                   85
                                                                                      17   Financial risk management                                   129
                        1   Segment information                                  85   V OTHER INFORMATION                                              132
                        2   Revenue and other income                             87   18   Share based payment plans                                   132
                        3   Expenses                                             90

                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration Report
                                                                                      19   Capital commitments and contingent liabilities              134
                        4   Dividends                                            91   20 Subsequent events                                             134
                        5   Net tangible assets/(liabilities)                    91   21   Related party transactions                                  135

                                                                                                                                                                 – Audited
                        6   Earnings per share                                   92   22 Auditors’ remuneration                                        136
                        II CAPITAL – FINANCING                                   93
                                                                                      23 Information relating to subsidiaries                          137
                        7   Equity                                               94
                                                                                      24 Closed group                                                  140
                        8   Net debt                                             96
                                                                                      25 Parent entity information                                     142
                                                                                      26 Material partly–owned subsidiaries                            142




                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Results




                                                                                                               Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023    77
                        Consolidated Income Statement
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023

                                                                                                                             2023           2022
                                                                                                             Note             $m             $m
                         CONTINUING OPERATIONS
                         Revenue from contracts with customers                                                2.a             14,963.9       13,312.4
                         Interest income                                                                      2.c                  39.9           36.2
                         Other income – income from government grants                                         2.b                 290.2          402.0
                         Other income – income from sale of development assets                                2.c                  14.9             1.8
                         Other income – net profit on disposal of non-current assets                          2.c                  60.3           23.8
                         Total revenue and other income                                                                       15,369.2       13,776.2
                         Employee benefit and contractor costs                                                3                (8,820.3)      (7,731.8)
                         Occupancy costs                                                                                         (610.7)        (577.7)
                         Service costs                                                                                           (541.0)        (506.6)
                         Medical consumables and supplies                                                                      (3,347.7)      (3,107.8)
                         Depreciation, amortisation and impairment                                            3                (1,000.8)        (938.9)
                         Cost of development assets sold                                                                            (7.3)          (1.4)




For personal use only
                         Total expenses, excluding finance costs                                                             (14,327.8)     (12,864.2)
                         Share of (loss)/profit of joint venture                                                                    (0.1)           0.2
                         Profit before tax and finance costs                                                                   1,041.3          912.2
                         Finance costs                                                                        3                  (514.2)        (389.0)
                         Profit before income tax                                                                                527.1          523.2
                         Income tax                                                                          15                  (181.5)        (159.3)
                         Profit after tax from continuing operations                                                             345.6          363.9
                         DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
                         Profit after tax from discontinued operations                                       16.b                 19.9           15.3
                         Net profit after tax for the year                                                                       365.5          379.2
                         Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                67.4          105.2
                         Attributable to owners of the parent                                                                    298.1          274.0
                                                                                                                                 365.5          379.2

                                                                                                                              Cents per      Cents per
                                                                                                                                 Share          Share
                         Earnings per share (EPS) attributable to equity holders of the parent
                           Basic earnings per share (after CARES dividend)                                    6                  125.1          116.3
                           Diluted earnings per share (after CARES dividend)                                  6                  124.8          116.1
                         Earnings per share (EPS) attributable to equity holders of the parent from
                         continuing operations
                           Basic earnings per share (after CARES dividend)                                    6                  116.4          109.6
                           Diluted earnings per share (after CARES dividend)                                  6                  116.1          109.4

                        The above Consolidated Income Statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                        78   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023

                                                                                                                            2023              2022
                                                                                                                             $m                $m
                         Net profit after tax for the year                                                                     365.5             379.2

                         Items that will not be reclassified to net profit
                         Actuarial gain on defined employee benefit obligation                                                    42.9             85.6

                         Items that may be subsequently reclassified to net profit
                         Cash flow hedges


                                                                                                                                                                 Year in Review
                            Taken to equity                                                                                      (41.3)             15.8
                            Transferred to Income Statement                                                                        5.3              18.2
                         Foreign currency translation                                                                           209.2            (115.5)
                         Income tax expense relating to these items                                                              (50.9)            (35.2)
                         Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax                                                          165.2             (31.1)
                         Total comprehensive income                                                                             530.7            348.1
                         Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                93.8            103.3




For personal use only
                         Attributable to owners of the parent                                                                   436.9            244.8



                                                                                                                                                                 Our Business
                                                                                                                                530.7            348.1

                        The above Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                                              Operating and


                                                                                                                                                             Financial Review




                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration Report



                                                                                                                                                                 – Audited




                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Results




                                                                                                                Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023   79
                        Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                        AS AT 30 JUNE 2023

                                                                                                                                2023         2022
                                                                                                               Note              $m           $m
                         ASSETS
                         Current assets
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                              8.a                656.1        314.2
                         Trade and other receivables                                                            9.a              2,266.9      2,330.1
                         Inventories                                                                            9.b                388.6        376.8
                         Derivative financial instruments                                                       8.d                 64.5         11.3
                         Income tax receivables                                                                 15                  48.7         42.2
                         Prepayments                                                                                               191.7        186.4
                         Other current assets                                                                                       28.3         24.5
                                                                                                                                 3,644.8      3,285.5
                         Assets held for sale                                                                   16.b               251.0             -
                         Total current assets                                                                                    3,895.8      3,285.5
                         Non-current assets
                         Other financial assets                                                                                     82.7        100.8
                         Investment in joint ventures                                                           16.a                 0.9        238.1




For personal use only
                         Property, plant and equipment                                                          11               5,238.1      4,806.5
                         Right of use assets                                                                    12               4,949.1      4,629.5
                         Intangible assets                                                                      13               6,163.7      5,820.8
                         Deferred tax assets                                                                    15                 443.7        478.7
                         Prepayments                                                                                                10.6         10.7
                         Derivative financial instruments                                                       8.d                 63.6         45.7
                         Defined employee benefit assets                                                        16.e                55.1         19.2
                         Other receivables                                                                       9.a               126.9         79.0
                         Total non-current assets                                                                               17,134.4     16,229.0
                         TOTAL ASSETS                                                                                           21,030.2     19,514.5
                         LIABILITIES
                         Current liabilities
                         Trade and other creditors                                                              9.c              3,153.9      3,052.0
                         Loans and borrowings                                                                   8.b                 69.9         42.8
                         Lease liabilities                                                                       8.c               416.9        354.8
                         Provisions                                                                             16.c               125.8        196.0
                         Income tax payables                                                                    15                  43.9        102.0
                         Total current liabilities                                                                               3,810.4      3,747.6
                         Non-current liabilities
                         Loans and borrowings                                                                   8.b              5,861.5      5,173.5
                         Lease liabilities                                                                       8.c             5,538.0      5,127.6
                         Provisions                                                                             16.c               367.5        356.8
                         Defined employee benefit liabilities                                                   16.e               172.6        177.0
                         Other creditors                                                                                            98.3         98.6
                         Deferred tax liabilities                                                               15                 358.7        307.2
                         Total non-current liabilities                                                                          12,396.6     11,240.7
                         TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                                      16,207.0     14,988.3
                         NET ASSETS                                                                                              4,823.2      4,526.2
                         EQUITY
                         Issued capital                                                                         7.a              2,216.4      2,197.6
                         Treasury shares                                                                        7.b                 (67.8)        (72.4)
                         Convertible Adjustable Rate Equity Securities (CARES)                                  7.c                252.2         252.2
                         Other reserves                                                                                             (32.7)      (152.6)
                         Retained earnings                                                                                       1,786.7      1,708.7
                         Parent interests                                                                                        4,154.8      3,933.5
                         Non-controlling interests                                                                                 668.4        592.7
                         TOTAL EQUITY                                                                                            4,823.2      4,526.2

                        The above Consolidated Statement of Financial Position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                        80   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023

                                                                              Attributable to Equity Holders of the Parent
                                                                   Issued          Treasury                                                 Non-
                                                                  Capital           Shares      CARES          Other       Retained      controlling
                                                                 (Note 7.a)       (Note 7.b)   (Note 7.c)    Reserves      Earnings       Interests       Total

                                                                    $m              $m            $m           $m              $m            $m            $m
                         As at 1 July 2022                        2,197.6            (72.4)       252.2       (152.6)        1,708.7         592.7       4,526.2
                         Total Comprehensive Income                      -                -            -       121.4            315.5          93.8         530.7
                         Dividends paid                                  -                -            -            -          (237.5)        (18.1)       (255.6)



                                                                                                                                                                           Year in Review
                         Shares issued – Dividend
                                                                      18.8                -            -             -               -            -         18.8
                         Reinvestment Plan
                         Treasury shares vesting to employees            -             4.6             -          (4.6)              -            -               -
                         Share based payment expense
                                                                         -                -            -          3.1                -            -           3.1
                         for employees
                         As at 30 June 2023                       2,216.4            (67.8)       252.2         (32.7)       1,786.7         668.4       4,823.2

                         As at 1 July 2021                        2,197.6            (76.7)       252.2         (91.3)       1,750.9         518.1       4,550.8




For personal use only
                         Total Comprehensive Income                      -                -            -         (64.9)         309.7        103.3          348.1



                                                                                                                                                                           Our Business
                         Dividends paid                                  -                -            -             -         (351.9)        (19.1)       (371.0)
                         Acquisition of subsidiary/non-
                                                                         -                -            -             -               -         (9.6)         (9.6)
                         controlling interest
                         Treasury shares vesting to employees            -             4.3             -          (4.3)              -            -               -
                         Share based payment expense
                                                                         -                -            -          7.9                -            -           7.9
                         for employees
                         As at 30 June 2022                       2,197.6            (72.4)       252.2       (152.6)        1,708.7         592.7       4,526.2

                        The above Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

                                                                                                                                                                        Operating and


                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Review




                                                                                                                                                                       Remuneration Report



                                                                                                                                                                           – Audited




                                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Results




                                                                                                                         Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023    81
                        Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023

                                                                                                                                                                      2023                    2022
                                                                                                                                               Note                    $m                      $m
                          Cash flows from operating activities
                          Receipts from customers                                                                                                                      14,990.4                13,044.0
                          Receipts of government grants                                                                                                                    390.3                    4.2
                          Payments to suppliers and employees                                                                                                         (13,401.1)              (11,728.0)
                          Income tax paid                                                                                                       15                        (234.2)                (229.3)
                          Lease finance costs                                                                                                    3                        (253.0)                (242.2)
                          Other finance costs                                                                                                                             (212.8)                (133.2)
                          Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                               8.a                    1,279.6                   715.5
                          Cash flows from investing activities
                          Purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                                                                                  (720.9)                (708.5)
                          Proceeds from sale of businesses and other non-current assets                                                                                       73.8                   43.0
                          Interest and dividends received                                                                                                                     19.9                    4.4
                          Business combinations, net of cash received                                                                           10                           (86.6)             (1,228.5)




For personal use only
                          Business combination consideration returned from escrow                                                                                                -                1,967.81
                          Acquisition of investments and purchase of non-controlling interests                                                                                   -                  (48.2)
                          Net cash flows (used in)/from investing activities                                                                                              (713.8)                    30.0
                          Cash flows from financing activities
                          Dividends paid to equity holders of the parent                                                                         4                         (218.7)                (351.9)
                          Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                                                        (18.1)                 (19.1)
                          Repayment of lease principal                                                                                                                     (403.2)                (387.8)
                          Payment of refinancing costs                                                                                                                         (2.0)                  (2.1)
                          Proceeds from borrowings                                                                                                                       2,868.8                 5,123.4
                          Repayment of borrowings                                                                                                                       (2,469.2)               (5,773.4)
                          Net cash flows used in financing activities                                                                                                     (242.4)              (1,410.9)
                          Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                                              323.4                 (665.4)
                          Net foreign exchange differences on cash held                                                                                                       18.5                  (25.2)
                          Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year                                                                                                314.2                1,004.8
                          Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year                                                                           8.a                       656.1                   314.2
                        1 $2 billion relates to the business combination amounts held in escrow for the Spire acquisition at 30 June 2021. The proposed Spire acquisition did not proceed and as a result the
                          amounts released during the year ended 30 June 2022 were used to pay down bank loans of the Group.


                        The above Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                        82     Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2023


                        Overview
                                       This section sets out the basis on which the Ramsay Group’s financial report is prepared as a whole. Where a significant
                                       accounting policy is specific to a note, the policy is described within that note.




                                                                                                                                                                            Year in Review
                        The consolidated financial report of Ramsay Health Care Limited         • AASB 2020-3 Amendment to AASB 9 Financial Instruments
                        (the Group) for the year ended 30 June 2023 was authorised                – Fees in the ‘10 per cent’ Test for Derecognition of
                        for issue on 28 September 2023 in accordance with a resolution            Financial Liabilities
                        of the Directors. Ramsay Health Care Limited is a for profit            • AASB 2020-3 Amendments to AASB 116 Property, Plant and
                        company limited by shares incorporated in Australia whose shares          Equipment – Proceeds before Intended Use
                        are publicly traded on the Australian Securities Exchange. The
                                                                                                • AASB 2020-3 Amendments to AASB 137 Provisions, Contingent
                        nature of the operations and principal activities of the Group are
                                                                                                  Liabilities and Contingent Assets – Onerous Contracts – Cost of
                        described in the Directors' Report.
                                                                                                  Fulfilling a Contract




For personal use only
                                                                                                • AASB 2023-2 Amendments to AASs – International Tax Reform
                        a Basis of preparation                                                    Pillar Two Model Rules


                                                                                                                                                                            Our Business
                        This general purpose financial report:
                        • has been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting            c Accounting standards and
                          Standards, other authoritative pronouncements of the
                          Australian Accounting Standard Board (AASB) and the
                                                                                                  interpretations issued or
                          Corporations Act 2001;                                                  amended but not yet effective
                        • has been prepared on the basis of historical cost, except for         New and amended standards and interpretations issued by the
                          derivative financial instruments;                                     AASB that will apply for the first time in the next annual financial
                        • complies with International Financial Reporting Standards as          statements are not expected to impact the Group as they are

                                                                                                                                                                         Operating and
                          issued by the International Accounting Standards Board;               either not relevant to the Group’s activities or require accounting
                        • is presented in Australian Dollars;                                   which is consistent with the Group’s current accounting policies.
                                                                                                The Group does not early adopt any Australian Accounting

                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Review
                        • presents reclassified comparative information where necessary         Standards and Interpretations issued or amended but are not
                          to conform to changes in presentation in the current year; In         yet effective.
                          addition, on 28 June 2023, the Group classified an investment
                          in joint venture as discontinued operation. In accordance with
                          AASB 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued              d Basis of consolidation
                          Operations, the Group has:                                            The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial
                          – presented the profit or loss from the discontinued operation        statements of Ramsay Health Care Limited (the Company, or the

                                                                                                                                                                        Remuneration Report
                             separately in the Income Statement in the current year and         Parent Entity) and its subsidiaries (together, the Group, or the
                             restated the prior year;                                           consolidated entity) as at and for the period ended 30 June
                          – presented the assets of the discontinued operation as held          each year. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has


                                                                                                                                                                            – Audited
                            for sale, separately from other assets in the Statement of          rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee
                            Financial Position, with no re-presentation of amounts in the       and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over
                            prior year;                                                         the investee.
                        • presents all values as rounded to the nearest hundred thousand        When the Group has less than a majority of the voting or similar
                          dollars, unless otherwise stated under the option available           rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts
                          under ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial / Directors’           and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an
                          Reports) Instrument 2016/191.                                         investee, including:




                                                                                                                                                                            Directors’ Report
                                                                                                • The contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of
                        b New and amended accounting                                              the investee
                          standards and interpretations,                                        • Rights arising from other contractual arrangements

                          effective 1 July 2022                                                 • The Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

                        The Group has adopted all new and amended Australian                    The Group re-assesses whether or not it controls an investee
                        Accounting Standards and Interpretations issued by the AASB             if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to
                        that are relevant to the Group and effective for reporting periods      one or more of the three elements of control. Consolidation
                        beginning on or after 1 July 2022, all of which did not have a          of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over
                                                                                                the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses control of the



                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Results
                        material impact on the financial statements:
                                                                                                subsidiary. Assets, liabilities, income and expenses of a subsidiary
                        • AASB 2020-3 Amendment to AASB 1 First-time Adoption                   acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the
                          of Australian Accounting Standards – Subsidiary as a First-           Consolidated Financial Statements from the date the Group gains
                          time Adopter                                                          control until the date the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.
                        • AASB 2020-3 Amendments to AASB 3 Business Combinations
                          – Reference to the Conceptual Framework




                                                                                                                        Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023      83
                        d Basis of consolidation                                                  • It is due to be settled within twelve months after the
                                                                                                    reporting period
                          (Continued)                                                             • Held primarily for trading, or
                        Profit or loss and each component of Other Comprehensive                  • There is no unconditional right to defer the settlement of the
                        Income (OCI) are attributed to the equity holders of the parent of          liability for at least twelve months after the reporting period.
                        the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results
                        in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. When           The Group classifies all other liabilities as non-current.
                        necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements               Deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified as non-current
                        of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line with           assets and liabilities.
                        the Group’s accounting policies. All intra-group assets and
                        liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
                        transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full          g Foreign currency translation
                        on consolidation.                                                         Both the functional and presentation currency of Ramsay Health
                        A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a             Care Limited and its Australian subsidiaries is Australian dollars
                        loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction. If the        (A$). Each entity in the Group determines its own functional
                        Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related        currency and items included in the financial statements of each
                        assets (including goodwill), liabilities, non-controlling interests and   entity are measured using that functional currency.
                        other components of equity while any resultant gain or loss is            Transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded in the
                        recognised in profit or loss. Any investment retained is recognised       functional currency by applying the exchange rates ruling at
                        at fair value.                                                            the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities
                                                                                                  denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rate of




For personal use only
                        e Significant accounting                                                  exchange ruling at the reporting date.

                          judgements, estimates and                                               Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost
                                                                                                  in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate as at
                          assumptions                                                             the date of the initial transaction. Non-monetary items measured
                                                                                                  at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the
                        In applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has
                                                                                                  exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined.
                        made a number of judgements, estimates and assumptions
                        concerning the future. The key judgements, estimates and                  The functional currencies of the overseas subsidiaries are: British
                        assumptions that are material to the financial statements relate          pounds for the UK entities and Euro for the French entities. As
                        to the following areas:                                                   at the reporting date the assets and liabilities of the overseas
                                                                                                  subsidiaries are translated into the presentation currency of
                                                                                                  Ramsay Health Care Limited at the rate of exchange ruling at
                         Note 2.b        Other income – income from                 Page 88       the reporting date and the Income Statements are translated at
                                         government grants                                        the weighted average exchange rates for the year. The exchange
                         Note 8.c        Lease liabilities                         Page 100       differences arising on the translation are taken directly to a
                         Note 10         Business combinations                     Page 108       separate component of equity.
                         Note 11         Property, plant and equipment              Page 112      On disposal of a foreign entity, the deferred cumulative amount
                         Note 13         Intangible assets                          Page 115      recognised in equity relating to that particular foreign operation is
                         Note 14         Impairment testing of goodwill             Page 118      recognised in the Income Statement.
                         Note 15         Taxes                                      Page 119
                         Note 16.b       Assets held for sale                      Page 123
                         Note 16.c       Provisions                                Page 125
                         Note 16.e       Defined employee                          Page 127
                                         benefit obligation
                         Note 18         Share based payment plans                 Page 132


                        f Current versus non-current
                          classification
                        The Group presents assets and liabilities in the Consolidated
                        Statement of Financial Position based on current/non-current
                        classification. An asset is current when it is:
                        • Expected to be realised or intended to be sold or consumed in
                          the normal operating cycle
                        • Expected to be realised within twelve months after the
                          reporting period
                        • Held primarily for trading, or
                        • Cash and cash equivalent unless restricted from being
                          exchanged or used to settle a liability for at least twelve months
                          after the reporting period.
                        All other assets are classified as non-current.
                        A liability is current when:
                        • It is expected to be settled in the normal operating cycle




                        84    Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        I Results for the Year
                                      This section provides additional information on the Group results for the year, including further detail on results by
                                      segment, revenue, expenses, earnings per share and dividends.




                        1 Segment information

                                      The Managing Director examines the Group’s performance and allocates resources from a geographic perspective



                                                                                                                                                                          Year in Review
                                      and has identified four different business units. The segment information discloses the financial performance and total
                                      assets and liabilities of each operating business.



                        Identification of reportable segments
                        The Group has identified its operating segments based on the internal reports that are reviewed and used by the Managing Director (the
                        chief operating decision maker) in assessing performance and in determining the allocation of resources.




For personal use only
                        The operating segments are identified by management based primarily on the country in which the service is provided, as this is the
                        Group’s major risk and has the most effect on the rate of return, due to differing currencies and differing health care systems in the


                                                                                                                                                                          Our Business
                        respective countries. The Group has four reportable operating segments being Asia Pacific, UK, France and Nordics.
                        On 28 June 2023, the Group classified an investment in joint ventures as a discontinued operation, which was included in the Asia
                        Pacific Segment. Consequently, the profit or loss from the investment classified as a discontinued operation is no longer presented in the
                        segment disclosures from continuing operations for both the current and prior year. Refer to Note 16.b for further details.
                        Discrete financial information about each of these operating businesses is reported to the Managing Director on at least a monthly basis.

                        Types of services
                        The reportable operating segments derive their revenue primarily from providing health care services to both public and private patients
                                                                                                                                                                       Operating and
                        in the community.

                        Accounting policies and inter-segment transactions
                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Review
                        Transfer prices between operating segments are on an arm’s length basis in a manner similar to transactions with third parties.
                        Segment revenue, segment expense and segment results include transfers between the segments. These transfers are eliminated
                        on consolidation.
                        The accounting policies used by the Group in reporting segments are the same as those contained throughout the accounts and in
                        prior periods.

                                                                                                                                                                      Remuneration Report
                        Segment revenue reconciliation to Income Statement


                                                                                                                                                                          – Audited
                                                                                                                                      2023               2022
                                                                                                                                       $m                 $m
                         Total segment revenue and other income                                                                       15,339.1           13,747.1
                         Intersegment revenue elimination                                                                                  (9.8)              (7.1)
                         Interest income                                                                                                  39.9               36.2
                         Total revenue and other income                                                                               15,369.2           13,776.2




                                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Results




                                                                                                                         Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023   85
                        1 Segment information (Continued)
                                                                                                                                  Asia              UK             France          Nordics               Total
                                                                                                                                 Pacific
                                                                                                                                  $m                $m               $m                $m                 $m
                          Year ended 30 June 2023
                          Revenue from contracts with customers                                                                5,682.9           1,941.2          5,007.6          2,332.2            14,963.9
                          Other income – income from government grants                                                                -                 -           277.4             12.8               290.2
                          Other income – income from sale of development assets                                                   14.9                  -                -                -               14.9
                          Other income – net profit on disposal of non-current assets                                              3.4                  -             6.2             50.7                60.3
                          Total revenue and other income before intersegment revenue                                           5,701.2           1,941.2          5,291.2          2,395.7            15,329.3
                          Intersegment revenue                                                                                     9.8                  -                -                -                9.8
                          Total segment revenue and other income                                                               5,711.0           1,941.2          5,291.2          2,395.7            15,339.1

                          Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and                                           797.0            208.9            862.9             280.8             2,149.6
                          rent (EBITDAR)1
                          Rent2                                                                                                     (10.7)             (2.6)        (111.6)            (22.5)             (147.4)
                          Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and                                                         786.3            206.3            751.3             258.3             2,002.2
                          amortisation (EBITDA)3
                          Depreciation, amortisation and impairment                                                               (229.8)          (142.5)          (457.6)          (170.9)            (1,000.8)
                          Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT)4                                                                556.5              63.8           293.7              87.4             1,001.4




For personal use only
                          Net finance costs                                                                                                                                                               (474.3)
                          Income tax expense                                                                                                                                                              (181.5)
                          Profit after tax from continuing operations                                                                                                                                     345.6
                          Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                                                                         (67.4)
                          Net profit from continuing operations attributable to owners of
                          the parent                                                                                                                                                                       278.2


                          Year ended 30 June 2022
                          Revenue from contracts with customers                                                                5,343.7           1,321.5          4,646.3          2,000.9            13,312.4
                          Other income – income from government grants                                                                -                 -           357.1             44.9               402.0
                          Other income – income from sale of development assets                                                    1.8                  -                -                -                1.8
                          Other income – net profit on disposal of non-current assets                                              8.6                  -            13.7              1.5                23.8
                          Total revenue and other income before intersegment revenue                                           5,354.1           1,321.5          5,017.1          2,047.3            13,740.0
                          Intersegment revenue                                                                                     7.1                  -                -                -                7.1
                          Total segment revenue and other income                                                               5,361.2           1,321.5          5,017.1          2,047.3            13,747.1

                          Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and                                           710.2              82.0           927.4             232.7             1,952.3
                          rent (EBITDAR)1
                          Rent2                                                                                                     (11.9)             (1.9)        (101.0)            (22.6)             (137.4)
                          Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and                                                         698.3              80.1           826.4             210.1             1,814.9
                          amortisation (EBITDA)3
                          Depreciation, amortisation and impairment                                                               (246.3)          (106.3)          (448.2)          (138.1)              (938.9)
                          Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT)4                                                                452.0             (26.2)          378.2              72.0               876.0
                          Net finance costs                                                                                                                                                               (352.8)
                          Income tax expense                                                                                                                                                              (159.3)
                          Profit after tax from continuing operations                                                                                                                                     363.9
                          Attributable to non-controlling interests                                                                                                                                       (105.2)
                          Net profit from continuing operations attributable to owners of
                          the parent                                                                                                                                                                       258.7

                        1 "EBITDAR" is a non-statutory profit measure and represents profit before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation, impairment and rent.
                        2 Rent includes rental costs of short term or low value assets together with any related rent costs, including rent related taxes that could not be capitalised as part of lease liabilities.
                        3 "EBITDA" is a non-statutory profit measure and represents profit before interest, tax, depreciation, amortisation and impairment.
                        4 "EBIT" is a non-statutory profit measure and represents profit before interest and tax.


                                                                                                                                                                        Adjustments
                                                                                                                                                                             &
                                                                      Asia Pacific                  UK                     France                  Nordics              Eliminations                   Total
                                                                          $m                        $m                       $m                     $m                      $m1                         $m
                          As at 30 June 2023
                          Assets & liabilities
                          Segment assets                                     8,903.5                 5,199.3                10,179.3                   2,800.7                 (6,052.6)               21,030.2
                          Segment liabilities                               (4,042.7)               (5,047.6)                (7,829.8)                (1,623.6)                 2,336.7               (16,207.0)

                          As at 30 June 2022
                          Assets & liabilities
                          Segment assets                                     8,387.2                 4,827.5                  9,242.9                  2,644.6                 (5,587.7)               19,514.5
                          Segment liabilities                               (3,847.6)               (4,467.7)                (6,981.1)                (1,603.7)                 1,911.8               (14,988.3)
                        1 Adjustments and eliminations consist of investments in subsidiaries and intercompany balances, which are eliminated on consolidation.




                        86     Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        2 Revenue and other income

                                      The Group primarily derives revenue from providing health care and related services to both public and private patients
                                      in the community.




                        2.a Revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                                                                                   2023               2022
                                                                                                                                    $m                 $m
                        Revenue from patients                                                                                      14,379.6           12,666.1


                                                                                                                                                                          Year in Review
                        Revenue from governments under COVID support contracts                                                          1.7              138.4
                        Rental revenue                                                                                                 99.2               91.9
                        Revenue from ancillary services                                                                               483.4              416.0
                        Revenue from contracts with customers                                                                      14,963.9           13,312.4




For personal use only
                                       Accounting Policies


                                                                                                                                                                          Our Business
                          Revenue is recognised and measured at the amount of the consideration received or receivable to the extent that the
                          performance obligations under contracts have been satisfied and the revenue can be reliably measured. The following specific
                          recognition criteria must also be met before revenue is recognised:

                          Revenue from patients
                          Revenue from patients is recognised on the date on which the services are provided to the patient.

                          Revenue from governments under COVID support contracts
                          Since 2020, specific contracts have been entered into with various government bodies under which Ramsay made available
                                                                                                                                                                       Operating and
                          its facilities and services, including equipment and staff, to assist with the respective government’s response to the COVID
                          pandemic. Each of the revenue agreements are specific to each government body as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Review
                          Australia
                          Agreements with the state governments of NSW, WA, QLD and VIC (each a State) commenced from either 31 March or 1 April
                          2020, with various expiry dates and, in some cases, “Pause and Restart” mechanisms, depending on State requirements. In
                          return for the commitment to maintain full workforce capacity at the facilities, Ramsay has received, and recognised as revenue,
                          net recoverable costs (being recoverable costs less any revenue generated from operations, calculated on an accruals basis).
                          Recoverable costs include direct operating costs, service costs, corporate overhead costs (to the extent related to the provision of
                          service), depreciation associated with pre-existing capital, which is owned, and depreciation associated with lease assets. Interest

                                                                                                                                                                      Remuneration Report
                          and debt servicing costs are excluded.
                          Recoverable costs and revenue amounts were aggregated quarterly with each quarter considered separately. Where the revenue
                          amounts exceed recoverable costs the payment for that quarter was deemed to be zero.

                                                                                                                                                                          – Audited
                          Details have been disclosed in prior reporting periods.
                          These agreements all terminated on or about 30 September 2022 other than Victoria which terminated on or about
                          2 November 2022.
                          UK
                          Volume based agreements with NHS England were in place in prior years from 1 January 2021 to 31 March 2021 and 10 January
                          2022 to 31 March 2022 respectively. Ramsay was able to continue providing private patient activity during the relevant periods.



                                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report
                          Rental revenue
                          Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Contingent rental income is recognised as income in
                          the periods in which it is earned. Lease incentives granted are recognised in the Income Statement as an integral part of the total
                          rental income.

                          Revenue from ancillary services
                          Income from ancillary services is recognised on the date the services are provided to the customer.




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Results




                                                                                                                      Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023      87
                        2 Revenue and other income (Continued)
                        2.b Other income – income from government grants
                                                                                                                                        2023                  2022
                                                                                                                                         $m                    $m
                         Other income – income from government grants                                                                      290.2                 402.0




                                         Accounting Policies

                             Income from Government Grants
                             Government grants are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all the attached
                             conditions will be complied with. Grants are accounted for on a gross basis in revenue and expenses, by the Group. Where
                             retention of a government grant is dependent on the Group satisfying certain criteria, it is initially recognised as deferred income.
                             When the criteria for retention have been satisfied, the deferred income balance is recognised as other income.




For personal use only
                                         Key Accounting Judgements, Estimates and Assumptions

                             Ramsay Santé was a beneficiary of the French government decree issued on 6 May 2020 which provided a guarantee of revenue
                             from 1 March 2020 to 31 December 2020, equal to 10/12th of the 2019 calendar year revenue from the government, with some
                             small indexation factor. The French government issued a new decree on 13 April 2021 covering the period 1 January 2021 to
                             30 June 2021 which subsequently was extended until 31 December 2021. For the period 1 July 2021 to 31 December 2021, the
                             decree provided a guarantee of revenue equal to the equivalent period of 2020 billed revenue, inclusive of the 2020 revenue
                             guarantee, if any. The law enacted on 22 January 2022 extended the revenue guarantee until 30 June 2022, and a decree
                             gazetted on 24 August 2022 extended the revenue guarantee to 31 December 2022.
                             The decree covering the calendar year 2022 provided a guarantee of revenue equal to the 2021 revenue billed to the Social
                             Security agency, inclusive of the 2021 revenue guarantee and of an indexation for the increase in tariffs for the relevant periods
                             on a prorata basis. The structure of the arrangements up until 31 December 2022 was similar to prior periods, however the
                             decree covering the calendar year 2022 excluded mental health services now reimbursed under a bundled payment structure.
                             The French Government has extended its support to the industry through a modified revenue guarantee scheme for the calendar
                             year up to 31 December 2023. This new guarantee amounts to 70% of the 2022 guarantee (tariff adjusted) plus 30% of the
                             period billings. If the total actual billings over the period were below the guaranteed revenue, then Ramsay Santé is entitled to
                             the shortfall.
                             The guarantee is assessed on a facility by facility basis and is calculated based on activity for the entire period covered by
                             the decree.
                             As the final square up of the revenue guarantee for the year ended 30 June 2023 will not be performed until FY24 and FY25,
                             the grant income recognised for Ramsay Santé is based on the amount we are reasonably assured will be received, at the time of
                             issuing the Ramsay Group financial statements. This may result in a different amount being received. Any resulting difference will
                             be recognised in the Ramsay Group results in the period the final square up is performed.




                        88    Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        2 Revenue and other income (Continued)
                        2.c Other income - miscellaneous
                                                                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                                                                      $m                $m
                         Interest income                                                                                                 39.9              36.2
                         Other income – income from sale of development assets                                                           14.9               1.8
                         Other income – net profit on disposal of non-current assets                                                     60.3              23.8
                                                                                                                                        115.1              61.8




                                                                                                                                                                          Year in Review
                                       Accounting Policies

                           Interest income
                           Revenue is recognised as interest accrues using the effective interest method. This is a method of calculating the amortised cost
                           of a financial asset and allocating the interest income over the relevant period using the effective interest rate (EIR), which is
                           the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to the net carrying




For personal use only
                           amount of the financial asset.



                                                                                                                                                                          Our Business
                           Income from sale of development assets
                           Income from sale of development assets is recognised when the control of the development asset is transferred to the purchaser.

                           Net profit on disposal of non-current assets
                           Non-current assets include Property, plant and equipment and Intangible assets. Refer to Note 11 and Note 13 for details on the
                           accounting policies.




                                                                                                                                                                       Operating and


                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Review




                                                                                                                                                                      Remuneration Report



                                                                                                                                                                          – Audited




                                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Results




                                                                                                                       Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023     89
                        3 Expenses

                                        A breakdown of specific expenses helps users understand the financial performance of the Group.




                                                                                                                                         2023               2022
                                                                                                                       Note               $m                 $m
                         (i) Depreciation
                         Depreciation – Plant and equipment                                                             11                   322.5                309.9
                         Depreciation – Buildings                                                                       11                   169.8                154.8
                         Depreciation – Right of use assets – Leased property                                           12                   366.8                343.2
                         Depreciation – Right of use assets – Leased plant and equipment                                12                    81.2                 73.9
                         Total                                                                                                               940.3                881.8

                         (ii) Amortisation
                         Amortisation – Service concession assets                                                       13                    22.0                 25.1
                         Amortisation – Other                                                                           13                    26.8                 20.7
                         Total                                                                                                                48.8                 45.8




For personal use only
                         (iii) Impairment
                         Net reversal of impairment – Plant and equipment                                               11                     (1.9)                   -
                         (Net reversal of impairment)/Impairment – Land and buildings                                   11                     (0.9)                5.3
                         Impairment – Right of use asset – Property                                                     12                    14.5                     -
                         Impairment – Intangible assets                                                                 13                        -                 6.0
                         Total                                                                                                                11.7                 11.3

                         Total depreciation, amortisation and impairment                                                                   1,000.8                938.9

                         (iv) Property rental costs (included in occupancy costs)
                         Expenses relating to short term leases                                                         8.c                   14.8                 15.2
                         Expenses relating to leases of low value assets                                                8.c                    5.3                  5.8
                         Variable lease payments                                                                        8.c                    0.8                  0.9

                         (v) Employee benefit and contractor costs
                         Wages and salaries                                                                                                7,281.4            6,293.1
                         Workers’ compensation                                                                                                13.7                8.7
                         Superannuation                                                                                                      237.0              211.5
                         Termination benefits                                                                                                 17.5               17.9
                         Social charges and contributions on wages and salaries                                                              969.0              881.7
                         Other employment                                                                                                    293.7              305.9
                         Share-based payments (expenses arising from transactions accounted for as
                         equity-settled share-based payment transactions)                                                                      8.0              13.0
                         Total                                                                                                             8,820.3           7,731.8

                         (vi) Finance costs
                         Interest expenses                                                                                                   265.4                148.0
                         Finance charges – Lease liability                                                              8.c                  253.0                242.2
                                                                                                                                             518.4                390.2
                         Finance costs capitalised                                                                                             (4.2)                (1.2)
                         Total                                                                                                               514.2                389.0




                                         Accounting Policies

                             Finance Costs
                             Finance costs include interest, amortisation of discounts or premiums related to borrowings and other costs incurred in
                             connection with the arrangement of borrowings. Financing costs are expensed as incurred unless they relate to a qualifying
                             asset. A qualifying asset is an asset which generally takes more than 12 months to get ready for its intended use or sale. In
                             these circumstances, the financing costs are capitalised to the cost of the asset. Where funds are borrowed by the Group for
                             the acquisition or construction of a qualifying asset, the amount of financing costs capitalised are those incurred in relation to
                             that borrowing.




                        90    Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        4 Dividends

                                           Dividends are a portion of Ramsay Group’s profit that are paid out to its shareholders, in return for their investment.




                                                                                                                                                                         Parent Entity
                                                                                                                                                                     2023            2022
                                                                                                                                                                      $m               $m
                          (i) Dividends determined and paid during the year on ordinary shares:
                          Current year interim dividend paid



                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Year in Review
                          Franked dividends – ordinary
                          (50.0 cents per share) (2022: 48.5 cents per share)                                                                                             114.0                  111.0
                          Previous year final dividend paid
                          Franked dividends – ordinary
                          (48.5 cents per share) (2022: 103.0 cents per share)                                                                                            110.5                  231.9
                                                                                                                                                                          224.5                  342.9

                          (ii) Dividends proposed and not recognised as a liability on ordinary shares:




For personal use only
                          Current year final dividend proposed
                          Franked dividends – ordinary


                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Our Business
                          (25.0 cents per share) (2022: 48.5 cents per share)                                                                                               57.1                 110.5

                          (iii) Dividends determined and paid during the year on CARES:
                          Current year interim and previous year final dividend paid
                          Franked dividends – CARES                                                                                                                         13.0                     9.0

                          (iv) Dividends proposed and not recognised as a liability on CARES:
                          Current year final dividend proposed
                          Franked dividends – CARES                                                                                                                          8.0                     5.3
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Operating and
                          (v) Franking credit balance

                                                                                                                                                                                                              Financial Review
                          The amount of franking credits available for the subsequent financial year are:
                             franking account balance as at the end of the financial year at 30% (2022: 30%)                                                              890.7                  851.9
                             franking credits that will arise from the payment of income tax payable as at the end of the
                             financial year1                                                                                                                               13.6                   16.1
                                                                                                                                                                          904.3                  868.0
                          The amount of franking credits available for future reporting periods:
                            impact on the franking account of dividends proposed or determined before the financial report

                                                                                                                                                                                                              Remuneration Report
                            was authorised for issue but not recognised as a distribution to equity holders during the period                                              (27.9)                 (49.9)
                                                                                                                                                                          876.4                  818.1
                        1 As Ramsay Health Care Ltd and its 100% owned Australian subsidiaries have formed a tax consolidated group, effective 1 July 2003, this represents the current tax payable for the


                                                                                                                                                                                                                  – Audited
                          Australian group.


                        The tax rate at which paid dividends have been franked is 30% (2022: 30%). $65.1 million (2022: $116.3 million) of the proposed dividends
                        will be franked at the rate of 30% (2022: 30%).


                        5 Net tangible assets/(liabilities)


                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’ Report
                                           Net Tangible Assets/(Liabilities) (NTA) are the total assets minus intangible assets and total liabilities, divided by the
                                           number of ordinary shares of the Company currently on issue at the reporting date. Net tangible assets/(liabilities)
                                           include right of use assets as the underlying leases are for physical assets.



                                                                                                                                                                    2023                    2022
                                                                                                                                                                 $ per Share             $ per Share
                          Net tangible (liabilities) per ordinary share                                                                                                 (6.22)                  (6.41)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Results




                                                                                                                                                    Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023               91
                        6 Earnings per share

                                      Earnings per share is the portion of post-tax profit allocated to each Ramsay ordinary share.




                                                                                     2023                                                2022
                                                                  Continuing      Discontinued                       Continuing       Discontinued
                                                                  operations       operations          Total         operations        operations         Total
                                                                     $m                $m               $m              $m                 $m              $m
                         Net profit for the year attributable
                         to owners of the parent                        278.2             19.9            298.1            258.7             15.3           274.0
                         Less: dividend paid on
                         Convertible Adjustable Rate Equity
                         Securities (CARES)                              (13.0)               -           (13.0)             (9.0)                 -           (9.0)
                         Profit used in calculating basic
                         and diluted (after CARES dividend)
                         earnings per share                             265.2             19.9            285.1            249.7             15.3           265.0

                                                                                                                                       2023              2022




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                     Number of         Number of
                                                                                                                                     Shares (m)        Shares (m)
                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in calculating basic earnings per share                          227.9             227.8
                         Effect of dilution – share rights not yet vested                                                                    0.5               0.5
                         Weighted average number of ordinary shares adjusted for the effect of dilution                                   228.4             228.3

                        The share rights granted to Executives but not yet vested, have the potential to dilute basic earnings per share.
                        The denominator for the purpose of calculating both basic and diluted earnings per share in 2022 has been adjusted to reflect the shares
                        issued under the Dividend Reinvestment Plan in 2023, at less than market value.
                        There have been no other transactions involving ordinary shares or potential ordinary shares between the reporting date and the date of
                        completion of these financial statements.

                                                                                     2023                                                2022
                                                                  Continuing      Discontinued                       Continuing       Discontinued
                                                                  operations       operations         Total          operations        operations         Total
                                                                  Cents per        Cents per        Cents per        Cents per         Cents per        Cents per
                                                                    Share            Share           Share             Share             Share           Share
                         Earnings per share (EPS)
                         attributable to equity holders of
                         the parent
                            Basic earnings per share (after
                            CARES dividend)                             116.4              8.7            125.1            109.6              6.7           116.3
                            Diluted earnings per share (after
                            CARES dividend)                             116.1              8.7            124.8            109.4              6.7           116.1


                        Calculation of earnings per share
                        Basic earnings per share
                        Basic earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing net profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
                        (after deducting the CARES dividend) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.

                        Diluted earnings per share
                        Diluted earnings per share amounts are calculated by dividing the net profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent
                        (after deducting the CARES dividend) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year plus the
                        weighted average number of ordinary shares that would be issued on the conversion of all the dilutive potential ordinary shares into
                        ordinary shares.




                        92   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        II Capital – Financing
                                           This section discusses how the Ramsay Group manages funds and maintains capital structure, including bank
                                           borrowings, related finance costs and access to capital markets.




                        How the Group manages its capital – Financing
                        The Group manages its capital structure with the objective of ensuring it will be able to continue as a going concern as well as maintaining
                        optimal returns to shareholders and benefits for its stakeholders. The Group also aims to maintain a capital structure that is consistent with
                        its targeted credit ratings, ensuring sufficient headroom is available within such ratings to support its growth strategies at an optimised



                                                                                                                                                                                 Year in Review
                        weighted average cost of capital. Prudent liquidity reserves in the form of committed undrawn bank debt facilities or cash are maintained
                        in order to accommodate its expenditures and potential market disruption.
                        The Group may raise or retire debt, adjust its dividend policy, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or financial instruments
                        containing characteristics of equity, or sell assets to reduce debt in order to achieve the optimal capital structure.
                        The Group’s capital is comprised of equity plus net debt. Net debt is calculated as interest bearing liabilities plus derivatives relating to
                        debt, less cash assets.




For personal use only
                        During 2023, dividends of $237.5 million (2022: $351.9 million) were paid. For the year ended 30 June 2023, fully franked ordinary
                        dividends of 75.0c (2022: 97.0c) per share were determined.



                                                                                                                                                                                 Our Business
                        The Group monitors its capital structure primarily by reference to its debt financial covenants and credit rating gearing metrics. Debt levels
                        under the Group’s financial covenants are assessed relative to the cash operating profits (EBITDA1) of the Group that are used to service
                        debt. This ratio is calculated as Net Debt/EBITDA1 and is 5.5x for the year ended 30 June 2023 (2022: 5.7x), however lending facilities
                        within the Group contain calculations and thresholds specific to each facility and borrowing groups having access to such facilities.
                        The Group has committed senior debt funding with various maturities starting in April 2024 and ending in May 2032. As such, certain
                        subsidiaries must comply with various financial and other undertakings in particular, the following customary financial undertakings:
                        • Total Net Leverage Ratio (Net Debt/EBITDA1)
                        • Interest Cover Ratio (EBITDA1/ Net Interest)

                                                                                                                                                                              Operating and
                        • Minimum Shareholders Funds
                        The facilities maturing in April 2024 have a tenure of one year and are expected to be extended every six months.

                                                                                                                                         2023               2022             Financial Review

                            Details of Capital – Financing are as follows:                                             Note               $m                 $m
                            Equity                                                                                      7                 4,823.2            4,526.2
                            Net Debt                                                                                    8                11,102.1           10,327.5
                                                                                                                                         15,925.3           14,853.7

                                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration Report



                                                                                                                                                                                 – Audited




                                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Results



                        1
                            EBITDA is Earnings before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortisation.




                                                                                                                           Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023        93
                        7 Equity
                                                                                                                                       2023               2022
                                                                                                                     Note               $m                 $m
                         Issued capital                                                                               7.a               2,216.4            2,197.6
                         Treasury shares                                                                              7.b                  (67.8)             (72.4)
                         Convertible Adjustable Rate Equity Securities (CARES)                                        7.c                 252.2              252.2
                         Other reserves                                                                                                    (32.7)           (152.6)
                         Retained earnings                                                                                              1,786.7            1,708.7
                         Non-controlling interests                                                                                        668.4              592.7
                                                                                                                                        4,823.2            4,526.2


                        7.a Issued capital

                                       Issued capital represents the amount of consideration received for the ordinary shares issued by Ramsay Health Care
                                       Limited (the Company).




For personal use only
                        Issued and paid up capital

                                                                                                 2023                2023             2022                2022
                                                                                               Number (m)             $m            Number (m)             $m
                         As at 1 July                                                               228.9             2,197.6            228.9             2,197.6
                         Shares issued – Dividend Reinvestment Plan                                    0.3               18.8                 -                  -
                         As at 30 June                                                              229.2             2,216.4            228.9             2,197.6

                        Terms and conditions of issued capital
                        Ordinary Shares
                        Ordinary shares have the right to receive dividends as declared and, in the event of winding up the Company, to participate in the
                        proceeds from the sale of all surplus assets in proportion to the number of and amounts paid up on shares held. Ordinary shares entitle
                        their holder to one vote, either in person or by proxy, at a meeting of the Company.




                                         Accounting Policies

                             Ordinary shares
                             Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in
                             equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.



                        7.b Treasury shares

                                       Treasury shares are the shares repurchased on the open market, for the share rights issued to employees under the
                                       Employee Share Plan.




                                                                                                                                       2023               2022
                                                                                                                                        $m                 $m
                         1.0 million ordinary shares (30 June 2022: 1.1 million ordinary shares)                                           67.8               72.4

                        Nature & Purpose
                        Treasury shares are shares in the Company held by the Employee Share Plan and are deducted from equity.




                        94    Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        7 Equity (Continued)
                        7.c Convertible Adjustable Rate Equity Securities (CARES)

                                      Convertible Adjustable Rate Equity Securities (CARES) are non-cumulative, redeemable and convertible preference
                                      shares in Ramsay Health Care Limited.




                        Issued and paid up capital

                                                                                                                                   2023               2022


                                                                                                                                                                         Year in Review
                                                                                                                                    $m                 $m
                         2.6 million CARES shares fully paid (30 June 2022: 2.6 million CARES shares fully paid)                      252.2              252.2

                        Terms and conditions of CARES

                         Issuer              Ramsay Health Care Limited
                         Security            Convertible Adjustable Rate Equity Securities (CARES) which are a non-cumulative, redeemable and convertible




For personal use only
                                             preference share in Ramsay.
                         Face Value          $100 Per CARES.



                                                                                                                                                                         Our Business
                         Dividends           The holder of each CARES is entitled to a preferred, non-cumulative, floating rate dividend equal to:
                                             Dividend Entitlement = (Dividend Rate x Face Value x N) / 365
                                             where:
                                             N is the number of days in the Dividend Period
                                             The payment of Dividends is at the Directors’ discretion and is subject to there being funds legally
                                             available for the payment of Dividends and the restrictions which apply in certain circumstances under the
                                             financing arrangements.
                                             If declared, the first Dividend will be payable on each CARES in arrears on 20 October 2005 and thereafter on
                                             each 20 April and 20 October until CARES are converted or exchanged.

                                                                                                                                                                      Operating and
                         Dividend Rate       The Dividend Rate for each Dividend Period is calculated as:
                                             Dividend Rate = (Market Rate + Margin) x (1-T)
                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Review
                                             where:
                                             The Market Rate is the 180 day Bank Bill Swap Rate applying on the first day of the Dividend Period expressed as
                                             a percentage per annum.
                                             The Margin for the period to 20 October 2010 was 2.85% per annum. It was determined by the Bookbuild held on
                                             26 April 2005.
                                             T is the prevailing Australian corporate tax rate applicable on the Allotment Date.


                                                                                                                                                                     Remuneration Report
                                             As Ramsay did not convert or exchange by 20 October 2010, the Margin was increased by a one-time step up of
                                             2.00% (200 basis points) per annum.
                         Step-up             One-time 2.00% (200 basis points) step-up in the Margin at 20 October 2010

                                                                                                                                                                         – Audited
                         Franking            Ramsay expects the Dividends paid on CARES to be fully franked. If a Dividend is not fully franked, the Dividend
                                             will be grossed up to compensate for the unfranked component.
                                             If, on a Dividend Payment Date, the Australian corporate tax rate differs from the Australian corporate tax rate on
                                             the Allotment Date, the Dividend will be adjusted downwards or upwards accordingly.
                         Conversion or       CARES have no maturity. Ramsay may convert or exchange some or all CARES at its election for shares or $100 in
                         exchange by         cash for each CARES on 20 October 2010 and each Dividend Payment Date thereafter.
                         Ramsay



                                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ Report
                                             Ramsay also has the right to:
                                             • convert or exchange CARES after the occurrence of a Regulatory Event; and
                                             • convert CARES on the occurrence of a Change in Control Event.
                                             Ramsay cannot elect to convert or exchange only some CARES if such conversion or exchange would result in
                                             there being less than $50 million in aggregate Face Value of CARES on issue.
                         Conversion          The rate at which CARES will convert into Shares will be calculated by reference to the market price of Shares
                         Ratio               during 20 business days immediately preceding, but not including, the conversion date, less a conversion
                                             discount of 2.5%. An adjustment is made to the market price calculation in the case of a Change in Control
                                             Event. The Conversion Ratio for each CARES will not be greater than 400 shares.




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Results
                         Ranking             CARES rank equally amongst themselves in all respects and are subordinated to all creditors but rank in priority
                                             to Shares.
                         Participation       Unless CARES are converted into Shares, CARES confer no rights to subscribe for new shares in any fundraisings
                                             by Ramsay or to participate in any bonus or rights issues by Ramsay.
                         Voting Rights       CARES do not carry a right to vote at general meeting of Ramsay except in limited circumstances.




                                                                                                                       Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023    95
                        8 Net debt
                                                                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                                                   Note               $m                $m
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  8.a                  656.1             314.2
                         Loans and borrowings – current                                                             8.b                   (69.9)            (42.8)
                         Lease liabilities – current                                                                8.c                 (416.9)           (354.8)
                         Loans and borrowings – non-current                                                         8.b               (5,861.5)         (5,173.5)
                         Lease liabilities – non-current                                                            8.c               (5,538.0)         (5,127.6)
                         Net derivative assets / (liabilities) – debt related                                       8.d                  128.1               57.0
                                                                                                                                    (11,102.1)        (10,327.5)


                        8.a Cash and cash equivalents

                                       Cash and cash equivalents comprise of cash at bank, cash on hand and short-term deposits with a maturity of less
                                       than three months. This note presents the amount of cash on hand at year end, together with further reconciliations in
                                       relation to the Statement of Cash Flows.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                    2023              2022
                                                                                                                                     $m                $m
                         Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                      656.1             314.2

                        Cash at bank earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term deposits are made for varying periods of
                        between one day and three months, depending on the immediate cash requirements of the Group, and earn interest at the respective
                        short-term deposit rates.




                                         Accounting Policies

                             Cash and cash equivalents
                             Cash and short-term deposits in the Statement of Financial Position comprise cash at bank and on hand and short-term deposits
                             with an original maturity of three months or less.
                             For the purposes of the Statement of Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash equivalents as defined
                             above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts and restricted cash.




                        Reconciliation to Statement of Cash Flows

                                                                                                                                    2023              2022
                                                                                                                                     $m                $m
                         For the purposes of the Statement of Cash Flows, cash and cash
                         equivalents comprise the following at 30 June
                         Cash at bank and on hand                                                                                       656.1             314.2




                        96    Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        8 Net debt (Continued)
                        Reconciliation of net profit after tax to net cash flows from operations

                                                                                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                                                      $m                     $m
                         Net profit after tax for the year                                                                              365.5                  379.2
                         Adjustments for:
                         Share of profit of joint venture                                                                                   (19.8)              (15.5)
                         Depreciation, amortisation and impairment                                                                       1,000.8               938.9
                         Interest received                                                                                                  (39.9)              (36.2)
                         Share-based payments                                                                                                 8.0                13.0
                         Net profit on disposal of non-current assets                                                                       (60.3)              (23.8)


                                                                                                                                                                              Year in Review
                         Other                                                                                                                0.7                18.7
                         Changes in assets & liabilities:
                         Deferred tax                                                                                                        44.2               (55.0)
                         Receivables                                                                                                       118.2              (664.8)
                         Other assets                                                                                                         (2.5)               (8.9)
                         Creditors, accruals and other liabilities                                                                           58.6              179.7
                         Provisions                                                                                                         (86.7)              (22.9)




For personal use only
                         Inventories                                                                                                        (14.2)               28.2



                                                                                                                                                                              Our Business
                         Current tax                                                                                                        (93.0)              (15.1)
                         Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                        1,279.6              715.5

                        Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                                                         Disposal/
                                                                                                                        Termination
                                                       As at                        Foreign                                  or                              As at
                                                       1 July           Cash       Exchange     New           Business Reassessment                         30 June
                                                       2022             Flows      Movement    Leases       Combinations of Leases            Other          2023

                                                        $m               $m          $m         $m              $m             $m              $m             $m           Operating and


                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Review
                         Loans and borrowings
                         – current                        42.8            19.5          3.9             -            -               -                3.7       69.9
                         Loans and borrowings
                         – non-current                5,173.5            380.1       207.4          -              2.5              -            98.0        5,861.5
                         Lease Liabilities            5,482.4           (403.2)      345.9      486.8                -           43.0               -        5,954.9
                         Total                       10,698.7              (3.6)     557.2      486.8              2.5           43.0           101.7       11,886.3



                                                                                                                                                                          Remuneration Report
                                                                                                                         Disposal/
                                                                                                                        Termination
                                                       As at                        Foreign                                  or                              As at


                                                                                                                                                                              – Audited
                                                       1 July           Cash       Exchange     New           Business Reassessment                         30 June
                                                       2021             Flows      Movement    Leases       Combinations of Leases            Other          2022
                                                        $m               $m           $m         $m             $m          $m                 $m             $m
                         Loans and borrowings
                         – current                        51.7          (658.9)        (8.7)            -       658.9                -            (0.2)         42.8
                         Loans and borrowings
                         – non-current                5,229.0            8.9         (122.0)        -             24.1              -            33.5        5,173.5




                                                                                                                                                                              Directors’ Report
                         Lease Liabilities            5,271.0         (387.8)        (226.8)    310.3            514.1            1.6               -        5,482.4
                         Total                       10,551.7       (1,037.8)        (357.5)    310.3          1,197.1            1.6            33.3       10,698.7

                        Disclosure of financing facilities
                        Refer to Note 8.b.




                                                                                                                                                                              Financial Results




                                                                                                                         Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023       97
                        8 Net debt (Continued)
                        8.b Loans and borrowings

                                           This note outlines the Group's loans and borrowings, which are predominantly from banks and other financial
                                           institutions, with varying maturities.




                                                                                                                                                                          2023                     2022
                                                                                                                                                Maturity                   $m                       $m
                          Current
                          Secured bank loans:
                          € Bi-lateral Facilities1                                                                                         Up to Jun 2024                        69.9                     42.8
                          Total current loans and borrowings                                                                                                                     69.9                     42.8

                          Non-current
                          Unsecured bank and other financial institution loans:
                          A$ 1,500,000,000 Syndicated Facility Loan2                                                                        Up to Jul 2026                   1,496.9                  1,443.2




For personal use only
                          A$ 513,750,000 Syndicated Facility Loan3                                                                               Dec 2024                      513.4                    599.5
                          A$ Bi-lateral Facilities4                                                                                         Up to Jul 2025                     164.0                        -
                          A$ 100,000,000 Bi-lateral Term Loan5                                                                                   Nov 2024                       99.9                        -
                          € 300,000,000 Syndicated Facility Loan6                                                                                Oct 2024                      491.0                    455.6
                                                                                                                                                                             2,765.2                  2,498.3
                          Secured bank loans:
                          € 1,650,000,000 Syndicated Term Loan7                                                                            Up to Apr 2027                    2,361.7                  2,188.2
                                                                                                                                                Up to May
                          € Bi-lateral Facilities    1
                                                                                                                                                                                571.0                   335.1
                                                                                                                                                     2032
                                                                                                                                                                             2,932.7                  2,523.3
                          Secured/Unsecured corporate notes:
                                                                                                                                                   Up to Dec
                          € 100,000,000 Sustainability Linked Euro Private Placement Notes8                                                                                     163.6                   151.9
                                                                                                                                                       2029
                          Total non-current loans and borrowings                                                                                                             5,861.5                 5,173.5
                          Total loans and borrowings                                                                                                                         5,931.4                 5,216.3
                        1 Euro bi-lateral facilities are secured by a first charge over certain Ramsay Santé and controlled entities’ land, buildings and the shares of real estate subsidiaries. These loans are
                          repayable in instalments over the term of the facilities.
                        2 Sustainability linked syndicated revolving bank debt facility with equal tranches which mature over 3 years, 4 years and 5 years.
                        3 Syndicated revolving bank debt facility. Facility was reduced in December 2022 from A$600 million to A$513.8 million. This facility was subsequently repaid and terminated on
                          5 July 2023 via the new bilateral facilities established in June 2023.
                        4 Bilateral revolving bank debt facility.
                        5 Bi-lateral term loan facility and repayable in full on maturity.
                        6 Syndicated revolving bank debt facility. This facility was repaid and terminated on 5 July 2023 via the new bilateral facilities established in June 2023.
                        7 Sustainability linked syndicated term loan facilities repayable in full on maturity. The lenders only have recourse to Ramsay Santé and certain Ramsay Santé controlled entities.
                        8 Euro Private Placement Notes, maturing in December 2028 and December 2029.


                        Ramsay and its wholly owned subsidiaries
                        A$500 million, A$305 million and A$1,500 million in new bi-lateral facilities was established during November 2022, April 2023 and June
                        2023 respectively. These facilities are for general corporate purposes and to reduce refinancing risk in relation to maturities in FY25.
                        The covenant package, group guarantees and other terms and conditions in respect of the debt facilities are governed under a Common
                        Terms Deed Poll (CTDP).

                        Ramsay Santé and controlled entities
                        Ramsay Santé issued a new 10-year amortising bilateral facility for EUR150 million secured by a first charge over certain Ramsay Santé
                        and controlled entities‘ land and buildings.




                        98     Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        8 Net debt (Continued)
                        Fair values
                        The fair values of the Group’s interest bearing loans and borrowings are determined by using the discounted cash flow method with
                        discount rates that reflect market interest rates, specific country risk factors, individual creditworthiness of the counterparties and the
                        other risk characteristics associated with the underlying debts.
                        Unless disclosed below, the carrying amount of the Group’s current and non-current borrowings approximate their fair value. The fair
                        values have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows at prevailing market interest rates depending on the type of
                        borrowings. For the financial year, the variable market-based interest rates vary from 1.10% to 4.12% (2022: 1.104% to 1.793%) for Australia
                        and 0.125% to 3.21% (2022: -0.553% to -0.475%) for France respectively.
                        The fair value of the interest bearing loans and borrowings was estimated using the level 2 method valuation technique in which the
                        lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly or indirectly observable. Set out in the table below is a
                        comparison by carrying amounts and fair value of the Group’s Interest bearing loans and borrowings.



                                                                                                                                                                                 Year in Review
                                                                                                              2023                                  2022
                                                                                                   Carrying              Fair            Carrying             Fair
                                                                                                   Amount               Value            Amount              Value

                                                                                                      $m                 $m                 $m                 $m
                         Bank loans                                                                   5,767.8            5,895.8            5,064.4            5,286.3




For personal use only
                         Corporate notes                                                                163.6              166.8              151.9              165.0
                                                                                                      5,931.4            6,062.6            5,216.3            5,451.3



                                                                                                                                                                                 Our Business
                        Interest rate, foreign exchange & liquidity risk
                        Details regarding interest rate, foreign exchange and liquidity risk is disclosed in Note 17.

                        Assets pledged as security
                        The carrying amounts of assets pledged as security for loans and borrowings are set out in the following table:

                                                                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                                                                           $m                 $m

                                                                                                                                                                              Operating and
                         Fixed and floating charge
                         Fixed assets                                                                                                             -                3.0


                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Review
                         Investment holdings in subsidiaries                                                                                4,304.0            3,599.8
                         Total non-current assets pledged as security                                                                       4,304.0            3,602.8




                                         Accounting Policies

                            Loans and borrowings                                                                                                                             Remuneration Report
                            After initial recognition, interest bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the EIR

                                                                                                                                                                                 – Audited
                            method. Losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised.




                                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Results




                                                                                                                            Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023       99
                        8 Net debt (Continued)
                        8.c Lease liabilities

                                       The Group has lease contracts for the use of hospitals, office space and various items of equipment and vehicles which
                                       it uses in its operations. Leases of hospitals and office space can have lease terms between 5 and 120 years, while
                                       vehicles and equipment generally have lease terms between 5 and 10 years.




                        Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets. A number of the lease contracts include extensions,
                        termination options and variable lease payments, which are discussed below.
                        The Group also has certain leases of equipment with lease terms of 12 months or less and leases of office equipment with a low value.
                        The Group applies the ‘short term lease’ and ‘lease of low value assets’ recognition exemptions for these leases.

                                                                                                                                       2023          2022
                                                                                                                                        $m            $m
                         As at 1 July                                                                                                   5,482.4       5,271.0
                         Additions                                                                                                         486.8         310.3




For personal use only
                         Business combinations                                                                                                 -         514.1
                         Disposals or terminations                                                                                             -           (9.7)
                         Payments                                                                                                         (656.2)       (630.0)
                         Accretion of interest                                                                                             253.0         242.2
                         Reassessment of lease terms                                                                                        43.0          11.3
                         Exchange differences                                                                                              345.9        (226.8)
                         As at 30 June                                                                                                  5,954.9       5,482.4

                                                                                                                                       2023          2022
                                                                                                                                        $m            $m
                         Current lease liabilities                                                                                        416.9         354.8
                         Non-current lease liabilities                                                                                  5,538.0       5,127.6
                         Total lease liabilities                                                                                        5,954.9       5,482.4

                        Assets pledged as security
                        The carrying amounts of assets pledged as security for lease liabilities are set out in the following table:

                                                                                                                                       2023          2022
                                                                                                                                        $m            $m
                         Leased assets pledged as security                                                                                900.2         788.7

                        Cash outflows
                        The Group had total cash outflows for leases of approximately $677.1 million in 2023 (2022: $651.9 million) - the principal portion of
                        lease payments totalled $403.2 million (2022: $387.8 million), interest payments totalled $253.0 million (2022: $242.2 million) and other
                        payments relating to low-value assets, short term and variable lease payments totalled approximately $20.9 million (included in payments
                        to suppliers and employees) (2022: $21.9 million).




                        100 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        8 Net debt (Continued)

                                       Accounting Policies

                          All leases are accounted for by recognising a right of use asset and a lease liability except for:
                          • Leases of low value assets, being those with a cost of $50,000 or less; and
                          • Leases with a term of 12 months or less.

                          Lease liabilities
                          Lease liabilities are measured at the present value of the contractual payments due to the lessor over the lease term, with


                                                                                                                                                                          Year in Review
                          the discount rate determined by reference to the rate inherent in the lease unless (as is typically the case) this is not readily
                          determinable, in which case the Group’s incremental borrowing rate on commencement of the lease is used. Variable lease
                          payments are only included in the measurement of the lease liability if they depend on an index or rate. In such cases, the initial
                          measurement of the lease liability assumes the variable element will remain unchanged throughout the lease term. Other variable
                          lease payments are expensed in the period to which they relate.
                          On initial recognition, the carrying value of the lease liability also includes:
                          • amounts expected to be payable under any residual value guarantee;




For personal use only
                          • the exercise price of any purchase option granted in favour of the group if it is reasonably certain to exercise that option;
                          • any penalties payable for terminating the lease, if the term of the lease has been estimated on the basis of the termination


                                                                                                                                                                          Our Business
                            option being exercised.

                          Lease assets
                          Right of use assets are initially measured at the amount of the lease liability, reduced for any lease incentives received, and
                          increased for:
                          • lease payments made at or before commencement of the lease;
                          • initial direct costs incurred; and
                          • the amount of any provision recognised where the group is contractually required to dismantle, remove or restore the
                            leased asset.
                          Subsequent to initial measurement, lease liabilities increase as a result of interest charged at a constant rate on the balance              Operating and
                          outstanding and are reduced for lease payments made. Right of use assets are amortised on a straight line basis over the shorter
                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Review
                          of the useful life of the asset or the term of the lease. Lease liabilities are remeasured when there is a change in future lease
                          payments arising from a change in an index or rate or when there is a change in the assessment of the term of the lease.
                          The Group applies the short term lease recognition exemption to its short term lease of equipment, being those leases that have
                          a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. The Group also applies the
                          low-value assets recognition exemption to leases of equipment that are considered to be of low value. Lease payments on short
                          term leases and leases of low value assets are recognised as an expense on a straight line basis over the lease term.


                                                                                                                                                                      Remuneration Report



                                                                                                                                                                          – Audited
                                       Key Accounting Judgements, Estimates and Assumptions

                          Lease term
                          The Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option
                          to extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any periods covered by an option to terminate the lease, if it is




                                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report
                          reasonably certain not to be exercised.
                          The Group has the option, under some of its leases to lease the assets for additional terms. The Group applies judgement in
                          evaluating whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the options to renew. That is, it considers all relevant factors that create
                          an economic incentive for it to exercise the renewal. After commencement date, the Group reassess the lease term if there is a
                          significant event or change in circumstances that is within its control and affects its ability to exercise (or not exercise) the option
                          to renew.

                          Discount rates
                          The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate (IBR).
                          The IBR is the rate of interest that the lessee would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Results
                          funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right of use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore
                          requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions)
                          or when they need to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease.




                                                                                                                          Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 101
                        8 Net debt (Continued)
                        8.d Derivative financial instruments

                                       A derivative is a financial instrument typically used to manage an underlying risk, using futures, swaps and options. The
                                       value change of a derivative is related to changes in a variable, such as interest rate or foreign exchange rate. The
                                       Group uses derivatives to manage exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risk.



                                                                                                                                         2023               2022
                                                                                                                                          $m                 $m
                         Current assets
                         Interest rate and foreign exchange derivative contracts – cash flow hedges                                           33.4                 8.9
                         Interest rate and foreign exchange derivative contracts – economic hedges                                            31.1                 2.4
                         Non-current assets
                         Interest rate and foreign exchange derivative contracts – cash flow hedges                                           41.2               29.6
                         Interest rate and foreign exchange derivative contracts – economic hedges                                            22.4               16.1
                                                                                                                                             128.1               57.0




For personal use only
                         Current liabilities
                         Interest rate and foreign exchange derivative contracts – cash flow hedges                                                -                    -
                         Non-current liabilities
                         Interest rate and foreign exchange derivative contracts – cash flow hedges                                               -                  -
                                                                                                                                                  -                  -
                         Net derivative assets/(liabilities)                                                                                 128.1               57.0

                        Instruments used by the Group
                        Derivative financial instruments are used by the Group in the normal course of business in order to hedge exposure to fluctuations in
                        interest and foreign exchange rates.
                        Interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts – cash flow hedges
                        Interest bearing loans in Australian Dollar of the Group currently bear an average variable base interest rate excluding margin of 3.98%
                        (2022: 1.477%). Interest bearing loans in Euro of the Group currently bear a variable base interest rate excluding margin of 3.21% (2022:
                        0%) pursuant to an interest rate floor within the facility agreements whereby base interest rate (EURIBOR) is deemed to be zero when it
                        is negative.
                        In order to reduce the variability of the future cash flows in relation to the interest bearing loans, the Group has entered into Australian
                        Dollar and Euro interest rate swap contracts under which it has a right to receive interest at variable rates and to pay interest at fixed
                        rates. Swaps in place cover approximately 75% (2022: 39%) of the principal outstanding.
                        To reduce the foreign exchange risk of expected purchases, the Group enters into foreign exchange forward contracts which are
                        designated in a cash flow hedge relationship. The Group also enters into other foreign exchange contracts with the intention to reduce
                        the foreign exchange risk of interest bearing loan in Euro which are not designated in hedge relationships and are measured at fair value
                        through profit or loss.

                        Interest rate risk
                        Information regarding interest rate risk exposure is set out in Note 17.

                        Credit risk
                        Credit risk arises from the potential failure of counterparties to meet their obligations at maturity of contracts. This arises on derivative
                        financial instruments with unrealised gains. Management constantly monitor the fair value of favourable contracts outstanding with any
                        individual counterparty. Management only deal with prime financial institutions with appropriate credit ratings in order to manage this
                        credit risk.




                        102 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        8 Net debt (Continued)
                        Fair value of derivative financial instruments
                        The fair value of the derivative financial instruments was estimated using the level 2 method valuation technique and is summarised in the
                        table above.
                        The most frequently applied valuation techniques include forward pricing and swap models, using present value calculations. The models
                        incorporate various inputs including the credit quality of counterparties, foreign exchange spot and forward rates and interest rate curves.
                        The changes in counterparty credit risk had no material effect on the hedge effectiveness assessment for derivatives designated in
                        hedge relationships.
                        The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair
                        value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of unobservable inputs. Information about the valuation
                        techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of various assets and liabilities are disclosed in the relevant notes.




                                                                                                                                                                            Year in Review
                        All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the fair value
                        hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:


                         Level 1                      Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                         Level 2                      Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is
                                                      directly or indirectly observable
                         Level 3                      Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement




For personal use only
                                                      is unobservable




                                                                                                                                                                            Our Business
                        For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group determines whether transfers have
                        occurred between Levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorisation (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
                        value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.
                        There were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2 or between Level 2 and Level 3 during the year.
                        The notional principal amounts and period of expiry of the interest rate derivatives contracts are as follows:

                                                                                                                                         2023               2022
                                                                                                                                          $m                 $m

                                                                                                                                                                         Operating and
                         0-1 years                                                                                                          210.0            1,102.4
                         1-2 years                                                                                                        1,268.3              210.0
                         2-3 years                                                                                                        1,350.2            1,059.4
                         3-5 years                                                                                                        2,197.4              450.0    Financial Review
                         Over 5 years                                                                                                           -                  -
                                                                                                                                          5,025.9            2,821.8

                        The interest rate derivatives require settlement of net interest receivable or payable each 90 or 180 days. They are settled on a net basis.
                        The swaps are measured at fair value and all gains and losses attributed to the hedged risk are taken directly to equity and re-classified to

                                                                                                                                                                        Remuneration Report
                        the Income Statement when the interest expense is recognised.




                                         Accounting Policies                                                                                                                – Audited



                            The Group uses derivative financial instruments such as interest rate swaps to hedge its risks associated with interest rates. Such
                            derivative financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into and
                            are subsequently remeasured to fair value. Derivatives are carried as assets when the fair value is positive and as a liability when




                                                                                                                                                                            Directors’ Report
                            the fair value is negative.
                            Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of derivatives are taken directly to profit or loss, except for the effective
                            portion of cash flow hedges, which is recognised in Other Comprehensive Income, and later classified to profit and loss when the
                            hedge item affects profit or loss.
                            For the purposes of hedge accounting, hedges are classified as:
                            • fair value hedges when they hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or liability;
                            • cash flow hedges when they hedge exposure to variability in cash flows that is attributable either to a particular risk associated
                              with a recognised asset or liability or to a highly probable forecast transaction or the foreign currency risk in an unrecognised
                              firm commitment; or



                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Results
                            • hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation.




                                                                                                                           Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 103
                        8 Net debt (Continued)

                                        Accounting Policies

                           At the inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to which the
                           Group wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The
                           documentation includes identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of the risk being hedged and how
                           the Group will assess whether the hedging relationship meets the hedge effectiveness requirements (including the analysis of
                           sources of hedge ineffectiveness and how the hedge ratio is determined). A hedging relationship qualifies for hedge accounting if
                           it meets all of the following effectiveness requirements:
                           • There is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument;
                           • The effect of credit risk does not ‘dominate the value changes’ that result from that economic relationship; and
                           • The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of the hedged item that the Group
                             actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that the Group actually uses to hedge that quantity of hedged item.
                           Hedges that meet the strict criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for as follows:

                           Cash flow hedges




For personal use only
                           The effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognised directly in Other Comprehensive Income
                           in the cash flow hedge reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the Income Statement as other
                           operating expenses.
                           The Group uses predominantly interest rate swap contracts as hedges of its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. There is an
                           economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument as the term of the interest rate swap matches the
                           terms of the variable rate loan (that is, notional amount, maturity, base rate, payment and reset dates).
                           The Group only designates the intrinsic value of the interest rate option contracts as hedging instruments. The time value of
                           the interest rate option contracts are recognised in Other Comprehensive Income and accumulated in a separate component of
                           equity under the cost of Hedging Reserve. These deferred costs of hedging are recognised in the profit or loss on a systematic
                           basis over the tenor of the interest rate option contracts.
                           Amounts recognised as Other Comprehensive Income are transferred to profit or loss when the hedged transaction affects profit
                           or loss, such as when the hedged financial income or financial expense is recognised. When the hedged item is the cost of a
                           non-financial asset or non-financial liability, the amounts recognised as Other Comprehensive Income are transferred to the initial
                           carrying amount of the non-financial asset or liability.
                           If the forecast transaction or firm commitment is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised
                           in Other Comprehensive Income is transferred to the Income Statement. If the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated
                           or exercised without replacement or rollover, or if its designation as a hedge is revoked, any cumulative gain or loss previously
                           recognised in Other Comprehensive Income remains in Other Comprehensive Income until the forecast transaction or firm
                           commitment affects profit or loss.
                           Subsequent measurement
                           For financial instruments not traded in an active market, the fair value is determined using appropriate valuation techniques. Such
                           techniques may include:
                           • Using recent arm’s length market transaction;
                           • Reference to the current fair value of another instrument that is substantially the same; or
                           • A discounted cash flow analysis or other valuation models.
                           Fair value of derivative financial instruments
                           The Group measures financial instruments, such as, derivatives, at fair value at each reporting date.
                           Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
                           participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the
                           asset or transfer the liability takes place either:
                           • In the principal market for the asset or liability; or
                           • In the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
                           The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group.
                           The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the
                           asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.




                        104 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        III Assets and Liabilities – Operating and Investing
                                       This section outlines how the Ramsay Group manages its assets and liabilities to generate profit.




                        How the Group manages its overall financial position
                        The Group manages its overall financial position by segregating its Statement of Financial Position into two categories; Assets and
                        Liabilities – Operating and Investing and Capital – Financing. Assets and Liabilities – Operating and Investing is managed at both the site
                        and group level while Capital – Financing (refer to section II) is managed centrally.



                                                                                                                                                                              Year in Review
                        Details of Assets and Liabilities – Operating and Investing are as follows:

                                                                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                                                      Note                $m                $m
                         Working capital                                                                               9                   (498.4)           (345.1)
                         Property, plant and equipment                                                                11                  5,238.1           4,806.5
                         Right of use assets                                                                          12                  4,949.1           4,629.5




For personal use only
                         Intangible assets                                                                            13                  6,163.7           5,820.8



                                                                                                                                                                              Our Business
                         Current and deferred tax assets                                                              15                      89.8            111.7
                         Other assets/(liabilities)                                                                   16                     (17.0)          (169.7)
                                                                                                                                         15,925.3          14,853.7


                        9 Working capital
                                                                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                                                                          $m                $m


                                                                                                                                                                           Operating and
                         Trade and other receivables (current)                                                         9.a                 2,266.9           2,330.1
                         Inventories                                                                                   9.b                   388.6             376.8
                         Trade and other creditors (current)                                                           9.c                (3,153.9)         (3,052.0)
                                                                                                                                            (498.4)           (345.1)     Financial Review

                        Consistent with prior periods, the Group actively manages the collection of debtor receipts and creditor and employee payments. This
                        often results in a negative working capital metric and net current liability position. Any surplus or deficit in the working capital is managed
                        through efficient use of the revolving debt facilities and cash balances. The Group had an undrawn facility limit of $2.2 billion as at
                        30 June 2023.


                                                                                                                                                                          Remuneration Report
                        The change in working capital during the year is a result of a decrease in the trade and other receivables amounts due to an increase in
                        the impairment provision during the period, together with an increase in trade and other creditors as a result of additional procedures and
                        activity being undertaken and therefore additional costs being incurred.

                        9.a Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                       – Audited



                                       Trade and other receivables primarily consists of amounts outstanding from Governments, Health Funds and Self
                                       Insured patients for delivering health care and related services.




                                                                                                                                                                              Directors’ Report
                                                                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                                                                          $m                $m
                         Current
                         Trade and other receivables                                                                                      2,397.6            2,400.7
                         Allowances for impairment loss                                                                                     (130.7)             (70.6)
                                                                                                                                          2,266.9            2,330.1
                         Non-current



                                                                                                                                                                              Financial Results
                         Rental property bonds and guarantees receivable                                                                     38.8               32.5
                         Other                                                                                                               88.1               46.5
                                                                                                                                            126.9               79.0
                         Total                                                                                                            2,393.8            2,409.1




                                                                                                                             Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 105
                        9 Working capital (Continued)
                        Allowances for impairment loss
                        An allowance for expected credit loss (ECL) is recognised based on the difference between the contractual cash flows and the expected
                        cash flows. The Group has applied a simplified approach in calculating ECLs by establishing a provision matrix for forward-looking factors
                        specific to the debtors and the economic environment.
                        Movements in the allowances for impairment loss were as follows:

                                                                                                                                       2023               2022
                                                                                                                                        $m                 $m
                         As at 1 July                                                                                                      (70.6)            (62.0)
                         Charge for the year                                                                                              (103.3)             (40.3)
                         Exchange differences                                                                                                (5.9)              2.1
                         Amounts written off                                                                                                49.1               29.6
                         As at 30 June                                                                                                   (130.7)             (70.6)

                        Ageing analysis
                        At 30 June, the ageing analysis of trade and other receivables is as follows:

                                                                                    Neither




For personal use only
                                                                                   past due        0-30          31-60         61-90           91+
                                                                                     nor           Days          Days          Days           Days       Considered
                                                                       Total       impaired        PDNI1         PDNI1         PDNI1          PDNI1       impaired
                                                                        $m           $m             $m            $m            $m             $m           $m
                         2023                                         2,524.5       1,745.0         197.4         105.9           61.1         284.4        130.7
                         2022                                         2,479.7       1,776.5         294.6         122.7           37.7         177.6          70.6
                        1 PDNI – Past due not impaired


                        Receivables past due but not considered impaired are: $648.8 million (2022: $632.6 million). Payment terms on these amounts have
                        not been re-negotiated as based on the credit history of receivables past due not considered impaired, management believes that
                        these amounts will be fully recovered. This is due to the fact that the Group mainly deals with Government Authorities and creditworthy
                        Health Funds.

                        Fair value
                        Due to the short term nature of the current receivables, the carrying value approximates fair value. The carrying values of the discounted
                        non-current receivables approximates their fair values.

                        Credit risk
                        The maximum exposure to credit risk for current receivables is their carrying value. Collateral is not held as security. The Group’s credit
                        risk is low in relation to trade debtors because the majority of transactions are with the Government and Health Funds. The maximum
                        exposure to credit risk for non-current receivables at the reporting date is the carrying value of these receivables. The majority of the
                        non-current receivables are assessed as low risk.

                        Foreign exchange & interest rate risk
                        Details regarding foreign exchange and interest rate risk exposure are disclosed in Note 17.




                        106 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        9 Working capital (Continued)
                        9.b Inventories

                                       Inventories include medical supplies to be consumed in providing future patient services, and development assets,
                                       including medical suites to be sold, that are currently under construction.




                                                                                                                                      2023             2022
                                                                                                                                       $m               $m
                         Amount of medical supplies to be consumed in providing future patient services – at cost                        356.4            328.4


                                                                                                                                                                          Year in Review
                         Development assets to be sold that are currently under construction – at cost                                    32.2             48.4
                         Total                                                                                                           388.6            376.8

                        Inventory expense
                        Medical supplies recognised as an expense for the year ended 30 June 2023 totalled $3,347.7 million (2022: $3,107.8 million) for the
                        Group. This expense has been included in the expense category 'medical consumables and supplies' in the Income Statement. The
                        cost of development assets sold which has been recognised as an expense for the year ended 30 June 2023 totalled $7.3 million




For personal use only
                        (2022: $1.4 million) for the Group. This expense has been included in the expense category 'cost of development assets sold' in the
                        Income Statement.


                                                                                                                                                                          Our Business
                                        Accounting Policies

                            Inventories are recorded using the FIFO method and are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable
                            value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs
                            necessary to make the sale.

                                                                                                                                                                       Operating and
                        9.c Trade and other creditors
                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Review

                                       Trade and other creditors consists of amounts owing to employees and suppliers for goods and/or services delivered
                                       and customer amounts paid in advance of provision of services.




                                                                                                                                                                      Remuneration Report
                                                                                                                                      2023             2022
                                                                                                                                       $m               $m


                                                                                                                                                                          – Audited
                         Trade creditors                                                                                               1,484.3          1,483.5
                         Accrued expenses                                                                                                507.5            475.7
                         Employee and Director entitlements                                                                            1,138.7          1,053.8
                         Other creditors                                                                                                  23.4             39.0
                         Total                                                                                                         3,153.9          3,052.0

                        Fair value


                                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report
                        Trade and other creditors amounts are non-interest bearing and are normally settled on 30-60 day terms. Due to the short term nature of
                        these payables, their carrying value is assumed to approximate their fair value.

                        Interest rate, foreign exchange & liquidity risk
                        Details regarding interest rate, foreign exchange and liquidity risk exposure are set out in Note 17.




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Results




                                                                                                                          Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 107
                        10 Business combinations

                                      Ramsay’s growth has been driven, in part, by acquisitions of businesses within the healthcare sector.




                        Information on current year acquisitions
                        Regis - 2023
                        On 13 September 2022, Ramsay Elysium Holdings Limited acquired two UK based child and adolescent mental health services facilities
                        from Regis Healthcare Ltd (Regis) for $68.1 million (£40 million). The acquisition was funded through Ramsay's existing debt facilities.
                        Ramsay has recognised amounts for this business combination as outlined below. These amounts have been determined on a provisional
                        basis only.

                                                                                                                                                        $m
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                              2.1
                         Trade and other receivables (current)                                                                                                  2.5
                         Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                          4.4
                         Deferred tax asset                                                                                                                     1.1




For personal use only
                         Trade and other creditors                                                                                                             (1.7)
                         Current income tax payable                                                                                                            (2.0)
                         Fair value of identifiable net assets                                                                                                  6.4
                         Goodwill arising                                                                                                                     61.7
                         Fair value of consideration transferred                                                                                              68.1

                         The cash outflow as a result of the business combination is as follows:
                           Cash paid in the year to 30 June 2023                                                                                             (68.1)
                           Net cash acquired with the subsidiary                                                                                               2.1
                         Net consolidated cash outflow                                                                                                       (66.0)

                         Direct costs relating to the business combination – included within service costs                                                     0.5

                        The goodwill of $61.7 million comprises the value of intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition as well as synergies
                        expected to be achieved as a result of combining Regis with the rest of the Group. The acquisition provides a number of strategic benefits
                        consistent with Ramsay’s growth strategy. None of the goodwill recognised is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes.
                        Goodwill is allocated entirely to the UK reporting segment in Note 1 and Note 14.
                        The consolidated financial statements include the results of the Regis facilities for the nine and a half months from the acquisition date.
                        The results of Regis from acquisition to 30 June 2023 are not material to the Group and have therefore not been disclosed separately. If
                        the combination had taken place at the beginning of the year, 1 July 2022, revenue from continuing operations and profit before interest
                        and tax from continuing operations for the Group would not have been significantly different to the Group results as reported.




                        108 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        10 Business combinations (Continued)
                        Other Business Combinations - 2023
                        Other than the acquisition above, Ramsay also acquired certain businesses in Europe and Australia in the year to 30 June 2023.
                        The summarised amounts for these other business combinations for the year ended 30 June 2023 are shown below and have been
                        determined on a provisional basis only. These businesses are all within the healthcare sector.

                                                                                                                                                  $m
                         Assets                                                                                                                          9.4
                         Liabilities                                                                                                                    (9.4)
                         Fair value of identifiable net assets/(liabilities)                                                                               -
                         Goodwill arising                                                                                                              16.3
                         Fair value of consideration transferred                                                                                       16.3



                                                                                                                                                                    Year in Review
                         The cash outflow as a result of the business combinations is as follows:
                           Cash paid in the year to 30 June 2023                                                                                      (15.2)
                           Net cash acquired with the subsidiaries                                                                                      2.1
                         Net consolidated cash outflow                                                                                                (13.1)

                         Cash paid                                                                                                                    (15.2)
                         Deferred consideration                                                                                                         (1.1)




For personal use only
                         Total consideration                                                                                                          (16.3)




                                                                                                                                                                    Our Business
                         Direct costs relating to the business combinations – included within service costs                                              2.1


                        Information on prior year acquisitions
                        Elysium - 2022
                        On 31 January 2022, Ramsay acquired 100% of the voting shares of the leading UK based mental healthcare provider Elysium Healthcare.
                        Ramsay has recognised amounts for this business combination as outlined below. The acquisition accounting has now been finalised.
                        Adjustments to trade and other receivables, right of use assets and trade and other payables have decreased the goodwill arising on
                        acquisition by $1.9 million from 30 June 2022. These adjustments have been reflected in the 30 June 2022 Statement of Financial
                        Position. Goodwill is allocated entirely to the UK reporting segment in Note 1 and Note 14.
                                                                                                                                                                 Operating and
                                                                                                                                                 $m

                                                                                                                                                                Financial Review
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                      5.8
                         Trade and other receivables (current)                                                                                        81.2
                         Inventories                                                                                                                    0.3
                         Other current assets                                                                                                         18.0
                         Property, plant and equipment                                                                                              254.6
                         Right of use assets                                                                                                        473.0

                                                                                                                                                                Remuneration Report
                         Trade and other creditors (current)                                                                                         (83.1)
                         Loans and borrowings (current)                                                                                            (657.7)
                         Lease liabilities (current and non-current)                                                                               (472.8)

                                                                                                                                                                    – Audited
                         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                  (111.5)
                         Other liabilities (current and non-current)                                                                                   (6.7)
                         Fair value of identifiable net liabilities                                                                                (498.9)
                         Goodwill arising                                                                                                         1,311.5
                         Fair value of consideration transferred                                                                                    812.6




                                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ Report
                         The cash outflow as a result of the business combination is as follows:
                           Cash paid in the year to 30 June 2022                                                                                    (812.6)
                           Net cash acquired with the subsidiary                                                                                       5.8
                         Net consolidated cash outflow                                                                                              (806.8)




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Results




                                                                                                                   Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 109
                        10 Business combinations (Continued)
                        GHP - 2022
                        On 2 May 2022, Ramsay Santé acquired 98% of the voting shares of the GHP Speciality Care AB (GHP). Ramsay has recognised the fair
                        values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of GHP as outlined in the table below. The acquisition accounting has now been finalised.
                        Adjustments to property, plant and equipment and provisions and other liabilities have increased the goodwill arising on acquisition by
                        $23.4 million from 30 June 2022. These adjustments have been reflected in the 30 June 2022 Statement of Financial Position. Goodwill
                        is allocated entirely to the Nordics reporting segment in Note 1 and Note 14.

                                                                                                                                                        $m
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                             27.0
                         Trade and other receivables (current)                                                                                                 31.2
                         Inventories                                                                                                                             1.5
                         Other current assets                                                                                                                  14.3
                         Property, plant and equipment                                                                                                         11.5
                         Intangible assets                                                                                                                       7.4
                         Trade and other creditors                                                                                                            (17.7)
                         Loans and borrowings                                                                                                                 (22.3)
                         Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                               (1.0)
                         Provisions and other liabilities                                                                                                     (48.7)




For personal use only
                         Fair value of identifiable net assets                                                                                                   3.2
                         Non controlling interest                                                                                                               (0.4)
                         Goodwill arising                                                                                                                    359.9
                         Fair value of consideration transferred                                                                                             362.7

                         The cash outflow as a result of the business combination is as follows:
                           Cash paid in the year to 30 June 2022                                                                                            (355.2)
                           Cash paid in the year to 30 June 2023                                                                                               (7.5)
                           Net cash acquired with the subsidiary                                                                                              27.0
                         Net consolidated cash outflow                                                                                                      (335.7)

                         Net consolidated cash outflow in the year to 30 June 2022                                                                          (328.2)
                         Net consolidated cash outflow in the year to 30 June 2023                                                                             (7.5)
                         Total net consolidated cash outflow                                                                                                (335.7)

                        Other Business Combinations – 2022
                        Other than the two major acquisitions above, Ramsay also acquired certain businesses in Europe in the year to 30 June 2022. The
                        summarised amounts for these other business combinations for the year ended 30 June 2022 are shown below. The purchase
                        price accounting has now been finalised. There was not a material difference in the provisional fair values initially recognised. These
                        businesses are all within the healthcare sector.

                                                                                                                                                          $m
                         Assets                                                                                                                                77.5
                         Liabilities                                                                                                                          (48.8)
                         Fair value of identifiable net assets                                                                                                 28.7
                         Goodwill arising                                                                                                                    146.9
                         Fair value of consideration transferred                                                                                             175.6

                         The cash outflow as a result of the business combinations is as follows:
                           Cash paid in the year to 30 June 2022                                                                                            (106.3)
                           Net cash acquired with the subsidiary                                                                                               12.8
                         Net consolidated cash outflow                                                                                                        (93.5)

                         Cash paid in the year to 30 June 2022                                                                                              (106.3)
                         Deferred consideration                                                                                                               (69.3)
                         Total consideration                                                                                                                (175.6)




                        110 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        10 Business combinations (Continued)

                                     Accounting Policies

                         Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a business combination
                         is measured at fair value and is calculated as the sum of the business combination date fair values of the assets transferred by the
                         acquirer, the liabilities incurred by the acquirer to former owners of the acquiree and the equity issued by the acquirer, and the
                         amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree. For each business combination, the acquirer measures the non-controlling
                         interest in the acquiree either at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. Business
                         combination related costs are expensed as incurred.



                                                                                                                                                                          Year in Review
                         In accounting for a business combination, the Group assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate
                         classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic conditions, the Group’s operating or accounting
                         policies and other pertinent conditions as at the business combination date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives
                         in host contracts by the acquiree.
                         Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognised at fair value at the business combination date.
                         Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument and within the scope of AASB 9 Financial
                         Instruments, is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. If the contingent consideration is
                         not within the scope of AASB 9, it is measured in accordance with the appropriate standard. Contingent consideration that is




For personal use only
                         classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.




                                                                                                                                                                          Our Business
                                     Key Accounting Judgements, Estimates and Assumptions

                         The Group recognises the identifiable assets and liabilities of businesses at their business combination date fair values, except
                         for lease liabilities and right of use assets, which are measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments as if the
                         acquired lease were a new lease at the acquisition date and where the right of use asset is further adjusted for favourable and
                         unfavourable terms. Where a significant amount of freehold land and buildings are recognised in the business combination, the
                                                                                                                                                                       Operating and
                         fair value is determined by an external valuer using an approach relevant to the market in that country.


                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Review




                                                                                                                                                                      Remuneration Report



                                                                                                                                                                          – Audited




                                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Results




                                                                                                                      Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023     111
                        11 Property, plant and equipment

                                     Property, plant and equipment represents the investment by the Group in tangible assets such as land, buildings,
                                     hospital fit-outs and medical equipment.




                                                                                             Land &           Plant &          Assets Under
                                                                                            Buildings        Equipment         Construction         Total
                                                                                               $m               $m                 $m                $m
                         30 June 2023
                         Cost                                                                   4,538.0           3,319.1            625.3               8,482.4
                         Accumulated depreciation and impairment                               (1,091.5)         (2,152.8)                -             (3,244.3)
                                                                                               3,446.5           1,166.3             625.3              5,238.1
                         Movement:
                         As at 1 July 2022                                                     3,226.3           1,052.6             527.6              4,806.5
                         Additions                                                                  83.5            302.4             344.8                730.7
                         Transferred from assets under construction                               173.7              88.6            (262.3)                    -
                         Business combinations                                                       3.2               7.1                 -                 10.3




For personal use only
                         Reclassification (Note 12, Note 13)                                        32.3                 -                 -                 32.3
                         Depreciation                                                            (169.8)           (322.5)                 -              (492.3)
                         Impairment                                                                  0.9               1.9                 -                  2.8
                         Disposals                                                                 (11.0)             (1.0)             (1.9)               (13.9)
                         Exchange differences                                                     107.4              37.2              17.1                161.7
                         As at 30 June 2023                                                    3,446.5           1,166.3             625.3              5,238.1

                         30 June 2022
                         Cost                                                                  4,132.5            2,937.4            527.6               7,597.5
                         Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                 (906.2)         (1,884.8)                -             (2,791.0)
                                                                                               3,226.3           1,052.6             527.6              4,806.5
                         Movement:
                         As at 1 July 2021                                                     3,035.6             953.3             499.7              4,488.6
                         Additions                                                                119.9             317.4             240.7                678.0
                         Transferred from assets under construction                               132.6               97.8           (230.4)                     -
                         Business combinations                                                    184.8               50.0             37.7                272.5
                         Reclassification (Note 12, Note 13)                                          1.8              (9.4)            (4.1)               (11.7)
                         Depreciation                                                            (154.8)           (309.9)                 -              (464.7)
                         Impairment                                                                  (5.3)                -                -                  (5.3)
                         Disposals                                                                 (23.1)            (16.0)             (8.1)               (47.2)
                         Exchange differences                                                      (65.2)            (30.6)             (7.9)             (103.7)
                         As at 30 June 2022                                                    3,226.3           1,052.6             527.6              4,806.5

                         30 June 2021
                         Cost                                                                  3,854.2            2,744.8            499.7               7,098.7
                         Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                 (818.6)         (1,791.5)                -             (2,610.1)
                                                                                               3,035.6             953.3             499.7              4,488.6




                        112 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        11 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

                                      Accounting Policies

                          Assets Under Construction is stated at cost, net of accumulated impairment losses, if any. Land and Buildings and Plant and
                          Equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Such cost includes the cost
                          of replacing parts that are eligible for capitalisation when the cost of replacing the parts is incurred.
                          Depreciation is calculated, consistent with the prior year, on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets
                          as follows:




                                                                                                                                                                         Year in Review
                          • Buildings and integral plant – 40 to 60 years
                          • Plant and equipment, other than plant integral to buildings – various periods not exceeding 10 years
                          The assets’ residual values, useful lives and depreciation methods are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each financial
                          year end.

                          Impairment
                          The carrying values of property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment at each reporting date, with the recoverable
                          amount being estimated when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. The




For personal use only
                          recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing
                          value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects



                                                                                                                                                                         Our Business
                          current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.
                          For an asset that does not generate largely independent cash inflows, recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating
                          unit to which the asset belongs, unless the asset's value in use can be estimated to be close to its fair value.
                          An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or cash-generating unit exceeds its estimated recoverable amount. The
                          asset or cash-generating unit is then written down to its recoverable amount.
                          Impairment losses are recognised in the Income Statement in the expense category 'depreciation, amortisation and impairment'.
                          An assessment is also made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that previously recognised impairment
                          losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously

                                                                                                                                                                      Operating and
                          recognised impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset’s
                          recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. If that is the case the carrying amount of the asset is increased
                          to its recoverable amount. That increased amount cannot exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of
                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Review
                          depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. Such reversal is recognised in profit or loss.
                          After such a reversal the depreciation charge is adjusted in future periods to allocate the asset’s revised carrying amount, less any
                          residual value, on a systematic basis over its remaining useful life.

                          Derecognition & disposal
                          An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no further future economic benefits are
                          expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between

                                                                                                                                                                     Remuneration Report
                          the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in the Income Statement in the year the asset
                          is derecognised.



                                                                                                                                                                         – Audited

                                      Key Accounting Judgements, Estimates and Assumptions

                          Useful lives of assets are estimated based on historical experience. The useful life of assets are assessed annually and adjusted




                                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ Report
                          where deemed necessary.




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Results




                                                                                                                         Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 113
                        12 Right of use assets

                                       A right of use asset represents the Group’s, as a lessee, right to use an asset over the life of a lease. See note 8.c for
                                       the Group’s lease arrangements and related lease liabilities recognised.




                                                                                                                     Leased          Leased Plant
                                                                                                                    Property         & Equipment            Total
                                                                                                                       $m                $m                  $m
                         30 June 2023
                         Cost                                                                                           6,860.4              500.3            7,360.7
                         Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                                       (2,181.0)            (230.6)          (2,411.6)
                                                                                                                       4,679.4              269.7            4,949.1
                         Movement:
                         As at 1 July 2022                                                                             4,393.1              236.4            4,629.5
                         Additions                                                                                        387.0               99.8              486.8
                         Reclassification (Note 11)                                                                        (31.1)                 -              (31.1)
                         Depreciation                                                                                    (366.8)             (81.2)            (448.0)




For personal use only
                         Impairment                                                                                        (14.5)                 -              (14.5)
                         Reassessment of lease terms                                                                        43.3                  -               43.3
                         Disposals or terminations                                                                             -               (0.2)               (0.2)
                         Exchange differences                                                                             268.4               14.9              283.3
                         As at 30 June 2023                                                                            4,679.4              269.7            4,949.1

                         30 June 2022
                         Cost                                                                                           6,119.4              426.8            6,546.2
                         Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                                       (1,726.3)            (190.4)          (1,916.7)
                                                                                                                       4,393.1              236.4            4,629.5
                         Movement:
                         As at 1 July 2021                                                                             4,189.5              222.0            4,411.5
                         Additions                                                                                        218.8               91.5              310.3
                         Business combinations                                                                            514.1                   -             514.1
                         Reclassification (Note 11)                                                                          0.7                7.3                8.0
                         Depreciation                                                                                    (343.2)             (73.9)            (417.1)
                         Reassessment of lease terms                                                                       11.3                   -              11.3
                         Disposals or terminations                                                                          (8.4)              (0.4)              (8.8)
                         Exchange differences                                                                            (189.7)             (10.1)            (199.8)
                         As at 30 June 2022                                                                            4,393.1              236.4            4,629.5

                         30 June 2021
                         Cost                                                                                           5,690.5              378.5            6,069.0
                         Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                                       (1,501.0)            (156.5)          (1,657.5)
                                                                                                                       4,189.5              222.0            4,411.5

                        Leased assets, where pledged, are used as security for the related lease liabilities. Refer note 8.c.




                        114 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        13 Intangible assets

                                          The Group’s investment in intangible assets includes goodwill, service concession assets, brand names and on-
                                          premise software.




                                                                                                                                      Service
                                                                                                                                     Concession
                                                                                                                  Goodwill             Assets          Other1            Total
                                                                                                                    $m                  $m              $m                $m
                          30 June 2023



                                                                                                                                                                                           Year in Review
                          Cost                                                                                        5,756.4              239.8           511.4         6,507.6
                          Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                                            -            (159.3)         (184.6)          (343.9)
                                                                                                                      5,756.4               80.5          326.8          6,163.7
                          Movement:
                          As at 1 July 2022                                                                           5,385.6             105.8           329.4          5,820.8
                          Additions                                                                                          -                  -           34.5             34.5
                          Business combinations                                                                          78.0                 1.2              -             79.2




For personal use only
                          Reclassification (Note 11)                                                                         -               (1.2)             -              (1.2)
                          Amortisation                                                                                       -             (22.0)          (26.8)           (48.8)


                                                                                                                                                                                           Our Business
                          Disposals                                                                                          -                  -          (12.4)           (12.4)
                          Exchange differences                                                                          292.8                (3.3)           2.1           291.6
                          As at 30 June 2023                                                                          5,756.4              80.5           326.8          6,163.7

                          30 June 2022
                          Cost                                                                                        5,385.6              241.3           496.0         6,122.9
                          Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                                            -            (135.5)         (166.6)          (302.1)
                                                                                                                      5,385.6             105.8           329.4          5,820.8

                                                                                                                                                                                        Operating and
                          Movement:
                          As at 1 July 2021                                                                           3,766.3              99.7           367.6          4,233.6

                                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Review
                          Additions                                                                                           -               0.8           31.0              31.8
                          Business combinations                                                                       1,818.6               35.3              1.1        1,855.0
                          Reclassification (Note 11)                                                                          -               4.9            (1.2)              3.7
                          Amortisation                                                                                        -            (25.1)          (20.7)            (45.8)
                          Disposals                                                                                        (4.2)             (0.2)         (13.4)            (17.8)
                          Impairment                                                                                          -                 -            (6.0)             (6.0)


                                                                                                                                                                                       Remuneration Report
                          Exchange differences                                                                          (195.1)              (9.6)         (29.0)          (233.7)
                          As at 30 June 2022                                                                          5,385.6             105.8           329.4          5,820.8



                                                                                                                                                                                           – Audited
                          30 June 2021
                          Cost                                                                                        3,766.3              220.9           513.6         4,500.8
                          Accumulated amortisation and impairment                                                            -            (121.2)         (146.0)          (267.2)
                                                                                                                      3,766.3               99.7          367.6          4,233.6
                        1 Mainly brands and on-premise software costs, including both purchased and internally generated software.




                                                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Results




                                                                                                                                           Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 115
                        13 Intangible assets (Continued)

                                       Accounting Policies

                           Goodwill
                           Goodwill acquired in a business combination is initially measured at cost being the excess of the cost of the business combination
                           over the Group’s interest in the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities. The key
                           factor contributing to the goodwill relates to the synergies existing within the acquired businesses and also expected to be
                           achieved as a result of combining these facilities with the rest of the Group.
                           Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is determined to
                           have an indefinite life.
                           Goodwill is reviewed for impairment, annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
                           value may be impaired.
                           For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each
                           of the Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the
                           combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.




For personal use only
                           Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is so allocated such that:
                           • It represents the lowest level within the Group at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes; and
                           • Is not larger than an operating segment determined in accordance with AASB 8 Operating Segments.
                           Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating units),
                           to which the goodwill relates. When the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-generating units) is
                           less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. When goodwill forms part of a cash-generating unit (group of
                           cash-generating units) and an operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of
                           is included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on disposal of the operation. Goodwill
                           disposed of in this manner is measured based on the relative values of the operation disposed of and the portion of the
                           cash-generating unit retained. Impairment losses recognised for goodwill are not subsequently reversed.

                           Service concession assets
                           Service concession assets represent the Group’s right to operate hospitals under Service Concession Arrangements. Service
                           concession assets constructed by the Group are recorded at the fair value of consideration received or receivable for the
                           construction services delivered. Service concession assets acquired by the Group are recorded at the fair value of the assets at
                           the date of acquisition. All service concession assets are classified as intangible assets.
                           To the extent that the Group has an unconditional right to receive cash or other financial assets under the Service Concession
                           Arrangements a financial asset has been recognised. The financial asset is measured at fair value on initial recognition and
                           thereafter at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. The financial asset will be reflected on initial recognition and
                           thereafter as a ‘loan or receivable’.

                           Other Intangible assets
                           Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of an intangible asset acquired in a
                           business combination is its fair value as at the date of acquisition. Following initial recognition, intangible assets are carried at
                           cost less any accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Internally generated intangible assets, excluding
                           capitalised software development costs, are not capitalised and expenditure is charged against profits in the year in which the
                           expenditure is incurred.
                           The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortised
                           over the useful life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired.
                           Amortisation is calculated, consistent with the prior year, on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the assets
                           as follows:
                           • Service Concession Asset – over the term of the arrangement
                           • Software - 2 to 10 years
                           The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life is reviewed at least at each
                           financial year end. Changes in the expected useful life or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits
                           embodied in the asset are accounted for by changing the amortisation period or method, as appropriate, which is a change in
                           accounting estimate. The amortisation expense on intangible assets with finite lives is recognised in the Income Statement.
                           Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the cash-generating unit
                           level consistent with the methodology outlined for goodwill impairment testing. Such intangibles are not amortised. The useful
                           life of an intangible asset with an indefinite life is reviewed each reporting period to determine whether indefinite life assessment
                           continues to be supportable. If not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for as a change
                           in an accounting estimate and is thus accounted for on a prospective basis.




                        116 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        13 Intangible assets (Continued)

                                     Accounting Policies


                                                  Service Concession Assets                    Brands                            Software costs
                           Useful lives        Finite                              Indefinite                          Finite
                           Amortisation        Amortised over the period of        Not applicable                      Amortised over the period of
                           method used         the arrangement                                                         expected future benefit from the
                                                                                                                       related project on a straight
                                                                                                                       line basis


                                                                                                                                                                  Year in Review
                           Internally          Acquired                            Acquired                            Internally generated/Acquired
                           generated or
                           acquired
                           Impairment          When an indication of               Annually or more frequently         When an indication of
                           testing             impairment exists. The              if events or changes in             impairment exists. The
                                               amortisation method is reviewed     circumstances indicate that the     amortisation method is reviewed
                                               at each financial year end.         carrying value may be impaired.     at each financial year end.




For personal use only
                          Gains or losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference between the net disposal
                          proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in the Income Statement when the asset is derecognised.



                                                                                                                                                                  Our Business

                                     Key Accounting Judgements, Estimates and Assumptions

                          Useful lives of assets are estimated based on historical experience and the expected period of future consumption of embodied
                          economic benefits. Useful lives are reviewed annually and adjustments made where deemed necessary.

                                                                                                                                                               Operating and


                                                                                                                                                              Financial Review




                                                                                                                                                              Remuneration Report



                                                                                                                                                                  – Audited




                                                                                                                                                                  Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Results




                                                                                                                  Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 117
                        14 Impairment testing of goodwill

                                      Goodwill arises when the Group acquires a business. It is the portion of the purchase price that is higher than the sum
                                      of the fair value of net assets acquired, which represents the synergies expected to arise from the acquisition. Goodwill
                                      is impaired when its historical cost exceeds its current recoverable amount.



                        Description of the cash generating units                               combining acquired facilities with the rest of the Group. Goodwill
                                                                                               is tested for impairment on an annual basis, as a minimum.
                        and other relevant information
                        Goodwill acquired through business combinations has been               Goodwill has been allocated to the Asia Pacific operating
                        allocated in part to individual cash generating units and part         segment, the UK operating segment, the French operating
                        to segments as synergies are achieved from the larger Group.           segment and the Nordics operating segment as shown in the
                        Management assess goodwill by aggregating cash generating              table below. The provisional goodwill acquired through acquisition
                        units to the level of the operating segment for purposes of            of Elysium Healthcare and GHP Specialty Care were not allocated
                        impairment testing because the goodwill relates to synergies           to operating segments at 30 June 2022.
                        existing within the acquired business and synergies achieved from

                                                         Asia Pacific          UK               France            Nordics         Unallocated           Total
                                                             $m                $m                 $m               $m                 $m                 $m
                         2023                                1,182.2           1,696.9            1,297.0           1,580.3                  -           5,756.4




For personal use only
                         2022                                1,181.7             267.4            1,200.8           1,130.1           1,605.6            5,385.6




                                       Key Accounting Judgements, Estimates and Assumptions

                           The recoverable amount of the Asia Pacific operating segment, the UK operating segment, the French operating segment and
                           the Nordics operating segment has been determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow projections as at
                           30 June 2023 based on financial estimates approved by senior management and the Board of Directors covering the following
                           financial year. In determining the 2024 (year 1) cash flow projections, management has factored in the performance of the Group
                           in the current year. A growth factor is then applied to the following 4 years through to the end of the value in use models. Key
                           assumptions used in the value in use calculations are outlined in the table below. Significant assumptions used in the impairment
                           testing are inherently subjective and in times of economic uncertainty, such as that, caused by the COVID pandemic, the degree
                           of subjectivity is higher than it might otherwise be.

                                                                                             Asia Pacific          UK             France           Nordics
                                                                                                  %                %                %                %
                             Terminal growth rate (Year 5+)
                               2023                                                                   3.0               2.5             1.8               2.8
                               2022                                                                   3.0               1.9             1.3               2.0
                             Pre-tax discount rate
                               2023                                                                 10.8               9.7              6.2               7.5
                               2022                                                                  9.9              10.3              7.0               7.2

                           Key inputs in value in use calculations are:
                           • Tax rates have been estimated at 30% for Australian operations, and 21% - 26% for overseas operations consistent with the
                             current local tax legislation.
                           • Discount rates – discount rates reflect management’s estimate of the time value and the risks specific to each of the cash
                             generating units that are not already reflected in the cash flows. This is the benchmark used by management to assess
                             operating performance and to evaluate future investment proposals. In determining appropriate discount rates for each unit,
                             regard has been given to the weighted average cost of capital of the entity as a whole and adjusted for country and business
                             risk specific to the unit.
                           • Growth rate estimates – they are based on management’s internal estimates of long term growth rates for each of the cash
                             generating units.
                           Management has performed sensitivity testing by CGU and on the aggregated CGUs based on assessing the effect of changes in
                           hospital occupancy rates, health fund rates, wage increases, revenue growth rates and discount rates.
                           Detailed sensitivity testing was performed on the UK segment by decreasing the terminal growth rate from 2.5% to 1.7% which
                           results in the carrying value equalling the recoverable amount, similarly increasing the pre-tax discount rate from 9.7% to 10.4%
                           results in the carrying value equalling the recoverable amount and reducing the earnings before interest, tax, depreciation,
                           amortisation and rent, in the first year by 19.0% results in the carrying value equalling the recoverable amount.
                           For Asia Pacific, UK, France and the Nordics, management do not consider that any reasonably likely changes in hospital
                           occupancy rates, health fund rates, wage increases, revenue growth rates and discount rates would result in the carrying value of
                           goodwill exceeding the recoverable amount.




                        118 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        15 Taxes

                                     This note provides an analysis of the income tax expense and deferred tax balances, including a reconciliation of the
                                     tax expense recognised, reconciled to the Group's net profit before tax at the Group's applicable tax rate. A deferred
                                     tax asset or liability is created when there are temporary differences between the accounting profit and taxable profit,
                                     representing a future income tax receivable or payable.



                        (i) Income tax expense
                                                                                                                                    2023               2022
                                                                                                                                     $m                 $m



                                                                                                                                                                         Year in Review
                         The major components of income tax expense are:
                         Current income tax
                            Current income tax charge                                                                                   171.1              220.1
                         Deferred income tax
                            Relating to origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                12.6              (58.7)
                            Adjustments in respect of deferred income tax of previous years                                               (2.2)              (2.1)
                         Income tax expense reported in the Consolidated Income Statement                                               181.5             159.3




For personal use only
                         Income tax from continuing operations                                                                          181.5             159.3
                         Income tax from discontinued operations                                                                             -                  -


                                                                                                                                                                         Our Business
                                                                                                                                        181.5             159.3


                        (ii) Numerical reconciliation between aggregate tax expense recognised in the
                        Consolidated Income Statement and tax expense calculated per the statutory income
                        tax rate
                                                                                                                                    2023               2022
                                                                                                                                     $m                 $m
                         A reconciliation between tax expense and the product of the accounting profit before income tax                                              Operating and
                         multiplied by the Group’s applicable income tax rate is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Review
                         Profit before tax from continuing operations                                                                   527.1              523.2
                         Profit before tax from discontinued operations                                                                  19.9               15.3
                         Accounting profit before tax                                                                                   547.0              538.5

                         At the Parent Entity’s statutory income tax rate of 30% (2022: 30%)                                            164.1             161.5
                         Expenditure not allowable for income tax purposes                                                                28.9              14.7


                                                                                                                                                                     Remuneration Report
                         Amounts not assessable for income tax purposes                                                                  (10.8)            (29.6)
                         Impact of changes in foreign tax rates on deferred tax balances                                                   (5.0)             (8.1)
                         Other French income tax expense                                                                                  10.7              18.4

                                                                                                                                                                         – Audited
                         Foreign tax rate adjustment due to differences in rates between Australia and Other Countries                      5.3               2.8
                         Other                                                                                                           (11.7)              (0.4)
                         Income tax expense reported in the Consolidated Income Statement                                               181.5             159.3




                                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Results




                                                                                                                       Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 119
                        15 Taxes (Continued)
                        (iii) Recognised tax assets and liabilities
                                                                                                 2023               2023              2022              2022
                                                                                                Current           Deferred           Current          Deferred
                                                                                              income tax         income tax        income tax        income tax
                                                                                                  $m                 $m                $m                $m
                         As at 1 July                                                                (59.8)            171.5              (71.4)           222.1
                         (Charged)/credited to income                                               (171.1)             (10.4)           (220.1)            60.8
                         (Charged)/credited to equity                                                      -            (72.7)                 -             (0.8)
                         Payments                                                                    234.2                   -            229.3                 -
                         Exchange differences                                                           2.9               (6.0)              4.8             (4.3)
                         Acquisitions and disposals of subsidiary                                      (1.4)               2.6              (2.4)         (106.3)
                         As at 30 June                                                                  4.8             85.0              (59.8)           171.5

                                                                                                                                  Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                                                      2023            2022
                                                                                                                                       $m               $m
                         Amounts recognised in the Statement of Financial Position for Deferred Income Tax at 30 June:




For personal use only
                         Deferred tax liabilities
                         Inventory                                                                                                         (21.6)             (28.6)
                         Deferred revenue                                                                                                  (31.0)             (17.4)
                         Depreciable assets                                                                                              (215.2)            (178.6)
                         Derivatives                                                                                                       (22.6)                 -
                         Other provisions and lease liabilities                                                                          (163.5)            (150.0)
                         Gross deferred tax liabilities                                                                                  (453.9)            (374.6)
                         Set-off of deferred tax assets                                                                                     95.2               67.4
                         Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                                   (358.7)            (307.2)

                         Deferred tax assets
                         Employee provisions                                                                                             179.8             182.6
                         Other provisions and lease liabilities                                                                          284.2             299.2
                         Unearned income                                                                                                    8.5              23.7
                         Losses                                                                                                            66.4              35.1
                         Derivatives                                                                                                          -               5.5
                         Gross deferred tax assets                                                                                       538.9             546.1
                         Set-off of deferred tax liabilities                                                                              (95.2)            (67.4)
                         Net deferred tax assets                                                                                         443.7             478.7


                        (iv) Tax consolidation
                        Ramsay Health Care Limited and its 100% owned Australian resident subsidiaries formed a tax consolidated group effective 1 July 2003.
                        Ramsay Health Care Limited is the head entity of the tax consolidated group. Members of the group have entered into a tax funding
                        and sharing arrangement in order to allocate income tax expense to the wholly owned subsidiaries using a group allocation method on
                        a modified standalone basis. In addition, the agreement provides for the allocation of income tax liabilities between the entities should
                        the head entity default on its tax payment obligations. No amounts have been recognised in the financial statements in respect of this
                        agreement on the basis that the possibility of default is remote.

                        Tax effect accounting by members of the tax consolidated group
                        Members of the tax consolidated group have entered into a tax funding agreement. The tax funding agreement provides for the allocation
                        of current and deferred taxes using a group allocation method, on a modified standalone basis in accordance with the principles of AASB
                        112 Income Taxes. Allocations under the tax funding agreement are made every six months.
                        The allocation of taxes under the tax funding agreement is recognised as an increase/decrease in the subsidiaries' inter-company
                        accounts with the tax consolidated group head company. There is no difference between the current and deferred tax amounts allocated
                        under the tax funding agreement and the amount subsequently charged to the subsidiary. Therefore, there is no contribution/distribution
                        of the subsidiaries' equity accounts.
                        As a result of tax consolidation, intercompany assets of Ramsay Health Care Limited have decreased by $33.3 million (2022: decreased
                        by $20.0 million). This is included in the summarised information relating to Ramsay Health Care Limited. Refer to Note 25.

                        Tax losses
                        At 30 June 2023, there were nil (2022: nil) losses carried forward in the Ramsay Health Care Ltd tax consolidated group and therefore no
                        resulting deferred tax asset has been recognised. $66.4 million (2022: $35.1 million) has been recognised in relation to tax losses in other
                        tax jurisdictions.




                        120 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        15 Taxes (Continued)

                                       Accounting Policies

                          Income tax
                          Current tax assets and liabilities for the current and prior periods are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from
                          or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or
                          substantively enacted by the reporting date.
                          Deferred income tax is provided on all temporary differences at the reporting date between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
                          and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.


                                                                                                                                                                           Year in Review
                          Deferred income tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences except:
                          • when the deferred income tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in a transaction that
                            is not a business combination and that, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or
                            loss; or
                          • when the taxable temporary difference is associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates or interests in joint ventures,
                            and the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary difference will
                            not reverse in the foreseeable future.




For personal use only
                          Deferred income tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, carry-forward of unused tax assets and



                                                                                                                                                                           Our Business
                          unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary
                          differences and the carry-forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:
                          • when the deferred income tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an
                            asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
                            accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; or
                          • when the deductible temporary difference is associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates or interests in joint
                            ventures, in which case a deferred tax asset is only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary difference will
                            reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary difference can be utilised.
                          The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no
                                                                                                                                                                        Operating and
                          longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilised.
                          Unrecognised deferred income tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and are recognised to the extent that it has

                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Review
                          become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
                          Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year when the asset
                          is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the
                          reporting date.
                          Income taxes relating to items recognised directly in equity are recognised in equity and not in the Income Statement.



                                                                                                                                                                       Remuneration Report
                          Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset only if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax
                          assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to the same taxable entity and the same
                          taxation authority.


                                                                                                                                                                           – Audited
                          Other taxes
                          Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST except:
                          • where the GST incurred on a purchase of goods and services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, in which case the
                            GST is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item as applicable; and
                          • receivables and payables are stated with the amount of GST included.
                          The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority is included as part of receivables or payables in the




                                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ Report
                          Statement of Financial Position.
                          Cash flows are included in the Statement of Cash Flows on a gross basis and the GST component of cash flows arising from
                          investing and financing activities which is recoverable from, or payable to, the taxation authority are classified as operating
                          cash flows.




                                       Key Accounting Judgements, Estimates and Assumptions


                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Results
                          In determining the Group’s deferred tax assets and liabilities, management is required to make an estimate about the availability
                          of future taxable profits and cash flows. Changes in circumstances will alter expectations, which may impact the amount of tax
                          losses and temporary differences recognised.




                                                                                                                          Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 121
                        16 Other assets/liabilities (net)
                                                                                                                                                         2023         2022
                                                                                                                                                  Note    $m           $m
                          Prepayments – current and non-current                                                                                             202.3        197.1
                          Other assets – current                                                                                                              28.3         24.5
                          Assets held for sale                                                                                                    16.b      251.0             -
                          Defined employee benefit assets                                                                                         16.e        55.1         19.2
                          Other financial assets – non-current                                                                                                82.7       100.8
                          Investment in joint ventures                                                                                            16.a         0.9       238.1
                          Other receivables – non-current                                                                                          9.a      126.9          79.0
                          Provisions – current and non-current                                                                                    16.c     (493.3)      (552.8)
                          Defined employee benefit obligation                                                                                     16.e     (172.6)      (177.0)
                          Other creditors – non-current                                                                                                      (98.3)       (98.6)
                                                                                                                                                             (17.0)     (169.7)


                        16.a Investment in joint ventures




For personal use only
                                           A joint venture (JV) is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
                                           have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. The Group has a 50% interest in Ramsay Sime Darby Health Care
                                           Sdn Bhd (RSDH) (Malaysia registered company) and a 50% interest in Ascension Ramsay Global Sourcing Limited (UK
                                           registered company).


                        The Group has a 50% interest in RSDH, a joint venture involved in operating hospitals and day surgery facilities across Malaysia and
                        Indonesia, and a 50% interest in Ascension Ramsay Global Sourcing Limited. The Group’s interest in joint venture is accounted for using
                        the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.
                        On 28 June 2023, investment in RSDH was reclassified as held for sale and the equity accounting of the investment was suspended from
                        this date. The investment held for sale was presented at the carrying amount of investment in RSDH at 28 June 2023. Refer to Note 16.b
                        for further detail.

                                                                                                                                                         2023         2022
                                                                                                                                                          $m           $m
                          As at 1 July                                                                                                                      238.1        217.5
                          Share of profit of joint venture1                                                                                                  19.8         15.5
                          Reclassified as held for sale (Note 16.b)                                                                                        (251.0)            -
                          Foreign currency translation and other equity movements                                                                             (6.0)        5.1
                          As at 30 June                                                                                                                        0.9       238.1
                        1 Share of profit of joint venture is from both continuing operations and discontinued operations (refer to Note 16.b).




                        122 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        16 Other assets/liabilities (net) (Continued)

                                        Accounting Policies

                            A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net
                            assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when
                            decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
                            The considerations made in determining significant influence or joint control are similar to those necessary to determine control
                            over subsidiaries.




                                                                                                                                                                          Year in Review
                            The Group’s investment in a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method. Under the equity method, the investment in a
                            joint venture is initially recognised at cost. The carrying amount of the investment is adjusted to recognise changes in the Group’s
                            share of net assets of the joint venture since the acquisition date. Goodwill relating to the joint venture is included in the carrying
                            amount of the investment and is neither amortised nor individually tested for impairment.
                            The Income Statement reflects the Group’s share of the results of operations of the joint venture. Any change in OCI of those
                            investees is presented as part of the Group’s OCI. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity
                            of the joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the statement of changes in equity.
                            Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and the joint venture are eliminated to the extent of




For personal use only
                            the interest in the joint venture.
                            The aggregate of the Group’s share of profit or loss of a joint venture is shown on the face of the Income Statement and


                                                                                                                                                                          Our Business
                            represents profit or loss after tax and non-controlling interests in the subsidiaries of the joint venture.
                            The financial statements of the joint venture are prepared for the same reporting period as the Group. When necessary,
                            adjustments are made to bring the accounting policies in line with those of the Group.
                            After application of the equity method, the Group determines whether it is necessary to recognise an impairment loss on its
                            investment in the joint venture. At each reporting date, the Group determines whether there is objective evidence that the
                            investment in the joint venture is impaired. If there is such evidence, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the
                            difference between the recoverable amount of the joint venture and its carrying value, then recognises the loss as ‘Share of profit
                            of joint venture’ in the Income Statement.


                                                                                                                                                                       Operating and
                            Upon loss of joint control over the joint venture, the Group measures and recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any
                            difference between the carrying amount of the joint venture upon loss of joint control and the fair value of the retained investment
                            and proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.

                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Review

                        16.b Assets held for sale/Discontinued operations

                                       Assets held for sales/Discontinued operations is a component of Ramsay Group that represents a separate major line


                                                                                                                                                                      Remuneration Report
                                       of business or geographical area of operation that is held for sale. This section presents the profit or loss, cash flows
                                       and assets and liabilities from the components of the Group that are subject to a committed plan for sale.




                                                                                                                                                                          – Audited
                        Sale of Ramsay Sime Darby Health Care Sdn Bhd (RSDH)
                        On 28 June 2023, the Group publicly announced the decision, together with the joint venture partner Sime Darby Berhad, to sell the
                        50:50 joint venture company RSDH. The sale of RSDH is expected to be completed within a year from the reporting date. At 28 June
                        2023, the Group classified the investment in RSDH JV as a discontinued operation and as an investment held for sale. The investment
                        held for sale was measured at the carrying amount of the equity accounted investment in RSDH JV at 28 June 2023.
                        The share of profit of RSDH JV was included in the Asia Pacific Segment. With the investment being classified as a discontinued




                                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report
                        operation, during the period, the profit from this investment is no longer included in the segment note (Note 1) in the current year. The
                        prior year comparative in the segment note has also been restated.




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Results




                                                                                                                          Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 123
                        16 Other assets/liabilities (net) (Continued)
                                                                                                                                       2023               2022
                                                                                                                                        $m                 $m
                         Assets of the discontinued operations
                         Investment in joint ventures                                                                                      251.0                     -
                         Total assets held for sale                                                                                        251.0                     -
                         Results of the discontinued operations
                         Share of profit of joint venture                                                                                    19.9                 15.3
                         Profit before income tax and finance costs                                                                          19.9                 15.3
                         Net finance costs                                                                                                      -                    -
                         Profit before income tax                                                                                            19.9                 15.3
                         Income tax                                                                                                             -                    -
                         Profit after tax from discontinued operations                                                                       19.9                 15.3
                         Cash flows of the discontinued operations
                         Operating                                                                                                               -                   -
                         Investing                                                                                                               -                   -
                         Financing                                                                                                               -                   -
                         Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                                    -                   -




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                      2023               2022
                                                                                                                                     Cents per          Cents per
                                                                                                                                      Share              Share
                         Contribution to earnings per share by the discontinued operations
                           Basic earnings per share (after CARES dividend)                                                                    8.7                  6.7
                           Diluted earnings per share (after CARES dividend)                                                                  8.7                  6.7




                                       Accounting Policies

                           The Group classifies non-current assets and disposal groups as held for sale if their carrying amounts will be recovered principally
                           through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale
                           are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell. Costs to sell are the incremental costs directly
                           attributable to the disposal of an asset (disposal group), excluding finance costs and income tax expense.
                           The criteria for held for sale classification is regarded as met only when the sale is highly probable, and the asset or disposal
                           group is available for immediate sale in its present condition. Actions required to complete the sale should indicate that it is
                           unlikely that significant changes to the sale will be made or that the decision to sell will be withdrawn. Management must
                           be committed to the plan to sell the asset and the sale is expected to be completed within one year from the date of
                           the classification.
                           The carrying amount of investment in joint venture is not adjusted to recognise changes in the Group’s share of net assets of the
                           joint venture once classified as held for sale.
                           Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale are presented separately as current items in the Statement of Financial Position.
                           Discontinued operations are excluded from the results of continuing operations and are presented as a single amount as profit or
                           loss after tax from discontinued operations in the Income Statement.




                                       Key Accounting Judgements, Estimates and Assumptions

                           The Group considered the investment in RSDH JV to meet the criteria to be classified as held for sale at 28 June 2023 for the
                           following reasons:
                           • RSDH is available for immediate sale and can be sold in its current condition.
                           • The actions to complete the sale were initiated and expected to be completed within one year from the date of
                             initial classification.
                           • Ramsay annouced that, together with its JV partner Sime Darby Berhad, a decision was made to explore the possibility of
                             realising a sale of RSDH JV on 28 June 2023.




                        124 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        16 Other assets/liabilities (net) (Continued)
                        16.c Provisions

                                     A provision is a liability with uncertain timing and amount, but the expected settlement amount can be reliably
                                     estimated by the Group. The main provisions held are in relation to insurance, restructuring, legal obligations,
                                     unfavourable contracts and employee benefits.



                                                                                                                                    2023                2022
                                                                                                                                     $m                  $m
                         Current


                                                                                                                                                                        Year in Review
                         Restructuring provision                                                                                         18.4              19.8
                         Unfavourable contracts                                                                                           3.5               3.4
                         Insurance provision                                                                                             12.8              18.3
                         Legal and compliance provision                                                                                  42.2              83.8
                         Self-insured workers compensation                                                                                7.5               5.3
                         Other provisions                                                                                                41.4              65.4




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                        125.8             196.0
                         Non-current



                                                                                                                                                                        Our Business
                         Employee and Director entitlements                                                                              40.3              39.7
                         Unfavourable contracts                                                                                          40.4              40.6
                         Insurance provision                                                                                             68.2              67.7
                         Restructuring provision                                                                                         36.4              32.7
                         Legal and compliance provision                                                                                 162.9             162.4
                         Self-insured workers compensation                                                                               14.4              11.5
                         Other provisions                                                                                                 4.9               2.2
                                                                                                                                        367.5             356.8

                                                                                                                                                                     Operating and
                         Total                                                                                                          493.3             552.8

                        Movements in provisions
                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Review
                                                                                                                       Self-
                                                                                          Unfavourable Legal and     insured     Other
                                                                Restructuring Insurance    contracts compliance     workers    provisions                Total
                                                                     $m          $m           $m          $m      compensation    $m                      $m
                         As at 1 July 2022                            52.5         86.0        44.0       246.2          16.8       67.6                  513.1
                         Arising during the year                          -        10.4            -        16.5         16.9       10.2                    54.0

                                                                                                                                                                    Remuneration Report
                         Utilised during the year                      (4.2)        (9.7)       (3.3)      (16.7)       (11.8)     (10.0)                  (55.7)
                         Unused amounts reversed                       (6.0)        (6.3)          -       (44.5)            -     (22.9)                  (79.7)


                                                                                                                                                                        – Audited
                         Exchange differences                         12.5           0.6         3.2         3.6             -        1.4                   21.3
                         As at 30 June 2023                           54.8         81.0        43.9       205.1          21.9       46.3                  453.0

                         Current 2023                                  18.4          12.8           3.5          42.2            7.5          41.4        125.8
                         Non-current 2023                              36.4          68.2          40.4         162.9           14.4           4.9        327.2
                                                                       54.8          81.0          43.9         205.1           21.9          46.3        453.0




                                                                                                                                                                        Directors’ Report
                         Current 2022                                  19.8          18.3           3.4          83.8            5.3          65.4        196.0
                         Non-current 2022                              32.7          67.7          40.6         162.4           11.5           2.2        317.1
                                                                       52.5          86.0          44.0         246.2           16.8          67.6        513.1




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Results




                                                                                                                        Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 125
                        16 Other assets/liabilities (net) (Continued)
                        Nature and timing of provisions
                        Restructuring provision
                        The restructuring provision primarily relates to:
                        • the restructuring of the Group subsequent to acquisitions. Provisions are made in the year the restructuring plans are drawn up and
                          announced to employees; and
                        • restructuring of entities with the Group.

                        Insurance provision
                        Insurance policies are entered into to cover the various insurable risks. These policies have varying levels of deductibles. The medical
                        malpractice provision is made to cover deductibles arising under the Medical Malpractice Insurance policy, including potential uninsured
                        and ‘Incurred but not Reported’ claims.

                        Employee leave benefits
                        Wages, salaries, and annual leave
                        Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and annual leave expected to be settled within 12 months of the
                        reporting date are recognised in 'Trade and other creditors' in respect of employees' services up to the reporting date. They are
                        measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled.
                        Long service leave




For personal use only
                        The liability for long service leave is recognised in the provision for employee entitlements and measured as the present value of
                        expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by employees up to the reporting date using the projected unit
                        credit method. Consideration is given to expected future wage and salary levels, experience of employee departures, and periods of
                        service. Expected future payments are discounted using market yields at the reporting date on high quality corporate bonds with terms to
                        maturity and currencies that match, as closely as possible, the estimated future cash outflows.

                        Unfavourable contracts
                        This provision consists of VAT and other taxes payable on impaired right of use assets for certain leases.

                        Legal and compliance provision
                        The legal and compliance provision primarily relates to amounts provided for litigation that is currently in the court process or a matter
                        under review by a relevant authority.

                        Self-insured workers compensation
                        The Australian Group is self-insured for workers compensation claims. Provisions are recognised based on claims reported and an
                        estimate of claims incurred but not reported. These provisions are determined on a discounted basis, using an actuarial valuation
                        performed at each reporting date. The Australian Group has entered into bank guarantees in relation to its self-insured workers
                        compensation obligations, refer to Note 19.




                                         Accounting Policies

                            Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable
                            that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be
                            made of the amount of the obligation.
                            Where the Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, for example under an insurance contract, the
                            reimbursement is recognised as a separate asset but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain. The expense relating
                            to any provision is presented in the Income Statement net of any reimbursement.
                            If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a
                            pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and, where appropriate, the risks specific to the
                            liability. Where discounting is used, the increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as a finance cost.




                                         Key Accounting Judgements, Estimates and Assumptions

                            The insurance provision is actuarially assessed at each reporting period using a probability of sufficiency between 80% - 95%
                            based on differing exposures to risk. The greatest uncertainty in estimating the provision is the costs that will ultimately be
                            incurred which is estimated using historical claims, market information and other actuarial assessments. Included in the insurance
                            provision is an amount for claiming handling expenses at between 5%-10% of the estimated Ramsay claim cost.




                        126 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        16 Other assets/liabilities (net) (Continued)
                        16.d Superannuation commitments
                        The Group contributes to industry and individual superannuation funds established for the provision of benefits to employees of entities
                        within the economic entity on retirement, death or disability. Benefits provided under these plans are based on contributions for each
                        employee and for retirement are equivalent to accumulated contributions and earnings. All death and disability benefits are insured with
                        various life insurance companies. The entity contributes to the funds at various agreed contribution levels, which are not less than the
                        statutory minimum.

                        16.e Defined employee benefit obligation

                                      A defined benefit plan is an employer-based program that pays retirement benefits based on a predetermined formula


                                                                                                                                                                           Year in Review
                                      such as the employee’s length of employment, age and salary history. The Group has a defined employee benefit
                                      obligation in France as required to be paid under local legislation. There is also a defined benefit obligation in
                                      the Nordics.
                            In contrast to a defined contribution plan, the employer, not the employee, is responsible for all of the planning and investment
                            risk of a defined benefit plan. The Group has a defined contribution obligation in other jurisdictions. Refer Note 16.d.




For personal use only
                        The following tables summarise the funded status and amounts recognised in the consolidated Statement of Financial Position for
                        the plans:


                                                                                                                                                                           Our Business
                                                                               2023              2022              2021               2020              2019
                                                                                $m                $m                $m                 $m                $m
                         Net (liability) included in the Statement of
                         Financial Position
                         Present value of defined benefit obligation                 (384.4)         (386.6)           (473.5)            (418.4)           (389.9)
                         Fair value of plans assets                                   266.9           228.8             224.4              195.5             174.6
                         Net (liability) – non-current                              (117.5)         (157.8)           (249.1)            (222.9)           (215.3)


                                                                                                                                                                        Operating and
                                                                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                                                                       $m                $m

                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Review
                         As presented on the Statement of Financial Position
                         Defined benefit obligation asset                                                                                  55.1              19.2
                         Defined benefit obligation liability                                                                            (172.6)           (177.0)
                                                                                                                                         (117.5)           (157.8)

                                                                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                                                                       $m                $m

                                                                                                                                                                       Remuneration Report
                         Net expense for the defined employee benefit obligation (Note 3) (recognised in                                   15.3                 28.8
                         superannuation expenses)



                                                                                                                                                                           – Audited
                                                                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                                                                       $m                $m
                         Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation are as follows:
                         As at 1 July                                                                                                    (386.6)           (473.5)
                         Current service cost                                                                                              (10.4)            (24.0)
                         Finance cost                                                                                                        (4.9)             (5.7)
                         Benefits paid                                                                                                      13.9              11.4




                                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ Report
                         Actuarial gains/(losses)                                                                                           17.5              71.4
                         Exchange differences on foreign plans                                                                             (13.9)             33.8
                         As at 30 June                                                                                                   (384.4)           (386.6)

                         Changes in the fair value of plan assets are as follows:
                         As at 1 July                                                                                                    228.8              224.4
                         Expected return                                                                                                      -                 3.4
                         Contributions by employer                                                                                        19.8                16.8
                         Benefits paid                                                                                                     (4.0)               (3.7)
                         Actuarial gains                                                                                                  26.2                  9.1



                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Results
                         Exchange differences on foreign plans                                                                             (3.9)             (21.2)
                         As at 30 June                                                                                                   266.9              228.8

                         Actuarial return on plan assets                                                                                        -                3.4




                                                                                                                        Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 127
                        16 Other assets/liabilities (net) (Continued)
                        Plan assets are invested as follows:

                                                                                                                                     2023                 2022
                                                                                                                                       %                    %
                         Equities                                                                                                        28.9                 28.9
                         Bonds                                                                                                           40.3                 40.3
                         Property                                                                                                        10.4                 10.4
                         Other                                                                                                           20.4                 20.4

                        The Group expects to contribute nil to its defined benefit obligations in 2024.

                                                                                                                                     2023                 2022
                                                                                                                                      $m                   $m
                         Actuarial (gains)/losses recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income                                   (43.7)               (80.5)
                         Cumulative actuarial losses recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income                                 18.1                 61.8

                        The principal actuarial assumptions used in determining obligations for the liabilities are shown below (expressed as weighted averages):

                                                                                                                                     2023                 2022




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                       %                    %
                         Discount rate                                                                                                2.0 to 3.6           3.1 to 3.4
                         Future salary increases                                                                                       1.8 to 3.2          1.8 to 3.4
                         Future pension increases                                                                                     2.0 to 3.3           1.0 to 2.0




                                        Accounting Policies

                            The Group has defined employee benefit obligations in the Nordics and in France, arising from local legislative requirements.
                            The cost of providing benefits under these obligations are determined using the projected unit credit method using actuarial
                            valuations. Actuarial gains and losses for the defined obligation are recognised in full in the period in which they occur in
                            Other Comprehensive Income. Such actuarial gains and losses are also immediately recognised in retained earnings and are not
                            reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.
                            Unvested past service costs are recognised as an expense on a straight line basis over the average period until the benefits
                            become vested. Past service costs are recognised immediately if the benefits have already vested, immediately following the
                            introduction of, or changes to, the obligation.
                            The defined benefit liability comprises the present value of the defined benefit obligation (using a discount rate based on
                            corporate bonds) less unrecognised past service costs.




                                        Key Accounting Judgements, Estimates and Assumptions

                            The actuarial valuation involves making assumptions about discount rates, future salary increases and mortality rates. All
                            assumptions are reviewed at each reporting date. In determining the appropriate discount rates, the interest rates of corporate
                            bonds in France and the Nordics is considered. The mortality rate is based on publicly available mortality rates for France and the
                            Nordics. Future salary increases are based on expected future inflation rates in France and the Nordics.




                        128 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        IV Risk Management
                                       This section discusses the Group’s exposure to various risks and shows how these could affect the Group’s financial
                                       position and performance.




                        17 Financial risk management

                                       This note provides a summary of the Group’s exposure to key financial risks, including interest rate, foreign currency,



                                                                                                                                                                                 Year in Review
                                       credit and liquidity risks, along with the Group’s policies and strategies to mitigate these risks. There have been no
                                       material changes to the Group's risk management policies since 1 July 2022.



                        Primary responsibility for identification and control of financial risks rests with the Audit Committee under the authority of the Board. The
                        Board reviews and agrees policies for managing each of the risks identified below, including the setting of limits for trading in derivatives,
                        hedging cover of foreign currency and interest rate risk, credit allowances, and future cash flow forecast projections.
                        The Group's principal financial instruments comprise receivables, payables, bank loans and overdrafts, cash and short-term deposits,




For personal use only
                        derivatives, and other financial assets.



                                                                                                                                                                                 Our Business
                        The Group manages its exposure to key financial risks, including market risk (interest rate and foreign currency risk), credit risk and
                        liquidity risk in accordance with the Group's financial risk management policy. The objective of the policy is to support the delivery of the
                        Group's financial targets whilst protecting future financial security.
                        The Group enters into derivative transactions, principally interest rate swap contracts and foreign exchange forward contracts. The
                        purpose is to manage the interest rate and currency risks arising from the Group's operations and its sources of finance. The main risks
                        arising from the Group's financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group uses
                        different methods to measure and manage different types of risks to which it is exposed. These include monitoring levels of exposure to
                        interest rate and foreign exchange risk and assessments of market forecasts for interest rate and foreign exchange. Ageing analyses and
                        monitoring of specific credit allowances are undertaken to manage credit risk and liquidity risk is monitored through the development of

                                                                                                                                                                              Operating and
                        future rolling cash flow forecasts.
                        The Group has entered into Syndicated Facility Agreements with its Banks. The Syndicated Facility Agreements are with prime financial

                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Review
                        institutions. By entering into Syndicated Facility Agreements with a number of financial institutions in addition to Bilateral Facility
                        Agreements, the Group has reduced its counterparty risk.

                        Interest rate risk
                        Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate due to changes in market interest
                        rates. The Group's exposure to market interest rates relates primarily to the Group's long-term debt obligations with floating interest rates.


                                                                                                                                                                             Remuneration Report
                        The level of debt is disclosed in Note 8.b.
                        At reporting date, the Group had the following mix of financial assets and liabilities exposed to variable interest rates:



                                                                                                                                                                                 – Audited
                                                                                                                                          2023                2022
                                                                                                                                           $m                  $m
                         Financial Assets
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                             656.2              314.2

                         Financial Liabilities
                         Bank Loans                                                                                                         (1,542.5)          (4,146.7)



                                                                                                                                                                                 Directors’ Report
                         Net exposure                                                                                                         (886.3)          (3,832.5)

                        Interest rate derivatives contracts are outlined in Note 8.d, with a net positive fair value of $119.4 million (2022: net positive $54.3 million)
                        which are exposed to fair value movements if interest rates change.

                        Interest rate sensitivity
                        The following sensitivity analysis has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for both derivative and non-derivative
                        instruments at the end of the reporting period and the stipulated change taking place at the beginning of the financial year and held
                        constant throughout the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Results




                                                                                                                            Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 129
                        17 Financial risk management (Continued)
                        At the end of the reporting period, as specified in the following table, if the interest rates had been higher or lower than the year end rates
                        and all other variables were held constant, the consolidated entity’s post tax profit and Other Comprehensive Income would have been
                        affected as follows:

                                                                                                      Post Tax Profit                 Other Comprehensive Income
                         Judgements of reasonably possible movements:                                 Higher/(Lower)                         Higher/(Lower)
                                                                                                   2023            2022                  2023            2022
                                                                                                    $m               $m                   $m              $m
                         AUD
                         +100 basis points (2022: +100 basis points)                                       0.3               (8.7)             41.2               11.8
                         -100 basis points (2022: -100 basis points)                                      (0.4)               8.7             (43.1)             (12.2)
                         GBP
                         +100 basis points (2022: +100 basis points)                                       0.2                0.5                  -                  -
                         -100 basis points (2022: -100 basis points)                                      (0.2)              (0.5)                 -                  -
                         EUR
                         +100 basis points (2022: +20 basis points)                                       (4.1)              (1.2)             30.2                   -
                         -100 basis points (2022: -20 basis points)                                        4.0                1.2             (31.6)                  -


                        Foreign currency risk




For personal use only
                        Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in foreign
                        exchange rates. The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates relates primarily to the Group’s operating activities
                        (when revenue or expense is denominated in a different currency from the functional currency).
                        The Group manages its foreign exchange rate exposure within approved policy parameters by utilising foreign currency swaps
                        and forwards.
                        When a derivative is entered into for the purpose of being a hedging instrument, the Group negotiates the terms of those derivatives to
                        match the terms of the hedged exposure. For hedges of forecast transactions, the derivatives cover the period of exposure from the point
                        the cash flows of the transactions are forecasted up to the point of settlement of the resulting receivable or payable that is denominated
                        in foreign currency.

                        Foreign currency sensitivity
                        The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible changes in Euro exchange rates, with all other variables held
                        constant. The impact on the Group’s equity is in relation to the loan and cash balances of the Group's subsidiary. The Group’s exposure to
                        foreign currency changes for all other currencies is not material.

                                                                                                      Post Tax Profit                 Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                                      Higher/(Lower)                         Higher/(Lower)
                                                                                                   2023            2022                  2023            2022
                                                                                                    $m               $m                   $m              $m
                         Euro (EUR)
                         +10% (2022: +10%)                                                                   -                  -             164.8              173.1
                         -10% (2022: -10%)                                                                   -                  -            (201.4)            (211.2)


                        Credit risk
                        Credit risk arises from the financial assets of the Group, which comprise cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables,
                        derivative instruments and other financial instruments. The Group's exposure to credit risk arises from potential default of the counter
                        party, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amount of these instruments. Exposure at reporting date is addressed in each
                        applicable note.

                        Trade receivables
                        The Group trades only with recognised, creditworthy third parties, and as such collateral is not requested nor is it the Group's policy to
                        securitise its trade and other receivables. The majority of transactions are with the Governments and Health Funds.
                        The Group’s credit policy requires all debtors to pay in accordance with agreed terms. The payment terms for the major debtors range
                        from 15 days to 30 days.
                        Collectability of trade receivables is reviewed on an ongoing basis at an operating unit level. Individual debts that are known to be
                        uncollectable are written off when identified. An impairment provision is recognised based on expected credit loss where the Group
                        measures the impairment using a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. Financial difficulties of the debtor, default
                        payments or debts more than 60 days overdue are considered in default. The amount of the impairment loss is the receivable carrying
                        amount compared to the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at the original effective interest rate.
                        The Group’s credit risk is spread across a number of Health Funds and Governments. Whilst the Group does have significant credit risk
                        exposure to a single debtor or group of related debtors, the credit quality of these debtors is considered high, as they are either Health
                        Funds, governed by the prudential requirements of APRA, or Governments.
                        The credit quality of financial assets that are neither past due nor impaired is considered to be high, due to the absence of defaults, and
                        the fact that the Group deals with creditworthy Health Funds and the Governments. Management has also put in place procedures to
                        constantly monitor the exposures in order to manage its credit risk.




                        130 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        17 Financial risk management (Continued)
                        Financial instruments and cash deposits
                        Credit risks related to balances with banks and financial institutions are managed by Ramsay Group Treasury in accordance with Board
                        approved policies. Such policies only allow financial derivative instruments to be entered into with high credit quality financial institutions
                        with a minimum long-term credit rating of A- or better by Standard & Poor’s. In addition, the Board has approved the use of these financial
                        institutions, and specific internal guidelines have been established with regard to limits, dealing and settlement procedures. Limits are
                        set to minimise the concentration of risks and therefore mitigate financial loss through potential counterparty failure. The investment of
                        surplus funds is made only with approved counterparties and within credit risk in relation to derivatives undertaken in accordance with the
                        consolidated entity’s hedging and risk management activities.
                        The Group does not hold any credit derivatives to off-set its credit risk exposure. The Group’s maximum exposure for financial derivative
                        instruments is noted in the liquidity table below.




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Year in Review
                        Liquidity risk
                        Liquidity risk arises from the financial liabilities of the Group and the Group’s subsequent ability to meet their obligations to repay their
                        financial liabilities as and when they fall due.
                        The Group's objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of bank overdrafts, bank
                        loans, bonds and leases.
                        To monitor existing financial assets and liabilities as well as to enable an effective controlling of future risks, Ramsay has established
                        management reporting covering its worldwide business units that reflects expectations of management’s expected settlement of financial




For personal use only
                        assets and liabilities.




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Our Business
                        The Group continually reviews its liquidity position including cash flow forecasts to determine the forecast liquidity position and maintain
                        appropriate liquidity levels.
                        The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted payments.

                                                                                             Less than 3                 3 to 12
                                                                                               months                    months               1 to 5 years               > 5 years        Total
                                                                                                 $m                        $m                      $m                       $m             $m
                          As at 30 June 2023
                          Trade and other liabilities                                              (3,108.7)                       -                       -                        -       (3,108.7)

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Operating and
                          Loans and borrowings                                                         (73.2)                 (316.1)               (5,980.1)                  (398.2)      (6,767.5)
                          Lease liabilities                                                          (171.6)                  (514.7)               (1,950.7)                (6,809.5)      (9,446.4)
                          Financial derivatives1                                                           -                       -                       -                        -              -
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Review
                                                                                                   (3,353.4)                  (830.7)               (7,930.9)                (7,207.7)    (19,322.6)

                          As at 30 June 2022
                          Trade and other liabilities                                              (3,027.3)                       -                       -                        -       (3,027.3)
                          Loans and borrowings                                                         (26.5)                 (170.9)               (5,024.3)                  (264.7)      (5,486.4)
                          Lease liabilities                                                          (149.2)                  (447.7)               (1,504.3)                (6,549.5)      (8,650.7)


                                                                                                                                                                                                        Remuneration Report
                          Financial derivatives1                                                           -                       -                       -                        -              -
                                                                                                   (3,203.0)                  (618.6)               (6,528.6)                (6,814.2)    (17,164.4)
                        1 Derivatives in the current financial year are a financial asset based on current market rates. Hence they are not included in the liquidity risk table above.


                                                                                                                                                                                                            – Audited
                        The disclosed financial derivative instruments in the above table are the net undiscounted cash flows. However, those amounts may be
                        settled gross or net.




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Results




                                                                                                                                                         Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 131
                        V Other Information
                                           This section includes other information that must be disclosed to comply with the accounting standards and other
                                           pronouncements, but that is not immediately related to individual line items in the financial statements.




                        18 Share based payment plans

                                           A share based payment is a transaction in which the Group receives goods or services in exchange for rights to its own
                                           shares. Ramsay operates a performance rights scheme, where share rights may be issued to eligible employees.




                        An executive performance rights scheme was established in January 2004 where Ramsay Health Care Limited may, at the discretion of
                        the Board, grant rights over the ordinary shares of Ramsay Health Care Limited to executives of the consolidated entity. The rights are
                        issued for nil consideration and are granted in accordance with the plan’s guidelines established by the Directors of Ramsay Health Care
                        Limited. The rights cannot be transferred and will not be quoted on the ASX. Non-executive directors are not eligible for this plan.




For personal use only
                        Information with respect to the number of rights granted under the Executive Performance Rights Plan is as follows:

                                                                                                                                     2023                                 2022
                                                                                                                                             Weighted                           Weighted
                                                                                                                      Number of             Average Fair        Number of      Average Fair
                                                                                                                       Rights                  Value             Rights           Value
                          Balance at beginning of year                                                                   633,164                                 1,044,337
                            granted                                                                                      188,949                      $44.41       220,614            $53.30
                            vested                                                                                         (9,902)                   $66.25         (29,042)          $66.22
                            forfeited                                                                                   (224,343)                    $50.73       (602,745)           $40.30
                          Balance at end of year                                                                         587,868                                   633,164

                          Exercisable at end of year                                                                                 -                                    -

                        The following table summarises information about rights held by participants in the Executive Performance Rights Plan as at
                        30 June 2023:

                                                                                                                                                                                 Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                  Average
                          Number of Rights                                                                                                    Grant Date       Vesting Date1     Fair Value2
                          102,146                                                                                                               15-Dec-20         31-Aug-23             $27.14
                          102,161                                                                                                               15-Dec-20         31-Aug-23            $59.45
                          92,329                                                                                                                 15-Dec-21        31-Aug-24            $42.05
                          92,334                                                                                                                 15-Dec-21        31-Aug-24            $64.55
                          9,130                                                                                                                 25-Feb-22         31-Aug-24            $42.05
                          9,127                                                                                                                 25-Feb-22         31-Aug-25            $64.55
                          89,337                                                                                                                15-Dec-22         31-Aug-25            $27.60
                          89,313                                                                                                                15-Dec-22         31-Aug-25            $61.22
                          996                                                                                                                   20-Feb-23         31-Aug-25            $27.60
                          995                                                                                                                   20-Feb-23         31-Aug-25            $61.22
                          587,868
                        1 The vesting date shown is the most likely vesting date subject to full satisfaction of the respective performance conditions.
                        2 Fair value at grant date




                        132 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        18 Share based payment plans (Continued)

                                     Accounting Policies

                         The Group provides benefits to employees (including Executive Directors) of the Group in the form of share-based payment
                         transactions, whereby employees render services in exchange for shares or rights over shares (equity-settled transactions).
                         There is currently one plan in place to provide these benefits, being the Executive Performance Rights Plan (Equity-settled
                         transactions), which provides benefits to senior executives and Directors.
                         The cost of these equity settled transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value at the date at which they



                                                                                                                                                                         Year in Review
                         were granted. The fair value is determined by an external valuer using the Monte Carlo or the Black Scholes models.
                         In valuing equity-settled transactions, no account is taken of any performance conditions, other than conditions linked to the price
                         of the shares of Ramsay Health Care Limited (market conditions).

                         Equity-settled transactions
                         The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in equity (Share Based Payment
                         Reserve), over the period in which the performance conditions are fulfilled, ending on the date on which the relevant employees
                         become fully entitled to the award (vesting date).




For personal use only
                         The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at each reporting date until vesting date reflects:



                                                                                                                                                                         Our Business
                         • The extent to which the vesting period has expired and
                         • The number of awards that, in the opinion of the Directors of the Group, will ultimately vest. This opinion is formed based on the
                           best available information at reporting date.
                         No adjustment is made for the likelihood of market performance conditions being met as the effect of these conditions is included
                         in the determination of fair value at grant date.

                         Treasury Shares
                         Shares in the Group held by the Executive Performance Rights Plan are classified and disclosed as Treasury shares and deducted
                         from equity.

                                                                                                                                                                      Operating and


                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Review
                                     Key Accounting Judgements, Estimates and Assumptions

                         Performance rights are issued for nil consideration and are granted in accordance with the plan’s guidelines established by the
                         Directors of Ramsay Health Care Limited.


                                                                                                                                                                     Remuneration Report
                         The fair value of share rights with TSR performance conditions (market based conditions) are estimated on the date of grant
                         using a Monte Carlo model. The fair value of share rights with non-market performance conditions are estimated at the date of
                         grant using the Black Scholes Option Pricing model. The following weighted average assumptions were used for grants made on
                         15 December 2020, 15 December 2021 and 15 December 2022:

                                                                                                                 Granted           Granted           Granted             – Audited
                                                                                                                15-Dec-22         15-Dec-21         15-Dec-20
                          Dividend yield                                                                            2.33%           2.21%             2.40%
                          Expected volatility                                                                      32.82%          29.56%            30.32%
                          Risk-free interest rate                                                                   3.14%           0.86%             0.10%




                                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ Report
                          Effective life of incentive right                                                         3 years        3 years           3 years

                         The expected volatility is based on the historic volatility (based on the remaining life of the options), adjusted for any expected
                         changes to future volatility due to publicly available information.
                         The dividend yield reflects the assumption that the current dividend payout will continue with no anticipated increases. The
                         expected life of the rights is based on historical data and is not necessarily indicative of exercise patterns that may occur. The
                         expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which may also not necessarily
                         be the actual outcome.




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Results




                                                                                                                         Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 133
                        19 Capital commitments and contingent liabilities

                                       Capital commitments are the Group's contractual obligation to make future payments in relation to purchases of assets.
                                       Contingent liabilities are possible future cash payments arising from past events that are not recognised in the financial
                                       statements, as the likelihood of payment is not considered probable or cannot be reliably measured.




                        19.a Capital commitments
                        Significant capital expenditure contracted for at the end of the reporting period but not recognised as liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                                                         2023                2022
                                                                                                                                          $m                  $m
                         Property, plant and equipment                                                                                      208.5               298.8


                        19.b Contingent liabilities
                        The Group has a number of bank guarantees to third parties for various operational and legal purposes, none of which are individually




For personal use only
                        material to the Group. No provision has been made in the financial statements in respect of these bank guarantees, as the probability of
                        having to make a payment under these guarantees is considered remote.
                        The only material guarantee is for workers compensation self-insurance liabilities as required by State WorkCover authorities for
                        $48.2 million as at 30 June 2023 (2022: $40.6 million). A provision for self-insured risks relating to workers compensation claims has
                        been provided for (Refer Note 16.c).


                        20 Subsequent events

                                       This note outlines events which have occurred between the reporting date, being 30 June 2023, and the date this
                                       financial report is authorised.




                        There have been no significant events after the reporting date that may significantly affect the Group’s operations in future years, the
                        results of these operations in future years or the Group’s state of affairs in future years.




                        134 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        21 Related party transactions

                                       This note discloses the Group’s transactions with its related parties, including their relatives or related businesses.




                        Transactions with Related Party Entities
                        As at 30 June 2023 there were no outstanding transactions (2022: $nil) to be billed to or billed from related party entities.

                        Compensation of Key Management Personnel


                                                                                                                                                                           Year in Review
                                                                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                                                                          $                  $
                         Non-Executive Directors
                         Short term benefits                                                                                            2,316,402         2,264,421
                         Post-employment benefits                                                                                         192,376           170,945
                                                                                                                                        2,508,778         2,435,366




For personal use only
                         Executive Directors
                         Short term benefits                                                                                            2,508,497         3,013,110



                                                                                                                                                                           Our Business
                         Post-employment benefits                                                                                          25,292            23,568
                         Other long term benefits                                                                                         638,109           543,582
                         Performance/Incentive rights                                                                                   2,564,244         2,107,511
                                                                                                                                        5,736,142         5,687,771
                         Executives
                         Short term benefits                                                                                            1,287,208         1,431,432
                         Post-employment benefits                                                                                          25,292            23,568
                         Other long term benefits                                                                                         224,528           259,548

                                                                                                                                                                        Operating and
                         Performance/Incentive rights                                                                                     892,833           827,897
                                                                                                                                        2,429,861         2,542,445
                         Total
                         Short term benefits                                                                                           6,112,107          6,708,963    Financial Review
                         Post-employment benefits                                                                                        242,960            218,081
                         Other long term benefits                                                                                        862,637            803,130
                         Performance/Incentive rights                                                                                  3,457,077          2,935,408
                                                                                                                                      10,674,781         10,665,582


                                                                                                                                                                       Remuneration Report



                                                                                                                                                                           – Audited




                                                                                                                                                                           Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Results




                                                                                                                           Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 135
                        22 Auditors’ remuneration

                                      This note summarises the total remuneration received or receivable by the Group’s external auditors for their audit,
                                      assurance and other services.




                                                                                                                                    2023              2022
                                                                                                                                      $                 $
                         Amounts received or due and receivable by Ernst & Young (Australia) for:
                           An audit or review of the financial report of the entity and any other entity in the
                                                                                                                                   2,692,414         2,461,495
                           consolidated group
                           Fees for other assurance and agreed-upon-procedures services under other legislation or
                           contractual arrangements where there is discretion as to whether the service is provided by               177,000           120,000
                           the auditor or another firm
                           Other services in relation to the entity and any other entity in the consolidated group
                               Tax compliance                                                                                        249,496           210,978
                               Assurance related                                                                                       7,800            10,000
                               Advisory services                                                                                     134,500                 -




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                   3,261,210         2,802,473
                         Amounts received or due and receivable by overseas member firms of Ernst & Young
                         (Australia) for:
                           An audit or review of the financial report of the entity and any other entity in the
                                                                                                                                   5,183,049         4,302,839
                           consolidated group
                           Other services in relation to the entity and any other entity in the consolidated group
                                Tax compliance                                                                                       213,150           142,831
                                Assurance related                                                                                     92,381                 -
                                                                                                                                   5,488,580         4,445,670
                         Total                                                                                                     8,749,790         7,248,143

                         The total fees paid to Ernst & Young member firms by service type are:
                           Audit Services                                                                                          7,875,463         6,764,334
                           Non-audit Services                                                                                        874,327           483,809
                         Total                                                                                                     8,749,790         7,248,143

                         Amounts received or due and receivable by non-Ernst & Young audit firms for:
                           Audit or review of the financial report                                                                 2,693,223         2,459,569




                        136 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        23 Information relating to subsidiaries

                                           This note provides a list of all the significant entities controlled by the Group as at the reporting date, including those
                                           included in the Closed Group.




                                                                                                                        Country of
                                                                                                                                                 % Equity Interest
                                                                                                                      Incorporation
                          Name                                                                                                               2023               2022
                          RHC Nominees Pty Limited1                                                                      Australia           100%               100%
                          RHC Developments Pty Limited1                                                                  Australia           100%               100%



                                                                                                                                                                               Year in Review
                          Ramsay Health Care Investments Pty Limited1                                                    Australia           100%               100%
                          Ramsay Hospital Holdings Pty Limited1                                                          Australia           100%               100%
                          Ramsay Hospital Holdings (Queensland) Pty Limited1                                             Australia           100%               100%
                          Ramsay Finance Pty Limited1                                                                    Australia           100%               100%
                          Ramsay Aged Care Holdings Pty Limited1                                                         Australia           100%               100%
                          Ramsay Aged Care Properties Pty Limited1                                                       Australia           100%               100%
                          RHC Ancillary Services Pty Limited1                                                            Australia           100%               100%




For personal use only
                          Linear Medical Pty Limited1                                                                    Australia           100%               100%
                          Newco Enterprises Pty Limited1                                                                 Australia           100%               100%


                                                                                                                                                                               Our Business
                          Sydney & Central Coast Linen Services Pty Limited1                                             Australia           100%               100%
                          Benchmark Healthcare Holdings Pty Limited1                                                     Australia           100%               100%
                          Benchmark Healthcare Pty Limited1                                                              Australia           100%               100%
                          AHH Holdings Health Care Pty Limited1                                                          Australia           100%               100%
                          AH Holdings Health Care Pty Limited1                                                           Australia           100%               100%
                          Ramsay Centauri Pty Limited1                                                                   Australia           100%               100%
                          Alpha Healthcare Pty Limited1                                                                  Australia           100%               100%
                          Ramsay Health Care Australia Pty Limited1                                                      Australia           100%               100%
                                                                                                                                                                            Operating and
                          Donvale Private Hospital Pty Limited1                                                          Australia           100%               100%
                          The Benchmark Hospital Group Pty Limited1                                                      Australia           100%               100%

                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Review
                          Dandenong Valley Private Hospital Pty Limited1                                                 Australia           100%               100%
                          Benchmark – Surrey Pty Limited1                                                                Australia           100%               100%
                          Benchmark – Peninsula Pty Limited1                                                             Australia           100%               100%
                          Benchmark – Donvale Pty Limited1                                                               Australia           100%               100%
                          Benchmark – Windermere Pty Limited1                                                            Australia           100%               100%
                          Benchmark – Beleura Pty Limited1                                                               Australia           100%               100%

                                                                                                                                                                           Remuneration Report
                          Beleura Properties Pty Limited1                                                                Australia           100%               100%
                          Affinity Health Holdings Australia Pty Limited1                                                Australia           100%               100%
                          Affinity Health Finance Australia Pty Limited1                                                 Australia           100%               100%

                                                                                                                                                                               – Audited
                          Affinity Health Pty Limited1                                                                   Australia           100%               100%
                          Affinity Health Foundation Pty Limited1                                                        Australia           100%               100%
                          Affinity Health Holdings Indonesia Pty Limited1                                                Australia           100%               100%
                          Hospitals of Australia Pty Limited1                                                            Australia           100%               100%
                          Glenferrie Private Hospital Pty Limited1                                                       Australia           100%               100%
                          Relkban Pty Limited1                                                                           Australia           100%               100%



                                                                                                                                                                               Directors’ Report
                          Relkmet Pty Limited1                                                                           Australia           100%               100%
                          Votraint No. 664 Pty Limited1                                                                  Australia           100%               100%
                          Votraint No. 665 Pty Limited1                                                                  Australia           100%               100%
                          Australian Medical Enterprises Pty Limited1                                                    Australia           100%               100%
                          AME Hospitals Pty Limited1                                                                     Australia           100%               100%
                          Victoria House Holdings Pty Limited1                                                           Australia           100%               100%
                          C&P Hospitals Holdings Pty Limited1                                                            Australia           100%               100%
                          HCoA Hospital Holdings (Australia) Pty Limited1                                                Australia           100%               100%




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Results
                          AME Properties Pty Limited1                                                                    Australia           100%               100%
                          AME Superannuation Pty Limited1                                                                Australia           100%               100%
                        1 Entities included in the deed of cross guarantee as required for the instrument




                                                                                                                               Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 137
                        23 Information relating to subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                                                              Country of
                                                                                                                              % Equity Interest
                                                                                                            Incorporation
                          Name                                                                                              2023            2022
                          Attadale Hospital Property Pty Limited1                                             Australia     100%            100%
                          Glengarry Hospital Property Pty Limited1                                            Australia     100%            100%
                          Hadassah Pty Limited1                                                               Australia     100%            100%
                          Rannes Pty Limited1                                                                 Australia     100%            100%
                          Hallcraft Pty Limited1                                                              Australia     100%            100%
                          Jamison Private Hospital Property Pty Limited1                                      Australia     100%            100%
                          Affinity Health (FP) Pty Limited1                                                   Australia     100%            100%
                          Armidale Hospital Pty Limited1                                                      Australia     100%            100%
                          Caboolture Hospital Pty Limited1                                                    Australia     100%            100%
                          Joondalup Hospital Pty Limited1                                                     Australia     100%            100%
                          Joondalup Health Campus Finance Limited1                                            Australia     100%            100%
                          Logan Hospital Pty Limited1                                                         Australia     100%            100%
                          Noosa Privatised Hospital Pty Limited1                                              Australia     100%            100%
                          AMNL Pty Limited1                                                                   Australia     100%            100%




For personal use only
                          Mayne Properties Pty Limited1                                                       Australia     100%            100%
                          Port Macquarie Hospital Pty Limited1                                                Australia     100%            100%
                          HCoA Operations (Australia) Pty Limited1                                            Australia     100%            100%
                          Hospital Corporation Australia Pty Limited1                                         Australia     100%            100%
                          Dabuvu Pty Limited1                                                                 Australia     100%            100%
                          HOAIF Pty Limited1                                                                  Australia     100%            100%
                          HCA Management Pty Limited1                                                         Australia     100%            100%
                          Malahini Pty Limited1                                                               Australia     100%            100%
                          Tilemo Pty Limited1                                                                 Australia     100%            100%
                          Hospital Affiliates of Australia Pty Limited1                                       Australia     100%            100%
                          C.R.P.H Pty Limited1                                                                Australia     100%            100%
                          Hospital Developments Pty Limited1                                                  Australia     100%            100%
                          P.M.P.H Pty Limited1                                                                Australia     100%            100%
                          Pruinosa Pty Limited1                                                               Australia     100%            100%
                          Australian Hospital Care Pty Limited1                                               Australia     100%            100%
                          Australian Hospital Care (Allamanda) Pty Limited1                                   Australia     100%            100%
                          Australian Hospital Care (Latrobe) Pty Limited1                                     Australia     100%            100%
                          Australian Hospital Care 1988 Pty Limited1                                          Australia     100%            100%
                          AHC Foundation Pty Limited1                                                         Australia     100%            100%
                          AHC Tilbox Pty Limited1                                                             Australia     100%            100%
                          Australian Hospital Care (Masada) Pty Limited1                                      Australia     100%            100%
                          Australian Hospital Care Investments Pty Limited1                                   Australia     100%            100%
                          Australian Hospital Care (MPH) Pty Limited1                                         Australia     100%            100%
                          Australian Hospital Care (MSH) Pty Limited1                                         Australia     100%            100%
                          Australian Hospital Care (Pindara) Pty Limited1                                     Australia     100%            100%
                          Australian Hospital Care (The Avenue) Pty Limited1                                  Australia     100%            100%
                          Australian Hospital Care Retirement Plan Pty Limited1                               Australia     100%            100%
                          eHealth Technologies Pty Limited1                                                   Australia     100%            100%
                          Health Technologies Pty Limited1                                                    Australia     100%            100%
                          Rehabilitation Holdings Pty Limited1                                                Australia     100%            100%
                          Bowral Management Company Pty Limited1                                              Australia     100%            100%
                        1 Entities included in the deed of cross guarantee as required for the instrument




                        138 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        23 Information relating to subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                                                                              Country of
                                                                                                                                                   % Equity Interest
                                                                                                                            Incorporation
                          Name                                                                                                                  2023             2022
                          Simpak Services Pty Limited1                                                                        Australia         100%             100%
                          APL Hospital Holdings Pty Limited1                                                                  Australia         100%             100%
                          Alpha Pacific Hospitals Pty Limited1                                                                Australia         100%             100%
                          Health Care Corporation Pty Limited1                                                                Australia         100%             100%
                          Alpha Westmead Private Hospital Pty Limited1                                                        Australia         100%             100%
                          Illawarra Private Hospital Holdings Pty Limited1                                                    Australia         100%             100%
                          Northern Private Hospital Pty Limited1                                                              Australia         100%             100%



                                                                                                                                                                                    Year in Review
                          Westmead Medical Supplies Pty Limited1                                                              Australia         100%             100%
                          Herglen Pty Limited1                                                                                Australia         100%             100%
                          Mt Wilga Pty Limited1                                                                               Australia         100%             100%
                          Sibdeal Pty Limited1                                                                                Australia         100%             100%
                          Workright Pty Limited1                                                                              Australia         100%             100%
                          Adelaide Clinic Holdings Pty Limited1                                                               Australia         100%             100%
                          eHospital Pty Limited1                                                                              Australia         100%             100%




For personal use only
                          New Farm Hospitals Pty Limited1                                                                     Australia         100%             100%
                          North Shore Private Hospital Pty Limited1                                                           Australia         100%             100%


                                                                                                                                                                                    Our Business
                          Phiroan Pty Limited1                                                                                Australia         100%             100%
                          Ramsay Health Care (Asia Pacific) Pty Limited1                                                      Australia         100%             100%
                          Ramsay Health Care (South Australia) Pty Limited1                                                   Australia         100%             100%
                          Ramsay Health Care (Victoria) Pty Limited1                                                          Australia         100%             100%
                          Ramsay Health Care Services (QLD) Pty Limited1                                                      Australia         100%             100%
                          Ramsay Health Care Services (VIC) Pty Limited1                                                      Australia         100%             100%
                          Ramsay Health Care Services (WA) Pty Limited1                                                       Australia         100%             100%
                          Ramsay Pharmacy Retail Services Pty Limited1                                                        Australia         100%             100%

                                                                                                                                                                                 Operating and
                          Ramsay Professional Services Pty Limited1                                                           Australia         100%             100%
                          Ramsay Diagnostics (No. 1) Pty Limited1                                                             Australia         100%             100%

                                                                                                                                                                                Financial Review
                          Ramsay Diagnostics (No. 2) Pty Limited1                                                             Australia         100%             100%
                          Ramsay Health Care (UK) Limited                                                                        UK             100%             100%
                          Ramsay Health Care Holdings UK Limited                                                                 UK             100%             100%
                          Ramsay Health Care UK Operations Limited2                                                              UK             100%             100%
                          Ramsay Santé SA2                                                                                     France           52.8%            52.8%
                          Capio AB2                                                                                           Sweden            52.8%            52.8%


                                                                                                                                                                                Remuneration Report
                          Ramsay Elysium Holding Limited2                                                                        UK             100%             100%
                        1 Entities included in the deed of cross guarantee as required for the instrument
                        2 This entity owns a number of subsidiaries, none of which are individually material to the Group



                                                                                                                                                                                    – Audited




                                                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Results




                                                                                                                                    Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 139
                        24 Closed group

                                       This note presents the consolidated financial performance and position of the Australian wholly owned subsidiaries,
                                       which together with the Parent Entity, Ramsay Health Care Limited, are referred to as the Closed Group.




                        Entities subject to instrument
                        Pursuant to Instrument 2016/785, relief has been granted to the entities in the table of subsidiaries in Note 23, (identified by footnote 1)
                        from the Corporations Act 2001 requirements for preparation, audit and lodgement of their financial reports.
                        As a condition of the Instrument, these entities entered into a Deed of Cross Guarantee on 22 June 2006 or have subsequently been
                        added as parties to the Deed of Gross Guarantee by way of Assumption Deeds dated 24 April 2008, 27 May 2010, 24 June 2011,
                        20 October 2015, 17 December 2015 and 14 May 2019. The effect of the deed is that Ramsay Health Care Limited has guaranteed to pay
                        any deficiency in the event of winding up of a wholly owned Australian entity or if they do not meet their obligations under the terms
                        of overdrafts, loans, leases or other liabilities subject to the guarantee. The controlled entities have also given a similar guarantee in the
                        event that Ramsay Health Care Limited is wound up or if it does not meet its obligation under the terms of overdrafts, loans, leases or
                        other liabilities subject to the guarantee.
                        The consolidated Income Statement and Statement of Financial Position of the entities that are members of the Closed Group are
                        as follows:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                             Closed Group
                                                                                                                                        2023            2022
                         Consolidated Income Statement                                                                                   $m               $m
                         Profit before tax from continuing operations                                                                       385.0            381.4
                         Income tax expense                                                                                                (157.2)          (100.7)
                         Profit after tax from continuing operations                                                                        227.8            280.7
                         Profit after tax from discontinued operations                                                                       19.9             15.3
                         Net profit for the year                                                                                           247.7            296.0
                         Retained earnings at the beginning of the year                                                                  1,681.7          1,737.6
                         Dividends paid                                                                                                    (237.5)          (351.9)
                         Retained earnings at the end of the year                                                                        1,691.9          1,681.7




                        140 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        24 Closed group (Continued)
                                                                                                Closed Group
                                                                                            2023           2022
                        Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                         $m              $m
                        ASSETS
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                               30.4             34.6
                        Trade and other receivables                                          3,025.7          2,581.0
                        Inventories                                                            149.6            164.5
                        Derivative financial instruments                                        35.0             11.3
                        Income tax receivables                                                  28.9             15.6



                                                                                                                                Year in Review
                        Prepayments                                                             32.8             33.6
                        Other current assets                                                     4.7              3.9
                                                                                             3,307.1          2,844.5
                        Assets held for sale                                                   251.0                 -
                        Total current assets                                                 3,558.1          2,844.5
                        Non-current assets
                        Other financial assets                                                 663.8            663.7




For personal use only
                        Investment in joint ventures                                             0.9            238.1
                        Property, plant and equipment                                        2,676.7          2,529.1


                                                                                                                                Our Business
                        Right of use assets                                                    476.0            448.0
                        Intangible assets                                                    1,048.2          1,052.8
                        Deferred tax assets                                                    161.8            254.8
                        Prepayments                                                             10.5             10.7
                        Derivative financial instruments                                        40.8             29.6
                        Other receivables                                                       70.5            206.4
                        Total non-current assets                                             5,149.2          5,433.2
                        TOTAL ASSETS                                                         8,707.3          8,277.7

                                                                                                                             Operating and
                        LIABILITIES
                        Current liabilities

                                                                                                                            Financial Review
                        Trade and other creditors                                              971.2            964.0
                        Lease liabilities                                                       22.2             20.4
                        Provisions                                                              36.0             77.7
                        Total current liabilities                                            1,029.4          1,062.1
                        Non-current liabilities
                        Loans and borrowings                                                 2,274.2          2,042.6

                                                                                                                            Remuneration Report
                        Lease liabilities                                                      613.4            571.4
                        Provisions                                                             133.0            129.0
                        Total non-current liabilities                                        3,020.6          2,743.0

                                                                                                                                – Audited
                        TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                    4,050.0          3,805.1
                        NET ASSETS                                                           4,657.3          4,472.6
                        EQUITY
                        Issued capital                                                       2,216.4          2,197.6
                        Treasury shares                                                         (67.8)           (72.4)
                        Convertible Adjustable Rate Equity Securities (CARES)                  252.2            252.2




                                                                                                                                Directors’ Report
                        Other reserves                                                         564.6            413.5
                        Retained earnings                                                    1,691.9          1,681.7
                        TOTAL EQUITY                                                         4,657.3          4,472.6




                                                                                                                                Financial Results




                                                                                Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 141
                        25 Parent entity information

                                       This note presents the stand-alone summarised financial information of the parent entity Ramsay Health Care Limited.




                                                                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                                                                         $m                 $m
                         Information relating to Ramsay Health Care Limited
                         Current assets                                                                                                   2,610.5            2,837.2
                         Total assets                                                                                                     2,752.5            2,980.2
                         Current liabilities                                                                                                  0.6                0.6
                         Total liabilities                                                                                                    0.6                0.6

                         Issued capital                                                                                                   2,216.4            2,197.6
                         Other equity                                                                                                       535.4              782.0
                         Total shareholders’ equity                                                                                       2,751.8            2,979.6




For personal use only
                         Net (loss)/profit for the year after tax                                                                            (11.2)            353.4

                        As a condition of the Instrument (set out in Note 24), Ramsay Health Care Limited has guaranteed to pay any deficiency in the event of
                        winding up of a controlled entity or if they do not meet their obligations under the terms of overdrafts, loans, leases or other liabilities
                        subject to guarantee.


                        26 Material partly–owned subsidiaries

                                       This note provides information of the significant subsidiaries that the Group owns less than 100% shareholding in.




                        Ramsay Santé (formerly Ramsay Générale de Santé) has a material non-controlling interest (NCI): This entity represents the French and
                        Nordic segments for management and segment reporting.
                        Financial information in relation to the NCI is provided below:
                        Proportion of equity interest and voting rights held by non-controlling interests
                        Refer to Note 23 which discloses the equity interest held by the Ramsay Group. The remaining equity interest is held by the non-
                        controlling interest.
                        Voting rights for Ramsay Santé at 30 June 2023 are 53.0% (2022: 53.0%). The remaining interest is held by the non-controlling interest.
                        Accumulated balances of non-controlling interests
                        Refer to the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity.
                        Profit allocated to non-controlling interests
                        Refer to the Consolidated Income Statement.
                        Summarised Statement of Profit or Loss and Statement of Financial Position for 2023 and 2022
                        Refer to Note 1. The French and Nordic segments consist only of this subsidiary that has a material non-controlling interest.
                        Summarised cash flow information

                                                                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                                                                         $m                 $m
                         Operating                                                                                                         744.5              237.7
                         Investing                                                                                                        (220.5)            (730.7)
                         Financing                                                                                                        (172.0)            (239.2)
                         Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                                              352.0             (732.2)




                        142 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        7 Independent auditors' report


                                                         Ernst & Young                               Tel: +61 2 9248 5555




                                                                                                                                                                            Year in Review
                                                         200 George Street                           Fax: +61 2 9248 5959
                                                         Sydney NSW 2000 Australia                   ey.com/au
                                                         GPO Box 2646 Sydney NSW 2001




                             Independent auditor’s report to the members of Ramsay Health Care Limited

                             Report on the audit of the financial report




For personal use only
                             Opinion


                                                                                                                                                                            Our Business
                             We have audited the financial report of Ramsay Health Care Limited (the Company) and its
                             subsidiaries (collectively the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial
                             position as at 30 June 2023, the consolidated income statement, the consolidated statement of
                             comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of
                             cash flows for the year then ended, notes to the financial statements, including a summary of
                             significant accounting policies, and the directors’ declaration.

                             In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the
                             Corporations Act 2001, including:

                             a.    Giving a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 30 June

                                                                                                                                                                         Operating and
                                   2023 and of its consolidated financial performance for the year ended on that date; and

                             b.    Complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

                             Basis for opinion                                                                                                                          Financial Review
                             We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities
                             under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
                             financial report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
                             auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of
                             the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for


                                                                                                                                                                        Remuneration Report
                             Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our
                             audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
                             accordance with the Code.



                                                                                                                                                                            – Audited
                             We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis
                             for our opinion.

                             Key audit matters
                             Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance
                             in our audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the
                             context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we
                             do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how




                                                                                                                                                                            Directors’ Report
                             our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

                             We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
                             financial report section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit
                             included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of
                             material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the
                             procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
                             accompanying financial report.




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Results
                             A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                                                                                                                            Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 143
                                           Why significant                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                                           1. Carrying value of goodwill                                   Our audit procedures included the following:
                                           As at 30 June 2023 the Group’s goodwill                             Assessed whether the methodology used by the
                                           amounts to $5.8 billion as disclosed in Note                         Group met the requirements of Australian
                                           14 of the financial report. In accordance with                       Accounting Standards.
                                           the requirements of the Australian
                                                                                                               For the value in use models, we:
                                           Accounting Standards, the Group performed
                                                                                                                 Tested the mathematical accuracy of the value
                                           an annual impairment test of the Asia Pacific,
                                                                                                                    in use models;
                                           UK, France and Nordics cash generating units
                                                                                                                 Assessed the basis of preparing cash flow
                                           (“CGUs”) to determine whether the
                                                                                                                    forecasts, considering the accuracy of previous
                                           recoverable value of these assets exceeded
                                                                                                                    forecasts and budgets;
                                           their carrying amount at 30 June 2023.
                                                                                                                 Assessed the appropriateness of other key
                                           A value in use model was used to calculate                               assumptions such as the discount and terminal




For personal use only
                                           the recoverable amount of each cash                                      growth rates applied with reference to publicly
                                           generating unit (“CGU”).                                                 available information on comparable companies
                                                                                                                    in the industry and markets in which the Group
                                           As disclosed in Note 10 and Note 14 of the
                                                                                                                    operates; and
                                           financial report, the Group has also finalised
                                                                                                                 Performed sensitivity analysis on the key
                                           the Purchase Price Allocation relating to the
                                                                                                                    assumptions including discount rates, terminal
                                           January 2022 and May 2022 acquisition of
                                                                                                                    growth rates and EBIT forecasts for each of the
                                           Elysium Healthcare and GHP Speciality Care
                                                                                                                    Group’s CGUs and evaluated whether a
                                           AB respectively, including the allocation of
                                                                                                                    reasonably possible change in these
                                           goodwill to the UK and Nordics CGUs.
                                                                                                                    assumptions could cause the carrying amount
                                           This was considered a Key Audit Matter due                               of the CGU to exceed its recoverable amount.
                                           to the extent of audit effort and judgement
                                           required to assess the reasonableness of the                    We involved our valuation specialists in performing
                                           forecast cash flows, growth rates, discount                     these procedures over the value in use models where
                                           rates and terminal growth rates used by the                     appropriate.
                                           Group in undertaking the impairment review.                         For the finalisation of the Elysium Healthcare and
                                                                                                                GHP Speciality Care AB Purchase Price Allocation
                                                                                                                we:
                                                                                                                 Reviewed the allocation of goodwill to the
                                                                                                                    Group CGUs in accordance with the
                                                                                                                    requirements of Australian Accounting
                                                                                                                    Standards;
                                                                                                                 Reviewed Management’s assessment of, and
                                                                                                                    accounting for, the fair value adjustments
                                                                                                                    required to be applied to acquired assets and
                                                                                                                    liabilities;
                                                                                                                 Assessed the suitability of the methodologies
                                                                                                                    used in third-party valuations utilised by
                                                                                                                    Management in their determination of the fair
                                                                                                                    value of acquired assets and liabilities; and
                                                                                                                 Assessed the qualifications, competence, and
                                                                                                                    objectivity of the third-party valuers.
                                                                                                           We evaluated the adequacy of the related disclosures
                                                                                                           included in the Notes of the financial report including
                                                                                                           those made with respect to judgements and estimates.




                                           A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                                           Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                        144 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        Why significant                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter

                        2. Provision for insurance                                      Our audit procedures included the following:
                        As at 30 June 2023 the Group’s provision for                        Assessed the key assumptions adopted by the
                        insurance amounts to $81 million as disclosed                        actuary and used by the Group to determine the



                                                                                                                                                                    Year in Review
                        in Note 16(c) of the financial report. The                           value of the provision. Specifically, we have
                        provision for insurance covers deductibles                           reviewed the assumptions and compared them to
                        arising under insurance policies, including                          industry practice, potential known claims and
                        potential uninsured claims. Significant                              actual historical claims.
                        judgement is required in its determination due
                                                                                            Assessed the competence, qualifications and
                        to the uncertainty in predicting future claims
                                                                                             objectivity of the independent actuary used by the
                        arising from past events.
                                                                                             Group.
                        The Group engages a third-party actuary to
                                                                                            As the appropriateness of these provisions relies
                        assess the carrying value at each reporting




For personal use only
                                                                                             on specific claims information, we have reviewed
                        date. This assessment involves evaluating
                                                                                             and tested controls over the operating
                        assumptions in relation to ultimate outcomes
                                                                                             effectiveness of the Group’s processes for


                                                                                                                                                                    Our Business
                        on individual claims, claims handling costs and
                                                                                             capturing and recording the data.
                        discount rates.
                                                                                            Evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures relating
                        This was considered a Key Audit Matter due
                                                                                             to the provision included in the Notes of the
                        to the level of judgement required to estimate
                                                                                             financial report, including those made with respect
                        the value of the liability.
                                                                                             to judgements and estimates.
                                                                                        Given the specialist nature of the calculation
                                                                                        performed to value the provision, our actuarial
                                                                                        specialists were involved in the assessment of the
                                                                                        valuation model and key assumptions where
                                                                                        appropriate.

                                                                                                                                                                 Operating and


                        Information other than the financial report and auditor’s report thereon                                                                Financial Review
                        The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
                        information included in the Company’s 2023 annual report, but does not include the financial report
                        and our auditor’s report thereon.

                        Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not


                                                                                                                                                                Remuneration Report
                        express any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report
                        and our related assurance opinion.

                        In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other


                                                                                                                                                                    – Audited
                        information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
                        the financial report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
                        misstated.

                        If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
                        other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                                                                                                                    Directors’ Report
                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Results




                                                                                                                    Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 145
                                           Responsibilities of the directors for the financial report
                                           The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives
                                           a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act
                                           2001 and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
                                           preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material
                                           misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

                                           In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
                                           continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going concern and using
                                           the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to
                                           cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                                           Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial report
                                           Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is
                                           free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report




For personal use only
                                           that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
                                           that an audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a
                                           material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
                                           considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
                                           influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.

                                           As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional
                                           judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                                           ►     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to
                                                 fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
                                                 evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
                                                 detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from
                                                 error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or
                                                 the override of internal control.

                                           ►     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
                                                 procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
                                                 opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

                                           ►     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of
                                                 accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

                                           ►     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
                                                 and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
                                                 events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a
                                                 going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
                                                 attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such
                                                 disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit
                                                 evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions
                                                 may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

                                           ►     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the
                                                 disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and
                                                 events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.




                                           A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                                           Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                        146 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        ►     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities
                              or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are
                              responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain
                              solely responsible for our audit opinion.

                        We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing



                                                                                                                                                          Year in Review
                        of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control
                        that we identify during our audit.

                        We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
                        requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other
                        matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable,
                        actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

                        From the matters communicated to the directors, we determine those matters that were of most




For personal use only
                        significance in the audit of the financial report of the current year and are therefore the key audit
                        matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes
                        public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a



                                                                                                                                                          Our Business
                        matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so
                        would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

                        Report on the audit of the Remuneration Report
                        Opinion on the Remuneration Report
                        We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 43 to 65 of the annual report for the
                        year ended 30 June 2023.

                        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Ramsay Health Care Limited for the year ended 30

                                                                                                                                                       Operating and
                        June 2023, complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.

                        Responsibilities

                                                                                                                                                      Financial Review
                        The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the
                        Remuneration Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our
                        responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted
                        in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




                                                                                                                                                      Remuneration Report
                        Ernst & Young




                                                                                                                                                          – Audited
                        Ryan Fisk
                        Partner
                        Sydney
                        28 September 2023




                                                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report
                        A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                        Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Results




                                                                                                          Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 147
                        8 Additional information

                        Additional information required under ASX Listing Rule 4.10 and not shown elsewhere in this Annual Report is contained below. This
                        information is current as at 5th September 2023

                        a. Distribution of Shareholders – Ordinary Shareholders
                                                                                                 Number
                         Size of Holding                                                 of Shareholders             Ordinary Shares          % of Issued Capital
                         1-1,000                                                                 73,995                 19,442,875                        8.480
                         1,001-5,000                                                              9,801                 19,402,668                        8.470
                         5,001-10,000                                                               679                   4,634,070                       2.020
                         10,001-100,000                                                             258                   5,595,985                       2.440
                         100,001-999,999,999                                                         46                180,096,247                       78.590




For personal use only
                         Totals                                                                 84,779                229,171,845                       100.000


                        b. Less than marketable parcels of ordinary shares
                        The number of shareholdings held in less than marketable parcels is 1,418 holders, for a total of 8,240 ordinary shares.

                        c. 20 Largest Shareholders – Ordinary Shareholders
                                                                                                                                        Number of           % of
                                                                                                                                          fully paid     Issued
                             Name                                                                                                  Ordinary Shares       Capital
                         1   HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                50,937,056       22.227%
                         2   J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                30,982,831       13.519%
                         3   NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                        23,759,975       10.368%
                         4   PAUL RAMSAY HOLDINGS PTY LIMITED                                                                         20,713,455        9.038%
                         5   CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                            17,563,256        7.664%
                         6   NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                  6,130,398       2.675%
                         7   BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD <DRP>                                                                             3,771,448       1.646%
                         8   WOOLWICH INVESTMENTS PTY LTD <THE SIDDLE FAMILY TRUST>                                                     3,750,000       1.636%
                         9   CUSTODIAL SERVICES LIMITED <BENEFICIARIES HOLDING A/C>                                                     2,948,847       1.287%
                        10   ARGO INVESTMENTS LIMITED                                                                                   2,023,131       0.883%
                        11   BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD <DRP A/C>                                            1,604,263       0.700%
                        12   WASHINGTON H SOUL PATTINSON AND COMPANY LIMITED                                                            1,304,499       0.569%
                        13   HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>                                     1,257,589       0.549%
                        14   AUSTRALIAN FOUNDATION INVESTMENT COMPANY LIMITED                                                           1,226,000       0.535%
                        15   BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING DRP A/C>                                                      1,208,579       0.527%
                        16   MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                         935,998       0.408%
                        17   HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED-GSCO ECA                                                           883,942       0.386%
                        18   CERTANE CT PTY LTD <RAMSAY UNALLOCATED AC>                                                                   880,466       0.384%
                        19   HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                    682,900       0.298%
                        20   UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                                         661,134       0.288%
                             Total of Securities                                                                                     173,225,767       75.588%


                        d. Substantial Shareholders
                        The names of the Substantial Shareholders listed in the Company’s Register as at 5th September 2023:

                                                                                                                    Number of fully paid
                         Shareholders                                                                                  Ordinary Shares        % of Issued Capital
                         Paul Ramsay Foundation Limited/Paul Ramsay Holdings Pty Limited                                  42,999,269                      18.79
                         FIL Limited                                                                                      11,548,516                       5.04




                        148 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        e. Voting Rights
                        In accordance with the Constitution each member present at a meeting whether in person, or by proxy, or by power of attorney, or by a
                        duly authorised representative in the case of a corporate member, shall have one vote on a show of hands, and one vote for each fully
                        paid ordinary share, on a poll.

                        f. On-market purchases
                        During the year ended 30th June 2023 the Company purchased NIL ordinary shares on-market for the purposes of its employee and
                        Non-Executive Director share plans (including to satisfy the entitlements of holders of vested performance rights to acquire shares under
                        the Executive Performance Rights Plan).

                        g. Distribution of Convertible Adjustable Rate Equity Securities (CARES) Holders
                         Size of Holding                                      Number of CARES holders                          CARES       % of Issued Securities


                                                                                                                                                                         Year in Review
                         1-1,000                                                               3,780                       1,185,333                     45.590
                         1,001-5,000                                                             282                         561,310                     21.590
                         5,001-10,000                                                             19                         128,004                      4.920
                         10,001-100,000                                                           14                         309,782                     11.910
                         100,001-999,999,999                                                       2                         415,571                     15.980
                         Totals                                                                4,097                       2,600,000                   100.000




For personal use only
                        h. Less than marketable parcels of CARES

                                                                                                                                                                         Our Business
                        The number of CARES held in less than marketable parcels is 2 holders, for a total of 6 CARES.

                        i. 20 Largest CARES Holders
                                                                                                                             Number of fully         % of Issued
                               Name                                                                                            paid CARES                Capital
                          1    CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                      239,768               9.222%
                          2    J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                          175,803               6.762%
                          3    HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                           95,276               3.664%

                                                                                                                                                                      Operating and
                          4    NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                           35,113               1.351%
                          5    NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                   23,353               0.898%

                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Review
                          6    MUTUAL TRUST PTY LTD                                                                                18,493               0.711%
                          7    HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                           16,335               0.628%
                          8    A&G MCCONVILLE PTY LTD <A & G MCCONVILLE SUPER A/C>                                                 15,581               0.599%
                          9    MR CURTIS JOHN SMITH                                                                                15,244               0.586%
                         10    UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                                14,469               0.557%
                         11    PERODA NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <BERMAN SUPER FUND A/C>                                                 14,374               0.553%

                                                                                                                                                                     Remuneration Report
                         12    NORA GOODRIDGE INVESTMENTS PTY LTD                                                                  14,000               0.538%
                         13    NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <SUPER SERVICES A/C>                                                  13,388               0.515%
                         14    BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD <DRP A/C>                                     11,712               0.450%

                                                                                                                                                                         – Audited
                         15    NULIS NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NAVIGATOR MAST PLAN SETT A/C>                                   11,247               0.433%
                         16    IOOF INVESTMENT SERVICES LIMITED <IPS SUPERFUND A/C>                                                11,197               0.431%
                         17    MR JIMMY WAI HUNG PONG                                                                               9,527               0.366%
                         18    ADJO INVESTMENTS PTY LTD                                                                             9,350               0.360%
                         19    MRS ROSEMARY SMITH                                                                                   8,743               0.336%
                         20    REGION HALL PTY LTD                                                                                  7,676               0.295%




                                                                                                                                                                         Directors’ Report
                               Total Securities of Top 20 Holdings                                                                760,649             29.256%


                        j. On-Market Buy-Backs
                        There is no current on-market buy-back in relation to the Company's securities.




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Results




                                                                                                                         Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 149
                        9 Corporate Directory
                          and Key Dates

                        Directory                                          Key Dates
                        As at 28th September 2023                          As at 28th September 2023




                           Directors                                          AGM 2023
                           Non-Executive Directors                            The 2023 Annual General Meeting will be held on




For personal use only
                                                                              Tuesday 28th November at 10:30am at the Sofitel Sydney
                           Michael Siddle (Chairman)                          Wentworth Hotel. Full details will be available in Ramsay's
                           David Thodey AO                                    Notice of Meeting.
                           Alison Deans
                           James McMurdo
                           Karen Penrose                                      Indicative Key Dates for 2024
                           Claudia Süssmuth Dyckerhoff
                           Steven Sargent                                     Results Release Dates
                                                                              Interim Results - Thursday, 29th February 2024
                           Executive Director
                                                                              Preliminary Final Results - Thursday, 29th August 2024
                           Craig McNally (Managing Director & CEO)
                                                                              Dividend Payment Dates - Ordinary Shares
                           Group General Counsel & Company Secretary
                                                                              Interim Dividend - Thursday 28th March 2024 (record date
                           Henrietta Rowe                                     12th March 2024)
                                                                              Final Dividend - Thursday 26th September 2024 (record
                                                                              date 5th September 2024)
                           Registered Office
                           Suite 18.03, Level 18
                                                                              Dividend Payment Dates - CARES
                           126 Phillip Street
                           Sydney NSW 2000 Australia                          Thursday, 22th April 2024 (record date 27th March 2024)
                           Email: enquiry@ramsayhealth.com                    Friday 21st October 2024 (record date 27th
                           Website: ramsayhealth.com                          September 2024)
                           Telephone: +61 2 9220 1000                         Annual General Meeting 2024
                           Facsimile: + 61 2 9220 1001
                                                                              The 2024 Annual General Meeting of Ramsay Health Care
                                                                              Limited is scheduled to be held on 26th November 2024.
                           Share Registry                                     Full details will be provided closer to the date.
                           Boardroom Pty Limited
                           Level 8, 210 George Street
                           Sydney NSW 2000 Australia
                           Email: enquiries@boardroomlimited.com.au
                           Website: www.boardroomlimited.com.au
                           Telephone Enquiries (from within Australia):
                           1300 737 760
                           Telephone Enquiries (from outside Australia):
                           +61 2 9290 9600
                           Facsimile: +61 2 9279 0664


                           Auditor
                           Ernst & Young
                           200 George Street
                           Sydney NSW 2000 Australia




                        150 Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023
                        Important Information


                         Important information
                         The information in this report is general information only and is not intended to be relied upon as advice to investors or potential
                         investors. It does not take into account your objectives, financial situation or needs. Investors should consult with their own legal,


                                                                                                                                                                       Year in Review
                         tax, business and/or financial advisers in connection with any investment decision. Past performance information should not be
                         relied upon as (and is not) an indication of future performance.

                         Forward-looking statements
                         This report contains forward-looking statements in relation to Ramsay Health Care Limited (Ramsay) and its subsidiaries (together
                         the Group), including with respect to the Group’s business and operations, financial position and strategies. This report also
                         includes forward-looking statements regarding climate change and other sustainability issues for Ramsay.




For personal use only
                         While these forward-looking statements reflect Ramsay’s expectations at the date of this Report, they are not guarantees or
                         predictions of future performance or statements of fact. These statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties.


                                                                                                                                                                       Our Business
                         Many factors could cause outcomes to differ, possibly materially, from those expressed in the forward-looking statements.
                         These factors include general economic conditions; changes in government and policy; actions of regulatory bodies and other
                         governmental authorities such as changes in taxation or regulation; technological changes; the extent, nature and location of
                         physical impacts of climate change; and geopolitical developments. Ramsay makes no representation, assurance or guarantee as
                         to the accuracy, completeness or likelihood of fulfilment of any forward-looking statement, any outcomes expressed or implied in
                         any forward-looking statement or any assumptions on which a forward-looking statement is based.
                         Except as required by applicable laws or regulations, the Group does not undertake to publicly update, review or revise any
                         forward-looking statements or to advise of any change in assumptions on which any such statement is based. Readers are
                         cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.

                                                                                                                                                                    Operating and
                         Non-IFRS financial information
                         In this report, references to AASB are to the Australian Accounting Standards Board and IFRS to the International Financial
                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Review
                         Reporting Standards. There are references to IFRS and non-IFRS financial information in this report. Non-IFRS financial measures
                         are financial measures other than those defined or specified under any relevant accounting standard and may not be directly
                         comparable with other companies’ information, although Ramsay considers these measures provide useful information in relation
                         to the Group’s performance. Non-IFRS information is unaudited, however the numbers have been derived from the underlying
                         financial information used in the preparation of the audited financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                                   Remuneration Report



                                                                                                                                                                       – Audited




                                                                                                                                                                       Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Results




                                                                                                                       Ramsay Health Care Annual Report 2023 151
For personal use only

                        ramsayhealth.com
