             creating
           exceptional
           experiences
Kiwi Property has been creating exceptional experiences
 for New Zealanders for nearly two and a half decades.

 As New Zealand has grown, so too have we, keeping in
  step with stakeholder demand for exceptional retail
              and workplace experiences.

Today, we own a $3.1 billion portfolio including some of
  New Zealand’s best known and most loved buildings.
  In Auckland these include the iconic Sylvia Park, the
landmark Vero Centre and ASB’s head office building at
     Wynyard Quarter, and in the Waikato, The Base,
             in a joint venture with Tainui.

    Our property assets are more than their physical
 presence; they are spaces where New Zealanders can
  shop, work, connect, live and grow. By ensuring our
 assets remain attractive and in demand, we are able to
   provide our investors with a reliable investment in
 New Zealand property, targeting superior risk-adjusted
                                                                    up
                    returns over time.

  We are creating exciting places to shop and work.
    In this Annual Report, we feature many of the
                                                                   be
   experiences we are shaping for our tenants and
                   their customers.
                                                              to
                                                           Im
                                                             ag
                                                               e
pd
  at
    ed




         01
                                               people




annual report 2018                    planet            profit




  02
                            We deliver for our stakeholders by taking a
                           holistic approach to investment management,
                                focusing on people, planet and profit.



kiwi property
                                             people
                      We’re passionate about creating a team of exceptional
                     people who are well cared for and who are empowered to
                       deliver outstanding outcomes for our stakeholders.


                                             planet
                      Our sustainability programme has been in place for more
                     than 15 years and is aimed at creating better environmental
                           outcomes whilst optimising asset performance.


                                               profit
                           When you create exceptional experiences, you
                         create assets that are in demand, resilient and that
                              perform strongly through market cycles.




                     Throughout this report you will read how the activities
                     Kiwi Property has undertaken during the 2018 financial
                            year have fulfilled these three elements.
                                           contents
                                           contents

                                     kiwi
                       creating exceptional experiences
                              for New Zealanders
                                                    IFC
                                                                                                          03


                                          property
                                       our destinations
                                                  PG 08


                                         group
                                our strategy and results
                                                  PG 26




                                   2018 annual reporting suite
                    In conjunction with this Annual Report, Kiwi Property has released a
                      Property Compendium, Sustainability Report and Annual Results
                      Presentation which form part of our 2018 annual reporting suite.




                                All documents are available on our website,
                                         kp.co.nz/annual-result




             annual meeting                                                   feedback
          The 2018 annual meeting of                           We welcome your questions and value your
   Kiwi Property shareholders will be held at                   feedback about our reporting approach.
      10.00am on Thursday, 7 June 2018.                           Please contact us at info@kp.co.nz

 Level 4, Lounge West, South Stand, Eden Park                         Find us at linkedin.com/company/
Gate G, 42 Reimers Avenue, Kingsland, Auckland                        kiwi-property-group
annual report 2018




  04




kiwi property
                     exceptional
                     places


                     to shop
                     our shopping centres offer a
                     compelling retail mix and exceptional
                     social experiences
                     The rise of the digital age has brought with it an
                     increasing need for people to connect more in
                     real world environments.

                     In our shopping centres across New Zealand,
                     we are working tirelessly to deliver exceptional
                     experiences that bring Kiwis together – through
                     improved retail services, exciting family, community
                     and entertainment events, and by delivering
                     in-demand retailers, exciting pop-up attractions
                     and outstanding food choices.

                     By delivering engaging environments for
                     New Zealanders to shop, we attract high-quality
                     retailers, stay ahead of the competition, generate
                     increased foot traffic and produce high-performing
                     sales environments that ultimately provide better
                     returns for our investors.

                     On pages 10-15 and 20-25, read examples of
                     how our retail strategy is delivering exceptional
                     new experiences for our shopping centre
                     customers and retail tenants.
                                                                            Artist’s impression
05
annual report 2018




  06




kiwi property




                     exceptional
                     places


                     to work
                     our office buildings connect people
                     beyond a simple place to work
                     As the lines between work and play continue
                     to blur, businesses are demanding more from
                     their workplaces than ever before.

                     Kiwi Property partners with our office tenants
                     to create contemporary spaces that are fit for
                     purpose and which focus on productivity,
                     engagement and connectivity.

                     Concierge services, resort-style end-of-trip facilities
                     and electric bike charging stations are just the start.

                     By delivering engaging workplace environments,
                     we are meeting the demands of our business
                     tenants and maintaining high occupancy levels
                     in our office buildings, thereby providing reliable
                     returns for our investors.

                     On pages 16-19, read examples of how our office
                     strategy is delivering exceptional new experiences
                     for our office tenants and customers.
07
  kiwi property        annual report 2018
                  08




p
ro
 pe r
 ty
                  wonderful
                   spaces
Kiwi Property has been part of the New Zealand
   landscape since 1993. We’ve developed
                                                                        09
 best-in-class shopping centres and landmark
     office towers, and we increasingly see
      ourselves as town centre investors.
   But much more than that, we’ve created wonderful spaces that
               New Zealanders can simply enjoy.

 Each year, our shopping centres attract over 50 million visitors who
 spend $1.8 billion on food, entertainment, retail goods and personal
   services. Our office buildings provide great workplaces for over
6,000 New Zealanders, and we deliver a broad range of programmes
     to support the prosperity and wellbeing of the communities
                         in which we operate.

 Our properties are diverse environments that connect and engage
     people through great experiences. They are spaces where
                    communities come together.

       When we create great experiences, we seek to unite our
  stakeholders, build brand preference and loyalty, and drive better
                   outcomes for our shareholders.

       Today, we proudly own and manage $3.1 billion in direct
      property investments in a portfolio that comprises some
   of New Zealand’s best retail and office assets. We also manage
       over $370 million of property on behalf of third parties.

      Across our portfolio, we have more than $370 million of
      development projects underway to deliver even better
          environments for our tenants and customers.

 In this section of the report you can read more about some of the
        activities we have been working on over the past year.




                     Find out more about our properties
                    in our Property Compendium which
                        can be found on our website,
                           kp.co.nz/annual-result
                     s
annual report 2018

                     yl
  10




kiwi property
                       v ia
                      Sylvia Park: Auckland’s                                    stores for fashion giants H&M and Zara,
                                                                                 the homewares retailer Adairs, beauty
                      retail powerhouse                                          specialist Kiehls, apparel retailer Seed,
                                                                                 and outstanding food merchants including
                      Sylvia Park continues to be a great
                                                                                 PappaRich and a new Malaysian street food
                      New Zealand retail success story. Growing
                                                                                 venture, Hawker & Roll.
                      in value by over $285 million since opening
                      in 2006, the centre was last year named                    In the past year, we have added to the
                      New Zealand’s favourite shopping centre                    shopper experience with the addition
                      to visit in a nationwide survey conducted                  of The Grove Dining District. The Grove
                      by Nielsen1.                                               Dining District provides a contemporary
                                                                                 alfresco dining experience featuring
                      Since the 2009 financial year, annual retail
                                                                                 ten restaurants and a new landscaped
                      sales at the centre have grown by nearly
                                                                                 outdoor and entertainment area.
                      $200 million to $551 million and our net
                      income has grown by more than $14 million                  This year we will complete a ~600 space
                      to over $41 million per annum. Our retailers               centrally located multi-storey carpark
                      have seen customer numbers grow to more                    adding further amenity to the centre for
                      than 15 million every year.                                our customers.
                      By bringing the right stores and operators                 We are thrilled to have recently
                      to Sylvia Park, we have created a highly                   commenced works on our Galleria retail
                      productive retail environment.                             expansion project. Read more on this
                                                                                 exciting project on page 12. It’s all part of
                      We are positioning the centre for the future
                                                                                 our commitment to deliver the spaces
                      by constantly evolving our retail mix in
                                                                                 where New Zealanders want to be.
                      response to consumer preferences,
                      focusing on high performing stores and
                      in-demand retailers.                                       “Sylvia Park has been a runaway
                      Sylvia Park is currently home to more than                 success since we first opened its
                      200 retailers. Some of the great names
                                                                                 doors in 2006.”
                      we have introduced to Sylvia Park in recent
                      times include New Zealand’s first ever                     – Chris Gudgeon, Chief Executive




                      1. In 2017, Sylvia Park was named New Zealand’s favourite shopping centre to visit in a nationwide Nielsen
                         survey. The survey was conducted by Nielsen from 20 February to 13 March 2017. Nielsen had a sample size
                         of 2,507 interviews, with a predicted margin error of +/- 2.0% at the 96% confidence level.
moving annual turnover ($m)
                                                                    $551



$353

                                                                                               cagr
                                                                                               5.1%
FY09     FY10   FY11   FY12   FY13   FY14   FY15   FY16     FY17    FY18




specialty sales productivity ($/sqm)
                                                                   $13,400
                                                                                                        11


$7,200
                                                                                               cagr
                                                                                               7.1%
 FY09    FY10   FY11   FY12   FY13   FY14   FY15   FY16     FY17    FY18




net operating income ($m)
(excluding property management fees)                                $41.6



$27.1


                                                                                               cagr
                                                                                           +   4.9%
 FY09    FY10   FY11   FY12   FY13   FY14   FY15   FY16     FY17    FY18




capital expenditure, value and value gain ($m)
                                                                                    $835




$414
                                                                                           $   287 m
                                                                                           value gain

 FY07    FY08   FY09   FY10   FY11   FY12   FY13   FY14     FY15    FY16     FY17   FY18


                       cumulative book value              cumulative value gain
annual report 2018




  12
                        we’re taking
                       sylvia park to
kiwi property          the next level

                      “Our shoppers have been asking for more retail
                     brands in one easy location and we are excited to
                     be able to deliver for them. We expect to bring a
                     host of new to New Zealand brands to Sylvia Park,
                         as well as a great mix of local favourites.”
                                       – Ian Passau,
                                      GM Development




                                                                         Artist’s impression
13
                                  e            leven years after we first opened its
                                               doors, New Zealand’s favourite
                                               shopping centre is about to get even
                                               better. We have given the green light
                                   to a $223 million retail expansion at Sylvia Park.
                                                                                                   Since opening New Zealand’s first H&M and
                                                                                                   Zara stores in October 2016 we successfully
                                                                                                   opened The Grove Dining District in
                                                                                                   December 2017, featuring an expanded range
                                                                                                   of contemporary dining experiences.




annual report 2018
                                   In response to customer demand, our Galleria retail             By mid-2018 we will complete construction of
                                   expansion will add approximately 60 new retailers               our new 10-level office building, bringing
                                   and 18,000 sqm of retail space to the centre.                   approximately 1,000 office workers to the site,
                                   Key features include:                                           and by the end of this year we will complete our
                                                                                                   new five-level, ~600 space, central carpark building.
                                   —— a new two-level, 8,100 sqm flagship Farmers
                                      department store                                             project details
                                   —— new international brands and concept stores,                 We have executed a fixed price lump sum contract
  14
                                      including selected retailers from Sylvia Park’s              for the Galleria project with our builder, Naylor Love,
                                      current waiting list of specialty tenants                    which provides construction cost certainty for our
                                   —— a new generation, sophisticated dining                       investors. Works commenced in March of this year
                                      precinct delivering quality casual dining and                and we look forward to opening the doors to
                                                                                                   customers in mid-2020.


kiwi property
                                      chef-inspired concepts, and
                                   —— a new multi-deck carpark, offering approximately             The projected value of Sylvia Park on completion
                                      900 carparks, with direct access to the Galleria,            of the Galleria project has been assessed by
                                      taking the total number of carparks at the centre            independent valuer CBRE at $1.12 billion.
                                      to around 5,000.
                                                                                                   The project is being debt funded from existing
                                   Sylvia Park, located 10km south of the Auckland                 facilities and is expected to provide an initial net
                                   CBD, is New Zealand’s largest shopping centre and,              incremental income yield on capital expenditure of
                                   on completion of the expansion project, will have               5.7%, growing to 6.2% by year three and an internal
                                   total retail floor space of over 90,000 sqm.                    rate of return in excess of 10%.

                                   This latest retail expansion will further consolidate           Further information about Sylvia Park can be
                                   the centre’s position as New Zealand’s favourite                obtained from the centre’s website sylviapark.org.
                                   shopping centre and is the latest in a suite of
                                   projects, all contributing to our vision to deliver
                                   a world-class town centre at Sylvia Park.




                     people We will create Auckland’s largest           planet Sylvia Park has a number of                  profit The Galleria project is expected to
                     enclosed retail centre, delivering a world-class   environmental programmes in place including         provide an initial net incremental income
                     shopping experience while continuing to provide    rainwater harvesting for grey water, solar panels   yield on capital expenditure of 5.7%, growing
                     exceptional community programmes including         for electricity generation and recycling            to 6.2% by year three, a developmental
                     KiwiFit and KiwiBubs.                              programmes for waste management.                    margin of $20 million and an internal rate of
                                                                                                                            return in excess of 10%.
                                                                        During construction of the Galleria, wherever
                                                                        possible, our main contractor will seek to
                                                                        reuse and recycle construction materials,
                                                                        minimise waste, and source local materials
                                                                        and sub-contractors.
                       15




Artist’s impressions
                                         sylvia park prepares to
                                      welcome its first office tenants

annual report 2018
                                                Kiwi Property will soon welcome insurer IAG as an anchor tenant
                                                to its new No.1 Sylvia Park office building, delivering a new home
                                                for IAG’s support team and a long-term rental income stream for
                                               Kiwi Property. We caught up with Tim Griffith, National Property &
                                               Administration Manager, to discuss IAG’s new life at No.1 Sylvia Park.

  16




kiwi property
                     Tell us about IAG. Who are you and            How would you describe the                 The drivers of change are:
                     what do you do in New Zealand?                IAG culture?
                                                                                                              —— to meet the needs of teams that are
                     IAG is the leading general insurance          At IAG we encourage staff to live our         continually changing in size
                     provider in New Zealand. Insurance            Spirit: Closer, Braver, Faster.
                                                                                                              —— the increasing need to support project
                     products are sold directly to customers
                                                                   What does workplace flexibility               activities, and
                     predominantly under the AMI and State
                                                                   mean at IAG?                               —— recognition that for improved
                     brands, and through intermediaries
                     (insurance brokers and authorised             Enabling staff to have more choice in         productivity people need more choice
                     representatives) predominantly under          where, when, with who and how they            in alternative settings to work in.
                     the NZI and Lumley brands. Personal           will work. Staff may work at our new
                                                                   hubs like Sylvia Park or from home,        It is also very inefficient from a cost
                     lines and commercial products are also
                                                                   or a mixture of both. This also extends    perspective to have designated desks
                     distributed under third party brands by
                                                                   to flexibility on hours or days of the     not being utilised while people are on
                     IAG’s corporate partners, including large
                                                                   week worked. Within our office there       leave or in lengthy meetings. Generally,
                     financial institutions (ASB, BNZ, Westpac).
                                                                   is a choice of work settings, including    we can operate allowing for an 80%
                     IAG employs about 3,500 staff housed          normal desks which anyone can use,         desk-to-staff ratio, as long as we have
                     in 81 locations throughout New Zealand.       collaborative spaces and focus areas.      some settings that support peak times
                                                                                                              of use. Technology through use of WiFi
                     What attracted IAG to Sylvia Park as a        How have your workplace                    and mobile devices has helped support
                     destination for your business?                environments changed over time?            this new environment.
                     Location, amenity and access:                 What has been the biggest driver
                                                                   of change?                                 “Thanks to the hard work of
                     —— the location – the site is accessible,
                        particularly for staff living in East      We have been operating in an open          our commercial and development
                        and South Auckland                         plan environment for some time, with
                                                                                                              teams, high-quality corporates
                                                                   standard desking and a choice of meeting
                     —— amenity – a shopping centre and                                                       ANZ and IAG, together with
                                                                   rooms. Each person has their own desk.
                        gym on site, and
                                                                   We are now moving to an environment        the ground floor retailers, will
                     —— access to public transport – the site      where most people will not have a
                        has its own train station and bus links.                                              occupy around 90% of the office
                                                                   designated desk but work in zones and
                                                                   choose their work setting depending        building, providing our investors
                     How many employees will you house
                                                                   on their work. For example, if working     with a predictable, long-term
                     at Sylvia Park and what functions will
                                                                   on a detailed document or presentation
                     they perform?
                                                                   then you may choose to work in a focus
                                                                                                              income stream.”
                     About 350 staff supporting customers          area, or if working on a project you may   – Michael Holloway, GM Commercial,
                     with insurance sales, claims management       choose to sit close to other project       Kiwi Property
                     and various other support functions, for      members around one table.
                     example: loss adjusting and motor
                     vehicle assessing.
Artist’s impression of No.1 Sylvia Park
                                                                                                                                                               17




What was your inspiration for your
fit-out? What did you hope to achieve
for the business?
A flexible environment that accommodates
changing numbers of staff and enables staff
choice. We are an insurance company and
at times need to support various events
(weather or earthquake) which the more
flexible workspace will support.

What are you most looking forward
to at Sylvia Park?
Bringing our different teams together,
enabling a mix of experiences from our
many different brands and staff. Staff who
enjoy shopping will be looking forward to
having New Zealand’s largest shopping
experience next to their workspace.




                                                        Tim Griffith, National Property & Administration Manager, IAG




people Our office tenants will enjoy                  planet No.1 Sylvia Park has achieved a                     profit Following ANZ’s full occupation, the
outstanding end-of-trip facilities, bicycle parking   5-star Green Star design rating, which means               project is expected to yield 7.4% with an
and all the amenity of a shopping centre.             the building is highly resource efficient.                 internal rate of return in excess of 9.0%.

Our office tenants will also enjoy exceptional
public transport access, with Sylvia Park
having its own railway station and bus links.
                                    vero centre –
                                 realising suncorp’s
                                 cut-through vision
                       Financial services corporate Suncorp New Zealand – best known locally


annual report 2018
                     for its Asteron Life and Vero Insurance brands – has been a mainstay tenant
                      at Kiwi Property’s Vero Centre since it first opened in 2000. A major shift
                        in business strategy meant an equally major rethink on how it housed
                             its New Zealand head office, leading to a spectacular upgrade
                                               of its Vero Centre premises.

  18




kiwi property




                                                             Paul Smeaton (CEO) and Catherine Dixon (Executive General Manager, People
                                                             Experience), Suncorp and Chris Gudgeon, Chief Executive, Kiwi Property
c            atherine Dixon, Suncorp’s
             Executive General Manager,
             People Experience,
             remembers clearly the
hurdles faced by Suncorp New Zealand
in bringing its life and general insurance
                                               flexibly and need to be well connected by
                                               technology from home.”

                                               Out of this recognition grew a new
                                               workplace mandate: improved
                                               technology, agile working environments,
                                               inter-floor connectivity, and a mix of
                                                                                              “And our people love all the new facilities,
                                                                                              especially those who cycle to work or go
                                                                                              to the gym.”

                                                                                              How are the staff adapting to an agile
                                                                                              working environment?

businesses together.                                                                          "We knew that this was going to be a big
                                               formal and informal spaces for people          shift for our people, so we had a change
“At the beginning, we still very clearly       to meet and collaborate.                       strategy in place to help everyone settle
had a life business and a general                                                             into our new workplace. We also ran
                                               “Kiwi Property’s support in achieving this
insurance business; our Asteron Life                                                          development programmes for leaders on
                                               was absolutely critical. They’ve been a
business was ‘blue’ and our general                                                           how to lead teams who are dispersed or
                                               truly fantastic partner to work with, not
insurance business, being Vero                                                                working in new ways. It’s a new way of
                                               just providing us with decant space so we
Insurance, was ‘red’,” she recalled.                                                          thinking for some," said Ms Dixon.
                                               could undertake the refurbishment and
“The sense of belonging to one brand           cut through the floors while still             "It’s fair to say that some took to it like
had not really come to fruition. We had        operating, but in trusting and helping to      ducks to water and others are working
pulled everyone together but we didn’t         realise our vision, the centrepiece of         their way through it."
have a single identity. With our teams still   which is a very beautiful staircase, which
sitting in areas defined by our market         allows our people to easily connect and        What’s next for Suncorp?                       19
brands, we weren’t using our space             collaborate,” she said.                        “There is always a danger that, once things
efficiently, so used our lease renewal                                                        are in place, everyone relaxes and nothing
as an opportunity to really look at the        The staircase, is in itself, an                happens after that. We have to be proactive
way we work.”                                  engineering spectacle; over                    and check how it is going. We have a team
                                               140 tonnes of concrete were                    of people – our floor champions – plus our
That’s when Suncorp approached
                                                                                              real estate and HR people, who are
Kiwi Property with a bold vision to bring      removed from four floors,
                                                                                              continuing to work with teams to ensure
their united organisation to life, at the      replaced by 40 tonnes of steel.                they feel supported in their environment
same time seeking to change the way
                                                                                              and empowered to continuously improve
many of the Suncorp teams worked               "Technology was another huge enabler
                                                                                              our workspace culture."
to produce higher collaboration,               of our workplace vision. With over 800
productivity and connectivity.                 people working in this building, 300 in        Suncorp have also installed a new
                                               different parts of New Zealand and             system, Serraview, to help employees
Suncorp’s Vero Centre head office
                                               colleagues in Australia, India and the         locate both people and available
houses around 800 employees, from
                                               Philippines, technology was key to ensuring    workstations. It will also allow them to
senior management to those in insurance
                                               a high level of connectivity.                  monitor utilisation, and improve the
assessment, support and customer
                                                                                              effectiveness of the workspace over time.
service. In the company’s previous             Through this redevelopment we have been
environment, teams were assigned               able to take away the ‘red’ and the ‘blue’
spaces within floors, but Suncorp              and unite under a single Suncorp brand;        Paul Smeaton,
wanted even greater workplace flexibility.     our ’go to market’ brands are there, but       Suncorp New Zealand CEO
                                               you would be hard placed to tell now who
“We wanted to be much more fluid in                                                           As founding tenants, Suncorp
                                               in our office works under which brand.
the way we worked. We recognised that                                                         New Zealand has enjoyed a long and
                                               That’s exactly what we wanted to achieve,”
we needed to work differently to create                                                       proud association with Kiwi Property
                                               said Ms Dixon.
greater collaboration…and one of the                                                          and the Vero Centre.
ways we could achieve that was by having       The final floor was occupied in April 2018.
                                                                                              Two years ago, Suncorp New Zealand
consecutive office floors connected by an      While Suncorp is still getting used to
                                                                                              embarked on a journey to create an
internal staircase,” said Ms Dixon.            its new environment, Ms Dixon said
                                                                                              inspiring new workplace so our people
                                               the immediate feedback was
“The way our people work really does                                                          could thrive.
                                               overwhelmingly positive.
depend on their role: we have those
                                                                                              Our new home is a transformative
who are in our contact centre where they       “There are a lot more conversations going
                                                                                              space that provides our people with
need a really clear ergonomic work             on within the business, and you see more
                                                                                              different options, depending on how
station that is well set up with good          people naturally congregating in small
                                                                                              they choose to work. I was thrilled to
technology; those who are a little more        groups to catch up and to deal with issues,
                                                                                              share our official opening of it last
fluid, who move around from time to            rather than setting up formal meetings,”
                                                                                              month with Ngāti Whātua Ōrākei, the
time, such as team leaders; and those          said Ms Dixon.
                                                                                              mana whenua of Tāmaki Makaurau,
people who work far more flexibly.
                                               “Kiwi Property’s upgrade to the lobby has      who brought to life for us their rich
“We also recognised that not everyone          also facilitated our shift to more mobile      history and connection with the area.
is going to be in the building at the same     working. Our people use it a lot. You would
                                                                                              I look forward to the next stage of our
time. We have assessors and sales teams        never go to the lobby without seeing
                                                                                              journey in the Vero Centre.
out on the road and a large number             Suncorp people having a meeting with
of people who need or want to work             internal and external people,” said Ms Dixon
                                                       navigating the new
                                                          food frontier

annual report 2018
                                            Food is fast becoming the new retail frontier as people across the
                                             world seek dining experiences to add to their social calendars.

                                 At Kiwi Property, we’ve been actively addressing the surge in demand for food experiences, reflected
                                by the recent delivery of our dining lanes, The Brickworks and The Grove Dining District, at LynnMall and
                                  Sylvia Park. It’s also reflected in our remixing efforts across our retail portfolio and in developments,
  20                             such as the new Langdons Quarter contemporary food precinct at Northlands and the sophisticated
                                                  casual dining experience within the Galleria retail project at Sylvia Park.

                                 We asked our independent food advisor, Francis Loughran, Founder and Managing Director of Future
                                    Food, why he believes food is reshaping the shopping centre environment. He had this to say:



kiwi property

                     Is it possible that the modern lifestyle destination will drop the   As advisors to the retail industry, we are witnessing
                     four-letter word M.A.L.L. as it reinvents itself as a mixed-use      a number of important changes in the sector:
                     offering featuring food, hospitality, entertainment and other
                                                                                          The shopping centre is now a food and
                     experiential asset-growth segments?
                                                                                          hospitality destination.
                     Looking across New Zealand and the world, it is clear our
                                                                                          Vegan and vegetarian options are growing fast
                     shopping centres, malls, retail precincts – whatever you want
                                                                                          and millennials are demanding quality and choice –
                     to call them – are no longer single-purpose shopping malls,
                                                                                          fast food is no longer the go-to food.
                     they are mixed-use spaces offering so much more than
                     product-focused retail.                                              Fresh food markets are continuing to grow in
                                                                                          New Zealand and overseas.
                     Changing customer needs and behaviours bring new
                     opportunities to our lifestyle destinations through food,            Entertainment will continue to grow as food and
                     hospitality and entertainment. The ever-changing demands             hospitality increases.
                     of consumers is one of the biggest concerns our clients
                                                                                          The evening economy is growing and will
                     have as they seek to tailor buildings, spaces and experiences
                                                                                          continue to do so.
                     fit for the modern lifestyle. Those consumer behaviours are
                     constantly evolving. Reacting and responding to global               Home delivery for food will evolve and include more
                     trends and individual needs, consumers now demand a                  choices in beverages and desserts.
                     highly customised lifestyle. As people seek more ways to
                                                                                          Food tenancies will grow sales by focusing on home,
                     connect in real time and extend their social experiences,
                                                                                          office and venue deliveries.
                     food is a big component of this.
                                                                                          Shopping centres will be defined by their food and
                                                                                          hospitality credibility.

                     “Reacting and responding to global trends                            Hospitality groups are now replacing Mum and Pop
                     and individual needs, consumers now                                  fast food operators.

                     demand a highly customised lifestyle.”                               Fast food operators are elevating their offer to
                                                                                          introduce table service.
                     – Francis Loughran, Founder and Managing
                                                                                          Quick service operators will offer table service and
                     Director of Future Food
                                                                                          alcohol as part of their strive to elevate service and
                                                                                          maximise average spend.

                                                                                          Beautiful spaces are now the norm, not the exception.
                                                       21




people Kiwi Property has increased dining
and entertainment options for New Zealand
shoppers in step with customer demand.

Examples include our new outdoor dining lanes,
The Grove Dining District at Sylvia Park and
The Brickworks at LynnMall and our
development of the new Northlands’ food
precinct, Langdons Quarter.

planet With an increased food offer comes
the potential for increased waste to landfill.

Examples of initiatives we have in place across
our portfolio to divert waste from landfill include:

—— turning coffee grounds waste to compost,
   which is used by community gardens for
   growing fresh fruit and vegetables
—— waste sorting to ensure that, where possible,
   items are recycled, and
—— encouraging our retailers to use paper rather
   than plastic straws.

profit In FY18, one-third of all new lease
deals across our shopping centre portfolio
were to food tenants. Half of these were new
to the portfolio.
                                                     food and film:
                                                 northlands receives an
                                                entertainment makeover
                                        Northlands shoppers are in for a treat with the creation of Langdons Quarter,


annual report 2018
                                                     a vibrant new dining and entertainment precinct.

                                            Currently under construction are our 13 new food tenancies, including two new external
                                             restaurants, along with a contemporary refurbishment from cinema operator HOYTS.

                                                HOYTS has just unveiled a dazzling refurbishment. We asked Tyrone Dodds,
                                             General Manager Property and Development for HOYTS, what Northlands moviegoers
  22                                                            can look forward to at the new-look HOYTS.




kiwi property        We’re excited that HOYTS has agreed to provide an                   great films. The whole entertainment experience at the cinema
                     outstanding cinema offer to Northlands’ moviegoers for              has changed, particularly at HOYTS where we have opted to
                     another 15 years – tell us about your exciting new fit-out.         move on from the traditional upright cinema seats and a typical
                     It is a cinema experience unlike anything else available in         food and beverage option that’s just a soft drink and popcorn.
                     Christchurch. We have taken cinema-going to the next level!         Instead, we’ve stuck to our mission to innovate, create and
                     HOYTS Northlands is now a fully-licensed cinema featuring           challenge the normal cinema experience by putting in powered
                     HOYTS powered recliners. Every standard seat in the entire          recliner seats more comfortable than anything you can imagine
                     complex is a recliner, so guests can put their feet up, kick back   as well as adding in a fully licensed bar with food offering.
                     and relax to enjoy their movie.                                     The cinema has become a complete entertainment experience.

                     What do you think will excite your audiences the                    What’s driving that change?
                     most about your new fit-out?                                        Technology has played a huge part in this. The cinema
                     We started our design phase with our “EXPERIENCE MORE”              experience we only dreamed of a few years ago is now a reality
                     brand promise in mind, so have approached the site with             thanks to innovations in the technology space. It’s a very
                     comfort and guest experience at the heart of our offer. Our         exciting time to be in this industry.
                     powered recliners are built with more room to relax and more        Thinking about the entire cinema experience, what is always
                     comfort overall, so our guests will love heading to the movies.     a sure-fire hit with moviegoers?
                     We have had fantastic feedback from our other recliner sites
                                                                                         Great movies and great experiences. While we can’t control
                     with guests sharing their love for the new experience, “The new
                                                                                         what movies get made, we can make sure our guests have an
                     seats are awesome! So comfortable and the best way to watch
                                                                                         outstanding experience when they visit us. This is why we are
                     a movie. Nice work HOYTS!” There really is no better way to
                                                                                         refurbishing our network of cinemas and continually challenging
                     experience a movie at the cinema.
                                                                                         ourselves to create the best experience possible; this includes
                     Are Kiwi moviegoers any different to global audiences?              our customer service as well as our physical cinema space.
                     Kiwis, like all cinemagoers around the world, love a great movie.
                     What makes New Zealand such a wonderful market is the love
                     and support for local product. We often see Kiwi movies outdo
                     the Hollywood blockbusters at the box office – that is HUGE!        “As more Kiwis seek spaces to socialise and
                     It’s great to see Kiwi moviegoers get behind local talent.
                                                                                         interact in their daily lives, we are increasing our
                     It’s actually a very rare thing in many markets.
                                                                                         food and entertainment offers across our portfolio.”
                     What’s the biggest change to occur in cinemas
                     over the past 20 years?                                             – Greg Tolley, Development Manager, Kiwi Property
                     There have been so many changes but they’ve all led to industry
                     improvements. Digital cinema changed the way movies could
                     be viewed and allowed for more cinemas to have access to
What has been the inspiration for your fit-out?
Our guests are always our inspiration; how can we
make it a more enjoyable experience – give them
more room, more comfort.

What’s the best night to visit HOYTS                                                                                                                23
Northlands and why?
That actually isn’t an easy answer! The experience
is going to be fantastic any day or night of the
week, so it truly does come down to what the
guest prefers. What we typically see is that our
teen market likes the weekend nights, families
enjoy the day time as they entertain their children,
parents/carers with babies enjoy the weekdays
with our Prams at the Pix sessions, our retired or
shift-working audience tends to visit during
weekdays and of course an opening night of
a big blockbuster movie is always popular for
those who want to see it before anyone else.

We always aim to provide our audiences with
a diversity of content, so any day of the week
is a good day to visit us.

What movie are you most looking forward
to this year?
There are some outstanding movies coming
out this year. I am really looking forward to
Deadpool 2 which opened on 17 May just after
the completion of the HOYTS Northlands
makeover. My kids and I are also looking
forward to Incredibles 2 on 14 June.




                                                               Tyrone Dodds, General Manager Property and Development for HOYTS




people Northlands’ shoppers will now be          planet As part of our redevelopment, we             profit The Langdons Quarter dining
able to experience a first-class cinema offer,   will also be investing $6.8 million in seismic      precinct is due to open to our customers
combined with a modernised food offer and        strengthening activities as we seek higher asset    in November 2018, with 62% of the food offer
outdoor dining options.                          performance in a seismically active region.         and dining tenancies committed.

                                                                                                     The newly refurbished HOYTS Northlands
                                                                                                     opened its doors to customers in May 2018.

                                                                                                     We are targeting a 6.0% initial yield on
                                                                                                     non-seismic project cost, and a target
                                                                                                     10-year internal rate of return of 8.0%.
                                            fresh, tasty and vibrant:
                                              hawker & roll debuts
                                                 at sylvia park
annual report 2018
                                         Having wowed New Zealanders with the Malaysian flavours of
                                   his acclaimed Madam Woo restaurants, Josh Emett is inspiring Sylvia Park
                                              shoppers with his new casual eatery, Hawker & Roll.

  24                               In another superb collaboration with business partner and CEO, Fleur Caulton, Hawker & Roll
                                      is taking diners by storm with its fresh, tasty and vibrant Malaysian street food-style fare.
                                        We caught up with Josh to talk about food, business and his new Sylvia Park venture.




kiwi property




                     Josh Emett and Fleur Caulton, Hawker & Roll
You’ve partnered with Fleur Caulton to         What excites you most about food?
create the Mayfare Group. What is it           The hawker roll is a crowd favourite;
that brought you together and keeps            people started raving about it from the
you together?                                  moment we opened our doors. But we
Both Fleur and I are passionate about          didn’t want to stop there: the hospitality
good food, good cuisine, and excellent         industry is all about being innovative, so
service. We both grew up surrounded            we thought, we have this well-loved dish,
by food and in restaurants, so it’s a space    how can we make it even better? That’s
that we both feel very comfortable in and      the most exciting thing about food to me:
committed to. It’s also wonderful working      how we can always build on what’s been
together with Fleur because she’s a            done before.
passionate Kiwi and firmly believes in
                                               How do you keep your menus fresh
supporting New Zealand industry
                                               and exciting? From where or from                                                25
whenever possible.
                                               whom do you draw your inspiration?
Madam Woo has been a runaway                   Travel. Each year we take a group of staff
success in New Zealand; what led you           from Madam Woo to Malaysia so they can
to create Hawker & Roll?                       constantly feel re-inspired by the cuisine.
Madam Woo is recognised as one of the          It’s amazing how getting out of your
best restaurants in New Zealand, with the      comfort zone and trying different flavours
flagship location in Queenstown recently       and food combinations can inspire you in
making the Cuisine Good Food Awards            the kitchen.
Short List for 2017. Fleur and I were eager
                                               If you could have a long lunch in one
to adapt the much-loved menu into a
                                               of your restaurants with anyone at all,
format that can reach a broader audience.
                                               who would it be?
What attracted you to Sylvia Park?             Roger Federer, he is the man. He has
When considering a location for our            eaten at restaurants I have run before but
first Hawker & Roll, we wanted it to be        I have always left him in peace.
Auckland, and Sylvia Park felt like a
                                               What’s the biggest business
natural fit because of the new restaurant
                                               challenge you’ve faced? What did
precinct, The Grove Dining District,
                                               you learn from it?
which opened in December 2017.
With renovations underway, Sylvia Park         Learning how to balance work and
is set to become New Zealand’s leading         home life. It took me a good few years
destination for international retail brands,   to figure out that you can’t have one
which is exactly the backdrop we wanted        without the other.
for Hawker & Roll.                             What ingredient are you never without         “Delivering exciting new
What can diners expect at                      in your own kitchen?                          experiences and great operators
Hawker & Roll?                                 Eggs – a key ingredient in so many things
                                                                                             is what makes Kiwi Property so
Guests who dine at Hawker & Roll are           from savoury to sweet. There are always
                                               avocados as well.                             successful – we’re listening to
welcomed with an energetic and lively
atmosphere, surrounded by Asian-inspired       What’s next for the Mayfare Group?            our customers and delivering.”
décor that creates the perfect backdrop
                                               With this new fast-casual format, the idea    – Aubrey Cheng, Manager Retail
for a relaxed meet up with friends or
                                               is to have the Sylvia Park location be the    Leasing, Kiwi Property
family. Hawker & Roll offers more options
                                               first of many. We’re really excited about
and flavours of the hawker roll currently
                                               opening our second Hawker & Roll in
available at Madam Woo. The menu also
                                               Queenstown very soon. Aside from that
includes a variety of healthy sides and
                                               we always have our heads down and
add-ons, as well as a selection of grab
                                               focused on all our businesses to make
and go options for those in a rush.
                                               sure they are running like clockwork.
 kiwi property        annual report 2018
                 26




g
ro
 up
                                 we are
                              kiwi property
                                          our vision
        to deliver New Zealand’s best retail and workplace experiences

           our objective                                our investment strategy
to provide investors with a reliable investment        we invest in a diversified portfolio of retail
    in New Zealand property through the                  and office assets that are expected to         27
   ownership and active management of a                outperform by consistently attracting high
       diversified high-quality portfolio                       levels of tenant demand




                                           our goals

                                                                                                         results
                long-term                                pre-tax funds from operations
               total returns                                   per share growth


                 >9%                                                   >2%
                 per annum                                              per annum




                                our strategy enablers

we are active managers                    we add value                we maintain a strong
  we seek to optimise asset           we acquire, develop and            balance sheet
performance through intensive         divest property assets to        we focus on maintaining a
      asset management                     optimise value             strong financial position with
                                                                          conservative gearing




                                          our values
                   our people-oriented culture is proudly built on
                   excellence, leadership and doing what’s right




 we’re people-                 we lead               we have a passion                   we do
    people                                            for excellence                   what’s right
                                  our core portfolio
annual report 2018
                          we focus on the growth and enhancement
                           of a core investment property portfolio



  28


                          we have a strong bias to Auckland


kiwi property
                         we favour Auckland given its superior prospects for economic,
                                     population and employment growth



                                we have a strong retail bias
                                                    we target
                                    —— prominent regional shopping centres
                                          —— large format retail centres
                                                    that are in
                          —— the ’golden triangle’, predominantly Auckland (in particular
                         locations favoured by the Auckland Unitary Plan) and the Waikato
                         —— regions outside of Auckland with positive growth prospects



                                       our office portfolio
                                                    we target
                                       —— prime-grade assets in Auckland
                                       —— assets in Wellington that attract
                                          long-term leases to the Crown



                                  third party management
                     we also manage properties for third parties and joint owners to diversify
                          our revenue streams and leverage our management platform
                                                                                                                      $1.9b
                                                                                                                      6 properties in
                                                                                                                         Auckland




                                                     $262m                                                                              29

                                                        2 properties in
                                                           Hamilton




                                  $207m                                                                                                  results

                                    1 property in
                                  Palmerston North




                                                                                                                      $301m1
                                                                                                                      3 properties in
                                                                                                                        Wellington




                                                                                         $240m
                                                                                              1 property in
                                                                                              Christchurch




                                                                           office             shopping        large format
                                                                           buildings          centres         centres


                                                                           in addition to our core portfolio, we hold other
                                                                           properties and development land with a combined
                                                                           value of over $140 million




1. On 11 April 2018, Kiwi Property entered into an unconditional agreement for the sale of North City.
   The asset is recorded at its net sale price and settlement is expected to occur no later than July 2018.
                          This annual report is dated 18 May 2018




annual report 2018
                          and is signed on behalf of the board by:




  30

                            MARK FORD               MARY JANE DALY
                               CHAIR              CHAIR OF THE AUDIT
                                                  AND RISK COMMITTEE




kiwi property


                                        KEY DATES

                                    7 June 2018
                            annual meeting of shareholders

                                   19 June 2018
                     KPG030 (2024 maturity) bond interest payment

                                      21 June 2018
                              FY18 final dividend payment

                                  20 August 2018
                     KPG010 (2021 maturity) bond interest payment

                                 7 September 2018
                     KPG020 (2023 maturity) bond interest payment

                                   19 November 2018
                           FY19 interim result announcement

                                 19 December 2018
                           FY19 interim dividend payment
                     KPG030 (2024 maturity) bond interest payment
        contents

           results
            PG 32


         financials
   delivering on strategy       31
            PG 62

     five-year summary
            PG 64

    financial statements
                                 results
            PG 67

     notes to financials
            PG 73


   corporate governance
            PG 101


      other investor
       information
    remuneration report
            PG 118

other shareholder information
            PG 124

          directory
            PG 131
                   chair’s report   kiwi property        annual report 2018
                                                    32




Mark Ford, Chair




                                                                              letter from the chair
                           disciplined
                       investment strategy
                                                    Dear shareholders
                                           Welcome to our 2018 annual report.

         I am pleased to report that Kiwi Property has again delivered a positive result for shareholders
           and that our property portfolio is in excellent shape and positioned well for the future. It is a
                                                                                                                                   33
         direct result of the disciplined and consistent implementation of our investment strategy over
         many years that puts us in our current position of strength. Property is a long-dated asset class
                            and successful property companies focus on the long term.

          As always, we remain focused on our objective of providing investors with a reliable investment
          in property. We continued to meet our shareholder goals by delivering long-term total returns
          of 9.3% per annum, in excess of our 9% target. Due to an increased number of shares on issue
             following the equity raise in July 2017 and the sale of a non-core asset, we were below our

                                                                                                                                    results
          target pre-tax funds from operations per share growth of greater than 2%, achieving -2.5% per
               annum for the latest financial year, compared with +12.5% per annum for the prior year.

             Undertaking this equity raise in July 2017 was an important step to assist us with funding our
              future investment and development opportunities. We were pleased with the support we
                         received from you, our investors, raising net proceeds of $157 million.

              In February, we were delighted to give the green light to the previously foreshadowed
               $223 million Galleria retail expansion of Sylvia Park, following 11 years of outstanding
              performance and growth at the centre. The proceeds from the equity raise are being
                applied to funding this development. Our vision for Sylvia Park is the creation of a
             world-class town centre, offering our customers exceptional retail, dining, entertainment
               and workplace experiences. This latest retail expansion will consolidate the centre’s
                            position as New Zealand’s favourite shopping destination.




                               You can read more about our projects at Sylvia Park, together with
                               a full update on the financial and operating highlights for the year,
                                      in the report from our Chief Executive, Chris Gudgeon,
                                                      commencing on page 38.




                     target                                                                      achieved

 long-term          pre-tax funds from operations                             long-term            pre-tax funds from operations
total returns             per share growth                                   total returns               per share growth

 >9%                           >2%                                           9.3%                          -2.5%
 per annum                     per annum                                 2017: 9.7% per annum           2017: 12.5% per annum
                                                      people, planet and profit
                             Your board has maintained a steadfast commitment to environmental, social
                         and governance matters, which we refer to as our focus on ‘people, planet and profit’
                                                   (turn to page 02 to read more).




annual report 2018
                           This year, we are releasing our 2018 Sustainability Report alongside our Annual Report.
                         Like many companies, our sustainability programme began with a focus on implementing
                      environmental initiatives that would reduce operating costs and allow us to tread more lightly
                     on this planet. Today, more than 15 years later, we are increasingly focused on engagement that
                      brings us closer to our communities, builds better social experiences and rewards, produces a
                       strong corporate culture and ensures our investments are enduring. I encourage you to read
                                    our Sustainability Report which you can download from our website.

  34


                                          The Sustainability Report is available on our website,
                                                       kp.co.nz/annual-result



kiwi property
                      As always, we are committed to ensuring the Company adheres to best practice corporate
                      governance principles and high levels of ethical standards. During the year, we adopted all
                        of the NZX’s best practice recommendations encompassed in the new NZX Corporate
                          Governance Code. You can read more about our corporate governance practices
                                                      commencing on page 101.


chair’s report
                     Your board has also continued to focus on the health, safety and wellbeing of our people, as
                      well as the gender and ethnic diversity of our people to ensure we are well placed to serve
                       our customers and the communities in which we operate. You can read more about our
                                             people initiatives commencing on page 46.

                                                          leadership change
                          Last July our Chief Executive, Chris Gudgeon, signalled his intention to retire from
                                      the position in September 2018, after ten years in the role.

                     We have conducted interviews of domestic and international candidates in our search for a new
                      Chief Executive to replace Chris. We have been impressed by the high calibre of candidates
                          and look forward to providing you with an update on our selection in the near future.

                      We are grateful to Chris for his contribution to Kiwi Property over his ten-year tenure and look
                           forward to making the most of his talents in his remaining time with the business.

                                                            board changes
                      We said goodbye this year to Joanna Perry, who had served as an independent director for
                         close to 11 years and we welcomed in her place Mark Powell. Mark is well known in
                      New Zealand and brings with him extensive experience in strategy setting and execution,
                      cultural and digital transformation, property development, mergers and acquisitions and
                                        joint venture management in publicly listed companies.

                      Following Joanna’s retirement, Mary Jane Daly was appointed Chair of the Audit and Risk
                     Committee, and Mark Powell was appointed as a Member of the Audit and Risk Committee.

                     The change in both the board and leadership team is an opportunity to inject fresh ideas into
                     our business, while maintaining a clear focus on our investment objectives and the execution
                                                        of our business strategy.
                                                    FY18 cash dividend                  projected FY19 cash dividend

                                                6.85 cents                                6.95 cents
                                                           per share                                 per share




                                                                             dividends
                          I am pleased to confirm a full-year cash dividend of 6.85 cents per share, up from 6.75 cents
                                                   in the prior year and in line with guidance.

                          Our dividend policy is to pay out up to 100% of funds from operations (FFO)1, our measure of
                           underlying earnings. To provide flexibility, we retain income to smooth dividends through
                          times when earnings are affected in the short term by planned investment or development                                                       35
                                   activity. Our target payout ratio is typically between 85% and 95% of FFO.

                              We are committed to delivering sustainable and attractive returns to our shareholders.

                              For some investors, Adjusted Funds From Operations (AFFO)1 represents an important
                              measure of dividend sustainability. The use of dividend policies based on AFFO is an
                                  increasing trend with New Zealand property entities and is common amongst
                                                          Australian property entities.


                                                                                                                                                                         results
                         In light of this, it is the board’s intention to transition to a dividend policy based on AFFO, over
                          time. Over the next few years, the board will be looking to balance the competing priorities
                           of maintaining and gradually increasing cash dividends, while at the same time seeking to
                                                          grow AFFO to cover those dividends.

                                  We are pleased to advise that for the 2019 financial year, we are projecting an
                               increased cash dividend of 6.95 cents per share, absent material adverse events or
                                                          unforeseen circumstances.

                                                                              outlook
                             Supportive economic and property market fundamentals, in combination with the
                         robustness of our property portfolio provides us with confidence the Company will continue
                                                  to deliver a strong financial performance.

                                                                            conclusion
                             Thank you to my board colleagues and our people for their continued enthusiasm and
                                               dedication to delivering exceptional outcomes.

                           I would also like to thank our investors for your continued support of Kiwi Property. I look
                          forward to being able to share more details on our 2018 annual result at the annual meeting
                            of shareholders, which will be held in Auckland on Thursday, 7 June 2018. Details of the
                                                  meeting can be found on page 03 of this report.




                                                                   MARK FORD
                                                                   CHAIR




1. Funds from operations (FFO) and adjusted funds from operations (AFFO) are non-GAAP financial information and are common investor metrics for property entities.
   The Company calculates FFO and AFFO in accordance with the Voluntary Best Practice Guidelines issued by the Property Council of Australia. For further information
   on FFO and AFFO refer to page 65.
                     the board




annual report 2018




   36




kiwi property




the board




                       MARY JANE DALY                          RICHARD DIDSBURY                  MARK FORD
                       CHAIR OF THE AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE   MEMBER OF THE REMUNERATION AND    CHAIR OF THE BOARD
                                                               NOMINATIONS COMMITTEE             MEMBER OF THE AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE AND
                       DATE APPOINTED: SEPTEMBER 2014                                            REMUNERATION AND NOMINATIONS COMMITTEE
                       DATE LAST RE-ELECTED: JULY 2016         DATE APPOINTED: JULY 1992
                                                               DATE LAST RE-ELECTED: JULY 2017   DATE APPOINTED: MAY 2011
                       BCOM, MBA
                                                               BE                                DATE LAST RE-ELECTED: JULY 2017
                       Financially savvy                                                         ACA, FACD (DIP), NSWIT DIP (COMM.)
                       Risk manager                            Entrepreneur
                       Strategically agile                     Winemaker                         Property and development savvy
                       Skier                                   Property developer                Deal doer
                                                               Arts patron                       Street wise
                                                                                                 Collector of funky t-shirts
                                                                                                                               37




                                                                                                                                results




JANE FREEMAN                      MIKE STEUR                                      MARK POWELL
CHAIR OF THE REMUNERATION AND     MEMBER OF THE AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE AND      MEMBER OF THE AUDIT AND RISK COMMITTEE
NOMINATIONS COMMITTEE             REMUNERATION AND NOMINATIONS COMMITTEE
                                                                                  DATE APPOINTED: OCTOBER 2017
DATE APPOINTED: AUGUST 2014       DATE APPOINTED: JANUARY 2010                    BSC, MSC, MBA, BTHEOL, MA
DATE LAST RE-ELECTED: JULY 2016   DATE LAST RE-ELECTED: JULY 2015
BCOM                              DIP VAL, FRICS, FPINZ, FAPI, MAICD              Retail leader
                                                                                  Problem solver
Strategist                        Extensive property experience                   Rugby fanatic
Coach and mentor                  Connected                                       Theologian
Leader                            Forward looking
Fitness enthusiast                Boatie




                                                                        Comprehensive profiles of our directors can be found
                                                                        on our website, kp.co.nz/about-us/our-people
                           chief executive's review




annual report 2018




   38




kiwi property




chief executive’s review




                             Chris Gudgeon, Chief Executive
                                                               positioned
                                                               for growth
                         Kiwi Property is in excellent shape, with a high-quality portfolio of retail
                      centres and office buildings, a robust balance sheet and an exceptional team
                          of professionals committed to executing a clear investment strategy.


                               In the 2018 financial year, we continued to grow revenues while improving the quality
                            of our investment portfolio through the sale of non-core assets, strategic acquisitions and
                                                the commencement of new development projects.

                                     We have maintained our conservative gearing, executed strongly on capital
                                     management initiatives and made ourselves more attractive to investors by                                                                 39
                                                        securing a corporate credit rating.

                              We increasingly see ourselves as mixed-use or town centre investors, creating diverse,
                                 engaging environments that connect New Zealanders – exceptional places for
                                    exceptional people. A strong focus on customer experience inspires our
                                                management priorities and investment activities.

                                 Over the next few pages I share with you our highlights of the 2018 financial year.

                                                               achieved strong financial result                                                                                 results
                                 Net profit after tax was $120.1 million, which is down on the prior year result of
                                                          1

                             $143.0 million, due to lower revaluation gains on our property portfolio this year and the
                               absence of fair value gains on interest rate derivatives experienced in the prior year.

                           Importantly however we delivered a strong underlying operating result, as measured by our
                             funds from operations (FFO)2. FFO again grew to a record result of $111.3 million (up 8.2%)
                            predominantly reflecting growth of 5.2% in rental income to $192.1 million, driven largely by
                                      contributions from completed developments and strategic acquisitions.

                           Our property portfolio value increased to $3.1 billion, with net tangible assets increasing to
                                                $1.40 per share, up from $1.39 in the prior year.

                          As outlined by the Chair, we are pleased to confirm a full-year cash dividend to shareholders of
                           6.85 cents per share, in line with guidance and up from 6.75 cents per share in the prior year.

                                This strong result reflects the benefit of our ongoing portfolio enhancement and is
                                         underpinned by the focused execution of our investment strategy.




                                                 Our Chief Financial Officer, Stuart Tabuteau, provides more in-depth
                                                               details of our financial result on page 62.




1. The reported profit has been prepared in accordance with New Zealand generally accepted accounting practice (GAAP) and complies with New Zealand Equivalents to
   International Financial Reporting Standards. The reported profit information has been extracted from the annual financial statements which have been the subject of an
   audit pursuant to the New Zealand Auditing Standards issued by the External Reporting Board.
2. FFO is an alternative non-GAAP performance measure used by Kiwi Property to assist investors in assessing the Company’s underlying operating performance and to
   determine income available for distribution. FFO is a measure commonly used by real estate entities to describe their underlying and recurring earnings from operations.
   FFO does not have a standard meaning prescribed by GAAP and therefore may not be comparable to information presented by other entities. FFO is calculated by
   Kiwi Property in accordance with the Voluntary Best Practice Guidelines issued by the Property Council of Australia (the Guidelines). During the 2018 financial year, the
   Guidelines amended the method used to derive FFO to include the amortisation of leasing fees. Kiwi Property has amended its current year FFO calculation to reflect this
   change. The reported FFO information has been extracted from the Company’s annual financial statements which have been the subject of an audit pursuant to
   New Zealand Auditing Standards issued by the External Reporting Board.
                           our strategic objective           outlook for New Zealand                        After more than a decade of competition
                                                             shopping centres is robust                     from online sales, we can now say with
                               to provide investors                                                         confidence that the retail sector has
                            with a reliable investment       The outlook for New Zealand’s retail
                                                                                                            room for both online sales and bricks
                                                             sector remains robust.
                            in New Zealand property                                                         and mortar retail, with the latter’s ability
                             through the ownership           Compared to global benchmarks, the             to connect people socially becoming
                            and active management            New Zealand shopping centre sector is          an increasingly important differentiator.
                                  of a diversified           relatively undersupplied, with the amount      As online retailers become more
                              high-quality portfolio         of retail floorspace per person being one      sophisticated, their need for an
                                                             quarter that of the United States and half     omni-channel presence to capture




annual report 2018
                                                             that of Australia. Particularly in Auckland,   both online and instore sales has
                                 FY18 highlights             the growth in retail floorspace has not        evolved and we are now witnessing
                                  profit after tax           kept pace with demand, which has been          more online retailers dovetail their
                                     $120.1m                 fuelled by population growth, creating         online presence with physical stores.
                                  2017: $143.0m              opportunities for strong centres to            This is a positive outcome for retail
                                                             expand and take market share.                  property owners, who will have even
                              funds from operations                                                         greater choice when selecting the right
                                     $111.3m                 Further underpinning the outlook for
                                                                                                            tenant mix for their centres.
   40                             2017: $102.8m              retail sales growth more generally is the
                                                             prospect of continuing economic                The natural coexistence of bricks and
                              funds from operations          growth. The latest New Zealand Institute       mortar retail and online retail is borne
                                    per share                of Economic Research (NZIER)                   out with research from global property
                                     7.84 cps                Consensus Forecast projects solid              research firm MSCI, who produced
                                  2017: 7.95 cps

kiwi property
                                                             growth in GDP for the next few years,          an interesting piece recently on retail
                               net tangible assets           citing increased expectations for              property returns in the United States.
                                $1.40 per share              household and Government spending              MSCI’s research1 indicates that total
                               2017: $1.39 per share         and a rebound in consumer confidence           returns from retail property have not
                                                             that is expected to flow through to solid      been materially impacted from the




chief executive’s review
                                                             growth in household spending.                  growth in online when compared against
                                                             NZIER’s GDP growth forecast for the            returns from other property classes.
                                                             year to March 2019 is 3.1%, growing            The firm’s data tracked returns over a
                                                             to 3.3% in 2020 before moderating to           16-year period – during which time online
                                                             2.9% by 2021.                                  sales grew at 15% per annum from 1% to
                                                                                                            9% of total sales.
                                                             Within Kiwi Property’s shopping centres,
                                                             demand for space from domestic and
                                                             international retailers is strong, as
                                                             evidenced by our high 99.6% portfolio
                                                             occupancy rate. This is because at
                                                             Kiwi Property we focus on delivering
                                                             the right mix of in-demand retailers and
                                                             customer experiences – an approach
                                                             which delivers positive results for our
                                                             specialty store operators who have
                                                             witnessed sales productivity improve
                                                             7.1% in the past 12 months from
                                                             $9,900 per square metre to $10,600
                                                             per square metre.




                                                         1. MSCI Research Insights, February 2018.
robust capital management                                 income security for the Company and the
                                                          refurbishments have transformed the
We continued to maintain a strong
                                                          working environments for these tenants.
and conservative balance sheet and
                                                                                                                    maintain a strong
stayed active in our capital                                        Read more about Suncorp’s stunning

management programme.                                               new fit out on page 18 of this report.           balance sheet
                                                          In December 2017, we delivered a                         we focus on maintaining
We were delighted to secure a credit
rating during the year, with the Company                  $9 million dining precinct at Sylvia Park,              a strong financial position
being assigned a corporate credit rating                  known as ‘The Grove Dining District’.                   with conservative gearing
of BBB (stable) from S&P Global Ratings3                  Created to respond to current consumer
and an issue credit rating of BBB+ in                     demand for food and entertainment, the
                                                          project opened with ten eateries offering                         FY18 highlights
respect of the Company’s fixed-rate
senior secured bonds.                                     a vibrant array of food, including Josh                            gearing 29.7%
                                                          Emmett and Fleur Caulton’s Hawker &
During the year, we undertook the
                                                                                                                       corporate credit rating
                                                          Roll, along with Birdie’s Bar and Deli,
following capital management activities:
                                                                                                                           BBB (stable)
                                                          Cleaver & Co, The Little District, Mexico,
—— raised $161 million of new equity                      Better Burger, Garrison’s Public                             weighted cost of debt
   through a fully underwritten                           House, Casablanca, Wagamama and                                     4.99%
   pro-rata entitlement offer, providing                  The Coffee Club.                                                                              41
                                                                                                                   FY19 balance sheet focus
   a net $157 million to reduce bank                      The project opened 100% leased and
   debt before being applied to                                                                                                  We will:
                                                          will deliver an initial yield of 7.8% growing
   value-enhancing projects                               to 8.2% over the following two years,                    Focus on further diversifying
—— further diversified our sources of                     with a projected 10-year internal rate of                our sources of debt facilities
   debt through the addition of China                     return of 10%.                                         and extending the weighted term
   Construction Bank and HSBC to                                                                                    of our overall debt facilities.
                                                                    Read more about Josh Emmett and
   our pool of lenders, and                                         Fleur Caulton’s Hawker & Roll venture


                                                                                                                                                         results
                                                                    on page 24 of this report.
—— raised $125 million through the
   issue of seven-year fixed-rate                         The Grove Dining District followed the
   senior secured bonds.                                  successful opening of H&M and Zara in                     add value through
                                                          2016, and was the next in a series of                      our investment
At year end:                                              projects being delivered at Sylvia Park,                      decisions
—— our gearing ratio reduced to 29.7%,                    all designed to bring to life our vision to
                                                          create a world-class town centre.
                                                                                                                     we add value through
   down from 34.5% in the prior year, due
                                                                                                                   the strategic acquisition,
   to the repayment of bank debt from                     In addition to the dining precinct we
   the proceeds of the entitlement offer
                                                                                                                 divestment and development
                                                          undertook the following development                          of property assets
   and the sale of The Majestic Centre,                   activity at Sylvia Park during the year:
   together with the positive valuation
   gains on our property portfolio                        —— Progressed construction and leasing of
                                                                                                                  FY18 investment highlights
                                                             our office building referred to as
—— we maintained a healthy 3.6-year                                                                                  increased our weighting
                                                             ‘No.1 Sylvia Park’. With completion of
   weighted average term to maturity
   on our debt facilities, and
                                                             this project expected by July this year,               sector     diversification
                                                                                                                      to our preferred sector
                                                             we are delighted that the building is
—— we maintained a low weighted                              now 90% leased. The building is
   average cost of debt of 4.99%.                            anchored by insurance giant IAG and,
                                                             post balance-date we leased 6,740 sqm,
creating value for the future
                                                             or five whole floors and a part floor to
development of property assets                               banking group, ANZ. Both of these
We currently have $370 million of                            high-quality tenants have committed to
developments in progress that will                           nine-year leases. Attracting tenants of
continue to add significantly to both                        such high calibre to the building is
the income performance and quality                           testament to the truly unique and
of our property portfolio.                                   high-quality office solution and working
                                                             environment the building offers.                          sector diversification
In our office portfolio, we delivered                                                                                        by portfolio value
                                                              Further testament to the building’s
refurbished premises for the insurer
                                                              quality was confirmation that it has
Suncorp New Zealand and law firm,
                                                              achieved a 5-star Green Star design                  retail                         68%
Russell McVeagh, at our landmark
                                                              rating, meaning the building is                      office                         27%
Auckland office tower, Vero Centre.
                                                              highly efficient from a resource
The retention of both these tenants on                                                                             other                          5%
                                                              usage perspective.
long leases of 12 years has provided

3. Further information about S&P Global Ratings’ credit rating scale is available at www.standardandpoors.com.
   A rating is not a recommendation by any rating organisation to buy, sell, or hold Kiwi Property securities.
   The rating is current as at the date of this Annual Report and may be subject to suspension, revision or
   withdrawal at any time by S&P Global Ratings.
                           geographic diversification
                                                                The cost of the project remains on                    Read more about why food is important
                                                                                                                      on page 20 and about our makeover at
                                                                budget at $80 million. ANZ will
                                                                                                                      Northlands on page 22.
                                                                progressively take occupation
                                                                between June and December 2019.                Looking to the longer-term horizon, we
                                                                Following ANZ’s full occupation, the           have progressed our town centre
                                                                project is expected to yield 7.4% with         planning for our 51-hectare landholding in
                                                                a projected 10-year internal rate of           Drury, south of Auckland, which we aim to
                                                                return in excess of 9%.                        develop over a 20-year timeframe to
                                                                     Read more about IAG’s move to No. 1
                                                                                                               coincide with predicted population
                                                                     Sylvia Park on page 16 of this report.    growth, household formation and




annual report 2018
                            geographic diversification                                                         employment growth in South Auckland.
                                                             —— Progressed construction of a new
                                  by portfolio value
                                                                $36 million multi-deck carpark.                In conjunction with key infrastructure
                                                                This project is on-budget and on-time          providers and neighbouring landowners
                           Auckland                    66%
                                                                to complete in November 2018,                  and developers, we are participating in
                           Wellington                  10%                                                     the Auckland Council-led structure plan
                                                                delivering ~600 additional parking
                           Hamilton                    9%       spaces for our customers.                      for the broader Drury/Opaheke precinct.
                                                                                                               This is a pre-cursor to securing a town
                           Christchurch                8%    —— As noted by the Chair, we were
   42                                                                                                          centre zoning that will enable us to
                           Palmerston North             7%      delighted to announce that we were
                                                                                                               construct or facilitate retail, commercial
                                                                proceeding with our retail Galleria
                                                                                                               and residential development on the land.
                                                                expansion, bringing approximately
                                                                60 new specialty retailers, a two-             transaction activity
                                   FY19 focus                   storey Farmers department store,


kiwi property
                                                                                                               Our asset recycling programme of
                                                                international mini-majors and a
                                        We will:                                                               previously identified non-core assets
                                                                further multi-deck carpark adding
                                                                                                               progressed well during the year. The sale
                                Continue to progress            ~900 car spaces. Construction
                                                                                                               of The Majestic Centre settled in
                                our developments at             commenced in March this year
                                                                                                               December 2017 for $123.2 million and,
                              Sylvia Park – bringing to         and we look forward to opening the
                                                                                                               post balance-date, we secured the sale of




chief executive’s review
                             life our vision to create a        doors to customers in mid-2020.
                                                                                                               North City for $100 million. Settlement is
                             world-class town centre.           The project is expected to provide
                                                                                                               scheduled to occur no later than July 2018.
                             Open Langdons Quarter              an initial yield of 5.7%, growing to
                                                                6.2% by year three, and an internal            These sales enable us to pay down debt
                            at Northlands to customers
                                                                rate of return in excess of 10%.               to provide us with further funding
                                in November 2018.
                                                                                                               capacity to focus on value-added
                                Progress structure                   Read more about the history and success
                                                                                                               investment opportunities in line with our
                                                                     of Sylvia Park and our Galleria
                             planning process for our                                                          core investment strategy.
                                                                     development plans on pages 10 to 17.
                                 Drury land with
                                                                                                               Kiwi Property assumed management of
                                Auckland Council.            The other major project we commenced
                                                             during the year was construction of a             The Majestic Centre on behalf of its new
                           Settle the sale of North City.                                                      owner in December 2017 but will no
                                                             vibrant new dining and entertainment
                                                             precinct, to be known as Langdons                 longer manage North City on settlement
                                                             Quarter, at Northlands in Christchurch.           of the sale.
                                                             Again, this development is directly in line       During the year we acquired a 3.2 hectare
                                                             with our strategy of providing compelling         property adjacent to Sylvia Park for
                                                             food and dining experiences that                  $27.1 million. When combined with our
                                                             respond to customer demand.                       existing adjacent landholdings at Sylvia
                                                             The project features a new dining                 Park, this acquisition has enabled us to
                                                             precinct beneath a newly refurbished              consolidate a strategic 7.7-hectare
                                                             HOYTS cinema offer, together with                 landholding adjacent to Sylvia Park.
                                                             seismic strengthening works in that area.         We have no immediate plans to redevelop
                                                             The total cost of our development is              the land; however, given our world-class
                                                             $18.8 million (which includes $6.8 million        town centre vision for Sylvia Park and
                                                             of seismic strengthening works) and is            Mt Wellington’s status as a Metropolitan
                                                             expected to provide a 6% yield on cost            Centre, it makes good sense for us as a
                                                             (excluding strengthening costs) in the first      long-term investor to increase our
                                                             full year post completion. Construction           landholdings in this strategic location.
                                                             commenced in January 2018 and is due
                                                             to complete in November 2018.
intensive asset management                                retail sales
We are active managers of our property                    Total retail sales grew by 3.4% to
investments, which means we employ                        $1.8 billion during the year. Our portfolio
dedicated teams to ensure our shopping                    of seven shopping centres recorded total
                                                                                                           intensive asset
centres provide the right tenancy mix and                 sales of $1.6 billion, an increase of 3.9%,       management
attractions for our customers, and that                   while attracting more than 50 million         we seek to optimise asset
our office buildings remain in high                       shopper visitors.                              performance through
demand from business tenants.
                                                          Particularly strong performances were              intensive asset
Kiwi Property is now enjoying the benefits                seen at Sylvia Park, where sales grew by            management
of both a stable economy and a sound                      9.0%, and The Plaza, up by 5.1%. We were
delivery platform. Continuing demand for                  pleased to see consistent like-for-like
quality retail and office property, especially            growth of between 2.6% and 3.3% across
                                                                                                           our retail portfolio4
in Auckland, is keeping occupancy high.                   the majority of our shopping centre                  9 retail centres
Economic growth is supporting demand                      portfolio and an overall 7.1% increase in
                                                                                                             $2.1 billion value
and ongoing rental growth, with improving                 sales productivity for specialty retailers
operating revenues. Investor demand for                   to $10,600 per square metre. Consistent             355,000 sqm
high quality assets continues to lift                     with this, our specialty gross occupancy            net lettable area
property values.                                          cost (GOC) was 12.1%, down from 12.4%                                         43
                                                                                                                964 tenants
                                                          a year earlier, indicating improved
retail portfolio – creating                               affordability of rents and greater scope            $136.5 million
exceptional places to shop                                for future rental growth.                        net operating income
To deliver on our strategy to create
                                                          Against the trend, sales at North City in        FY18 retail portfolio
exceptional places to shop, we have
                                                          Porirua declined by 3.9% on a like-for-like          highlights
continued to focus on improving our
                                                          basis, but this was expected given the
retail offer and responding to customer                                                                      99.7% occupancy
                                                          elevated levels of trading experienced

                                                                                                                                         results
preferences by continuing to refine
our tenancy mix and by creating
                                                          during 2017 when other Wellington retail            3.8 years WALT
                                                          centres were disrupted by the November
exceptional experiences.                                                                                +3.3% uplift on prior passing
                                                          2016 Kaikōura earthquake. Like-for-like
This has included re-weighting our retail                 sales at Northlands were also 1.5% lower       rental from new leasing and
mix into categories experiencing higher                   but again, this was not unexpected given                rent reviews
customer demand such as food catering                     the redevelopment works currently                $1.8 billion retail sales
and retail services. We are also focusing                 underway and the opening of new
on a wide range of initiatives to enhance                 supermarkets within its trading catchment.     >50 million visitors a year
the retail experience for our customers
and retailers, in a continuously changing
                                                          experiences                                           FY19 retail
retail landscape.                                         This year we have continued our roll-out            portfolio focus
                                                          of high-speed WiFi in each of our centres.               We will:
The improvement in many of our key                        Our customers are able to access this
metrics during the year reflects this focus.                                                              Use the customer data
                                                          free of charge and the rich data we are
                                                                                                         we are collecting to further
key metrics                                               gathering from this is enabling us to gain
                                                                                                        connect with our customers.
                                                          insights into customer behaviour,
Retail income was up 5.8% (3.1%
                                                          including dwell times, foot traffic and the      Continue the leasing
like-for-like) on the prior year due to
                                                          way customers move around our centres.        programme for our Galleria
full-year contributions from Westgate
                                                          Our focus in FY19 is to build a strong        development at Sylvia Park.
Lifestyle, The Base and the Zara and H&M
                                                          data platform to leverage this information
developments at Sylvia Park, offset by                                                                  Finalise our leasing deals at
                                                          to further enhance our customer
reduced income at Northlands as a result                                                                    Langdons Quarter.
                                                          experiences, provide insights to our
of development impacted tenancies and
                                                          retailers, and improve the way we
vacancies. Further, our income is
                                                          manage the centres.
underpinned by the predominance of
fixed and CPI-related rent reviews. Rent
reviews completed in the current year
resulted in an uplift over prior passing
rents of 3.4%.

Our retail portfolio was 99.7% occupied at
31 March 2018, above our long-term
average occupancy of 99%, with a
weighted average lease term of 3.8 years.

4. Post balance date, the Company entered into an agreement for the sale of North City.
   The sale is due to settle no later than July 2018.
                              our office portfolio         We completed over 2,000 retail activations     At Vero Centre, we have been successful
                                                           in our centres. Activations are ‘pop up’       in retaining all key tenants on new
                                4 office buildings
                                                           retail activities that allow retailers to      long-term leases and have facilitated
                                $831 million value         showcase products and brands that create       their requirement for office space
                                                           added attractions for shoppers while           efficiency. Good examples of this are
                                  96,000 sqm
                                                           garnering further income streams               key anchor tenants Russell McVeagh
                                 net lettable area
                                                           for our investors.                             and Suncorp who have completed new,
                                    59 tenants                                                            inspiring and contemporary fit-outs.
                                                           We have continued to improve digital
                                                                                                          A key focus for us in the year ahead
                                  $50.3 million            wayfinding for easier parking and
                                                                                                          will be leasing 5,600 sqm of space, or
                              net operating income         have partnered with Be. Accessible to



annual report 2018
                                                                                                          14% of the building, that has either
                                                           provide an accessibility rating for each
                                                                                                          become vacant as a result of those
                              FY18 office portfolio        of our centres.
                                                                                                          tenants reducing their space
                                   highlights
                                                           office portfolio – creating                    requirements, or is space due to expire
                                99.3% occupancy            exceptional workplaces                         in FY19. Subsequent to balance date,
                                 10.1 years WALT                                                          we have completed leasing deals over
                                                           Our office portfolio is in good shape,
                                                                                                          1,100 sqm of this vacant space with a
                           +4.4% uplift on prior passing   due in part to recently completed
                                                                                                          weighted average lease term of eight
   44                      rental from new leasing and     developments and the securing of long
                                                                                                          years. With strong enquiry from tenants
                                    rent reviews           lease terms at key assets, including
                                                                                                          we are confident in our ability to achieve
                                                           ASB North Wharf, The Aurora Centre and
                                                                                                          100% occupancy in the short term.
                                                           44 The Terrace. Occupancy sits at 99.3%,
                                  FY19 office              with a long weighted average lease term        We also look forward to the completion
                                 portfolio focus

kiwi property
                                                           of 10.1 years, providing long-term security    of No.1 Sylvia Park and welcoming our
                                     We will:              of income for our shareholders.                first ever office tenants at Sylvia Park.

                            Focus on leasing up vacant     Office rental income was up 3.3%               We continue to sharpen our emphasis
                             and expiring space in the     (0.9% like-for-like) on the prior year,        on our customers – our tenants and their
                                   Vero Centre.            with contributions from completed              people – within our office buildings as we




chief executive’s review
                                                           developments at The Aurora Centre              position Kiwi Property as the provider of
                            Roll-out a pilot of a tenant
                                                           and 44 The Terrace, offset by the              choice for exceptional workplaces.
                            internet portal within the
                                                           disposal of The Majestic Centre and            In each of our office buildings we have,
                                   Vero Centre.
                                                           reduced income at the Vero Centre              or are introducing, first-class end-of-trip
                             Welcome our first office      largely due to a surrender payment             facilities, bookable visitor carparks,
                            tenants to No.1 Sylvia Park.   received in the prior year.                    carpark sharing options, concierge
                                                                                                          services and more food and beverage
                                                           Our office assets provided a revaluation
                                                                                                          choices. An exciting initiative to be rolled
                                                           gain of $54.3 million, benefiting not only
                                                                                                          out over the next year is a tenant portal,
                                                           from macro-economic factors such as
                                                                                                          which will connect our tenants within a
                                                           positive office market fundamentals and
                                                                                                          building and provide online services,
                                                           investor sentiment, but also property-
                                                                                                          including carpark booking and coffee
                                                           specific factors such as seismic resilience,
                                                                                                          ordering, as well as building maintenance
                                                           strong tenant covenants, long WALT and
                                                                                                          services. These are designed to save our
                                                           limited deferred maintenance. The total
                                                                                                          customers time, money or both.
                                                           value of the portfolio is now $831 million.

                                                           The Vero Centre alone has contributed
                                                           $123 million in value gains over the past
                                                           five years, and when combined with
                                                           ASB North Wharf, our Auckland assets
                                                           have contributed $172 million.

                                                           Leasing activity was largely limited to that
                                                           within our premier Auckland office tower,
                                                           Vero Centre. New leases and rent reviews
                                                           completed have provided an uplift of
                                                           4.4% over prior passing rentals.
treading more lightly on our planet              management and marketing. She has
                                                 overall responsibility for developing,
We are proud of our leadership position in
                                                 championing and delivering the retail
sustainability. We consider it an important
                                                 portfolio’s strategic objectives and goals,
part of our value proposition.
                                                 and leading the retail team to optimise
Our corporate social responsibility              profitability and investment performance.
programme, which we bring together under                 Read more about the activities we have
our ‘sustainability’ banner, has been in                 been doing with our people on page 46.
operation for more than 15 years. Like many
companies, we began with a focus on              reflections on the past decade
implementing environmental initiatives,          As noted by the Chair, I will be finishing my
helping us to tread more lightly on the          tenure with Kiwi Property this September.
planet while reducing operating costs.           I have thoroughly enjoyed working with
Today, we are increasingly focused on            Kiwi Property; it is a Company built on the
engagement that brings us closer to              strength of its people and the outstanding
our communities, builds better social            platform of knowledge and expertise
behaviours and rewards, produces a               contained within it. I extend a very warm
strong corporate culture and ensures our         thank you to the board and the entire
                                                                                                  45
investments are enduring.                        management team for their considered
                                                 counsel, indefatigable approach to creating
Our sustainability programme was rewarded        an exceptional company culture, and their
again in the current year with a number of       determination to deliver outstanding results
successes and firsts.                            for all stakeholders.
        Read more about our current year
                                                 On page 56, I reflect more on my time
        sustainability highlights commencing
        on page 50.
                                                 at Kiwi Property.


                                                                                                   results
For the first time this year, we are releasing   the year ahead
our standalone Sustainability Report             Kiwi Property has performed well in FY18,
alongside our Annual Report. If you want         and we look forward to delivering positive
to read more about our sustainability            results in the year ahead.
programme, you can view this report on
our website kp.co.nz/sustainability.             Our key focus for the year ahead will be
                                                 on progressing our development projects
fostering a high-performing culture              underway at Sylvia Park and Northlands
We see people and culture as a key enabler       while also progressing our long-term town
to the delivery of our strategy. We have         centre vision for Drury.
been working diligently to build a highly        We will continue to optimise the
engaged, diverse and inclusive workforce.        performance of our portfolio by seeking
A key focus over the past year has been          ways to improve our tenant and customer
the preparation for moving into our new          experiences, ensuring our assets remain
corporate home at the Vero Centre, which         resilient and in demand.
we did in April of this year. Due to growth in   Once again, I thank you for your support of
our teams, our Auckland corporate teams          Kiwi Property, and for the support given to
had been spread out over three floors in         me during my time here.
two locations for the past few years. We are
excited to have brought everyone together
again under one roof and on one floor.
                                                 CHRIS GUDGEON
appointment of GM Retail                         CHIEF EXECUTIVE

Subsequent to year end, we were pleased to
announce the appointment of Linda Trainer
to the role of GM Retail. Linda brings over
20 years’ experience in property, retail,
                                                              creating a
                                                            strong culture
annual report 2018                   Our objective is to create a workplace that attracts, engages, develops and retains
                                        the best people in the property industry, and for our team to be empowered,
                                     inspired and free to be and do their best together, for our customers and investors.

   46                                                        – Kylie Eagle, Head of People and Culture


                                     Kiwi Property has been evolving its people and culture strategy since we were
                                     established. Here are some of our achievements for 2018, and an overview of
                                                     what we will be focused on in the year ahead.

kiwi property




chief executive’s review
                                           strategic objectives         outcomes this year                        our future focus

                           we’re           To create a workplace of     With a move to new corporate offices      We will monitor the success of
                                           the future with new ways     in the Vero Centre in April 2018, we      our new workplace through
                           people-         of working                   have moved to activity-based work         employee engagement and
                           people                                       practices, empowering our team to         productivity measures, and fine
                                                                        work where and how they choose,           tune where possible to ensure
                                                                        with maximum flexibility and minimum      our workplace of the future
                                                                        constraints, to optimise collaboration,   remains fit for purpose.
                                                                        productivity, wellbeing and space.

                                                                        We have embraced digital ways of          We will continue to leverage
                                                                        working with the use of apps for          technology and digitisation
                                                                        internal communication, employee          of the workplace to increase
                                                                        carparking, pay and leave self-service,   productivity, reduce occupancy
                                                                        performance and development and           costs per employee and increase
                                                                        remote system security access.            our sustainable practices.
                      strategic objectives          outcomes this year                        our future focus

we lead               Build leadership capability   In 2017 we launched ‘Elevate’,            Our leadership development
                      at all levels of the          the Kiwi Property Leadership              focus will continue to develop
                      organisation as an enabler    Development programme built               how our leaders think and
                      of our strategic objectives   on developing leaders who are:            learn, rather than what to think   47
                      and our culture                                                         and do.
                                                    —— real and adaptable
                                                    —— coaches and connectors, and            We will work on measuring
                                                                                              our progress in this area by
                                                    —— discoverers and visionaries.
                                                                                              undertaking an organisational
                                                    87% of our people leaders                 employee survey and
                                                    participated in leadership training       comparing our leadership
                                                    during the 2018 financial year.           style profile against our

                                                                                                                                  results
                                                                                              starting profile.




we have a             To attract, develop and       We provide potential for development      Attracting, developing and
                      retain talent                 via experience, exposure and education.   retaining the best talent in the
passion for                                                                                   industry is critical to building
                                                    —— 70% of development via
excellence                                             experience, day-to-day tasks,
                                                                                              a sustainable and high
                                                                                              performance organisation.
                                                       challenges and practice.
                                                    —— 20% of development via                 We are working towards
                                                       exposure to others, work situations    ensuring our talent is engaged
                                                       and collaboration.                     and career growth occurs
                                                                                              through individual learning and
                                                    —— 10% of development via education
                                                                                              development plans and a
                                                       and structured learning.
                                                                                              coordinated approach to talent
                                                                                              management.

                                                    To support and build a future pipeline    We look forward to being able
                                                    of talent, we have committed to           to name the first recipient of
                                                    supporting the education, promotion       the Kiwi Property Māori and
                                                    and enablement of careers in the          Pasifika scholarship in 2018.
                                                    property industry for Māori and
                                                    Pasifika students.

                                                    During the 2018 financial year, in
                                                    conjunction with Keystone Trust, we
                                                    designed a scholarship programme
                                                    for Māori and Pasifika students
                                                    undertaking tertiary study in property.

CHRISTIE ZHAO
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY
MANAGER
                                               strategic objectives           outcomes this year                          our future focus

                           we do               Create a culture of            cultural awareness



annual report 2018
                                               inclusion, diversity, health
                           what’s              and safety, wellbeing and
                                                                              We continued to grow employee
                                                                              awareness of New Zealand’s cultural
                                                                                                                          We have started the investment
                                                                                                                          to understand what makes
                           right               giving back                    diversity through education and             workplaces inclusive.
                                                                              celebrations of Diwali, Chinese
                                                                                                                          Our goal is to broaden and embed
                                                                              New Year and Matariki.
                                                                                                                          diversity and inclusion into our ways
                                                                                                                          of working.

   48
                                                                              wellbeing
                                                                              In the 2018 year there were 208             We will continue our focus
                                                                              occurrences of employee                     on wellbeing.
                                                                              participation in at least one wellbeing



kiwi property
                                                                              programme. For example, 45 of our
                                                                              people took part in the Auckland
                                                                              Marathon in November 2017.

                                                                              diversity




chief executive’s review
                                                                              During 2017, new diversity objectives       We will continue our focus to
                                                                              were put in place to continue focused       increase the proportion of women
                                                                              work on developing a workforce that is      and Māori, Pasifika and Asian
                                                                              a more reflective representation of the     ethnicities in senior leadership roles.
                                                                              communities and customers we serve.

                                                                              The new objectives focused on
                                                                              sourcing and attracting a broader
                                                                              candidate talent pool and identifying
                                                              New Zealand
                                              Kiwi Property   profile 2013    alternative recruitment channels in
                                              recruits FY18   census          order to attract and source a greater
                           European           89%             74%             representation of Māori, Pacific
                                                                              Peoples, Asian and female candidates.
                           Māori              22%             15%
                           Asian              15%             11%             We are proud of our achievements
                                                                              during 2018. At 31 March 2017,
                           Pacific Peoples    4%              7%
                                                                              the representation of women in
                           Middle Eastern,    4%              1%              the leadership team was 17%.
                           Latin American,                                    At 31 March 2018, this increased to
                           African
                                                                              25% and, post the reporting period,
                                                                              increased further to 36%.
                           The statistics add to greater than 100%            Of the 28 new recruits to Kiwi Property
                           as some employees identify with more               during FY18, the ethnicity profiles of
                           than one ethnic group.
                                                                              these team members are moving us
                                                                              closer to our objective of better
                                                                              reflecting the communities we serve.
                                                                              This can be seen in the table aside where
                                                                              we compare the ethnicity profile of new
                                                                              team members joining the business in
                                                                              FY18 to New Zealand’s ethnicity profile
                                                                              from the 2013 census.
                                                                   our people
                                                                   highlights


                                       69%                                                                     87%                                                         49

                               of our people leaders                                                of our people leaders
                                    are women                                                     participated in leadership
                                                                                                       training in FY18




                                                                                                                                                                            results
                                across our workforce                                                  across our workforce


                                        208                                                                      212
                                 wellbeing courses                                                 health and safety related
                                  or activities were                                                     courses were
                                 undertaken in FY18                                                  undertaken in FY18




                                1        new director                                                          16%
                                3
                                  1      new leadership                                                   rolling annual
                                         team members                                                   employee turnover


                                                       providing the opportunity to inject
                                                          fresh ideas into the business




1. The role of Manager Shopping Centres, held by Shelley Jenkin, was elevated to a Leadership Team position on 23 April 2018. Linda Trainer was appointed to the role of
   GM Retail on 6 April 2018 and commenced with Kiwi Property on 23 April 2018. Rebecca Oliphant was appointed to the role of Strategy Manager and commenced with
   Kiwi Property on 28 August 2017.
                                                           building business
                                                               resilience

annual report 2018
                                         Our aim is to tread lightly on the planet; in doing so, we can create efficiencies
                                                 across our portfolio while building asset and business resilience.
                                                                 – Jason Happy, National Facilities Manager


                                           Our sustainability programme has now been in place for over 15 years.
   50                                            Here is a summary of some of our sustainability achievements
                                                  for 2018. For more in-depth information you are invited to
                                                    read our 2018 Sustainability Report. This is available on
                                                              our website, kp.co.nz/sustainability.


kiwi property              category   current year initiatives              outcomes
                           waste      —— continued to roll out the recent   —— we have reduced waste by a further 4.3% over the year – equivalent to
                                         learnings from our Sylvia Park        diverting waste from over 221 jumbo bins




chief executive’s review
                                         waste trials across the balance
                                         of the retail portfolio                  —— since our 2012 base measurement year, we have diverted
                                                                                     310 tonnes of waste from landfill, the equivalent of filling
                                                                                     507 jumbo bins

                           water      —— continued to implement             —— over the year, we have saved enough water to fill over 101 domestic
                                         operational refinements to            swimming pools
                                         achieve further efficiencies
                                                                                  —— since our 2012 base measurement year, we have reduced
                                                                                     water consumption by 23 million litres, enough water to fill
                                                                                     over 467 domestic swimming pools

                           energy     —— maintained our continuous          —— energy usage has reduced 7.9% over the year. This represents enough
                                         improvement approach to               energy to power over 199 houses for a year
                                         reduce energy consumption
                                                                                  —— since our 2012 base measurement year, we have saved
                                      —— upgraded a further 15% of
                                                                                     enough energy to power 448 houses for a year
                                         common area lighting to LEDs

                                                                            LED replacement project

                                                                            —— since 2016, we have replaced over 9,700 fluorescent lights
                                                                               with energy efficient LEDs. 80% of the portfolio’s common
                                                                               area lighting has now been upgraded
                                                                            —— expected to save over 3,300,000 kWh per annum (enough to power
                                                                               300 homes for a year)
                                                                            —— LED lights typically last 25 times longer than fluorescent
                                                                               lights. As a result, this programme is expected to negate the need for
                                                                               almost 300,000 fluorescent lamps over the life of
                                                                               the LEDs installed
                                                                            —— LEDs also do not contain mercury, which means the programme will
                                                                               prevent the need to dispose of almost 9kg of mercury
category     current year initiatives              outcomes
carbon       —— targeted achieving the highest     —— achieved A- rating in the carbon disclosure project
                rating of NZX-listed entities in      −− for the third consecutive year, retained highest CDP rating of any
                the Carbon Disclosure Project            New Zealand listed entity
             —— submitted carbon footprint to      —— retained our FSTE4Good rating
                CDP for certification
                                                      −− one of only five New Zealand entities included in this index              51
                                                   —— retained the highest level of carbon certification, ‘Carbon Managed’
                                                      −− our carbon footprint has reduced by 40% over our 2012 base year

NABERSNZ     —— continued our programme to         —— to date ratings have been obtained for:
                obtain 4-5 star NABERSNZ              −− ASB North Wharf 4.5-star
                ratings for all office buildings
                                                      −− 44 The Terrace 4.5-star (2017)
                owned or managed by

                                                                                                                                    results
                Kiwi Property by FY20                 −− The Aurora Centre 5.5-star. This is an exceptional outcome given this
                                                         was a refurbishment, reflecting investment over time and careful
             —— 4 star – “excellent”
                                                         design specifications for the refurbishment.
             —— 5 star – “market leading”
             —— 6 star – (top rating)
                “aspirational”

solar        —— derived more energy for            —— Kiwi Property is set to become New Zealand’s largest commercial user
                base building needs from              of solar power after signing a non-binding Memorandum of
                natural resources                     Understanding in 2017 with Meridian Energy to install solar arrays at four
                                                      shopping centres (in addition to the existing solar array at Sylvia Park)

seismic      —— continued our commitment           —— in recent years we have spent over $137 million upgrading our assets to
resilience      to people safety and asset            be more resilient in the event of seismic activity
                endurance by continuing            —— during the current year, works were undertaken at LynnMall, The Plaza,
                our seismic strengthening             North City and Northlands
                works programme

tenant       —— delivered a retailer awards        —— Kiwi Property sponsored the 2017 New Zealand Retail Interiors
engagement      programme encouraging                 Association’s first sustainability award. This award used Environmentally
                sustainable shop fitouts              Sustainable Design (ESD) criteria developed by Kiwi Property (using a
                                                      specialist consultant) to assess entrants’ submissions.
                                                      −− The inaugural award was won by Lush’s Queen Street store.
                                                         2degrees’ Queen Street store was awarded a highly commended.
                                                      −− The awards evening was well attended, raising both the profile of
                                                         sustainability in the retail fit out industry and Kiwi Property as a
                                                         leader in sustainability.
                           leading trends
                           Electric vehicles (EV) are one of the major sustainability trends in supporting New Zealand to be a low carbon economy. We are
                           seeking to support these early users, understand how this substantial change will impact on our assets, then ready our assets
                           accordingly.




annual report 2018




   52




                                                                                                                                                                 EV charging at Northlands in



kiwi property
                                                                                                                                                                 partnership with Meridian Energy




                           category        current year initiatives              outcomes
                           electric        —— expanded our range of free         —— In late 2017, we concluded another agreement with Tesla to add four




chief executive’s review
                           vehicles           EV chargers for our customers         super chargers at our shopping centre in Palmerston North, The Plaza.
                                                                                    This installation forms part of Tesla’s ambition to have a super charger
                                                                                    highway between Auckland and Wellington.
                                                                                 —— There are now 26 free electric car charging stations across
                                                                                    five of our shopping centres, including eight Tesla super
                                                                                    charger stations and 18 charging stations provided in
                                                                                    partnership with Meridian Energy.
                                                                                 —— Usage of our EV stations has risen dramatically over the year
                                                                                    (see chart below). Typically, we are now seeing in excess of
                                                                                    900 uses across the portfolio a month with a total plug in time
                                                                                    of over 1,100 hours per month.
                                                                                 —— The typical stay time for an EV is just over 1 hour and 10 minutes,
                                                                                    which is around 10 minutes longer than the average customer stay.


                                                                                 ev usage across sylvia park, lynnmall,
                                                                                 the plaza and northlands (by month)
                                                                                                                                                        929




                                                                                   77


                                                                                 May 17   Jun 17   Jul 17   Aug 17 Sep 17 Oct 17 Nov 17 Dec 17 Jan 18   Feb 18
our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) proposition and risks
Sustainability is an integral part of our value proposition, supporting our profitability, resilience and longevity. As well as
adding value to both ourselves and our tenants, our sustainability programme builds resilience by addressing the material
environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors for our business. Our key ESG risks are noted below, along with a
brief summary of steps we are taking to mitigate those risks (further details of our risk management practices and policies
can be found on page 112.


ESG risks                                                what we are doing
our people        —— Failing to ensure we continue       —— We are focused on creating a great working environment for our
                     to recruit and retain the              people, supporting our employment proposition.
                     best people.                        —— We firmly believe that a diverse team, coupled with a safe and healthy
                                                            work environment, flexible working arrangements and a positive team
                                                                                                                                       53
                                                            culture, will enable innovation, creativity and better business outcomes
                                                            to flourish.

our               —— Not remaining a valued part         —— Our assets play an important role in the prosperity of local
communities          of the communities in which            communities, providing places of economic activity and focal places to
                     we operate.                            work, shop and socialise.
                                                         —— We have numerous community and tenant programmes to support
                                                            the prosperity of our tenants and businesses and aid local communities

                                                                                                                                        results
                                                            to flourish.

our buildings     —— Failing to ensure our buildings     —— We build and enhance our properties to meet current and expected
                     continue to thrive in future           future operating environments, as determined by regulation,
                     operating environments.                infrastructure and climatic demands, thereby building resilience.

our               —— Failing to ensure our               —— We actively work to reduce our environmental footprint and resource
environment          environmental performance              use through continuously refining our operations and by deploying new
                     meets regulatory requirements          economically sustainable technology and practices.
                     and operational efficiency
                     demands.

our tenants       —— Failing to ensure our buildings     —— We strive to continuously provide our tenants safe, healthy, accessible
                     remain attractive to work, shop        and desirable buildings that support their business growth in a
                     and socialise in.                      sustainable manner.
                                                         —— We also strive to continuously provide our customers with sustainable,
                                                            community focused, safe, healthy and accessible buildings to shop and
                                                            socialise in.


To address all of the above in an integrated manner, we have an overarching sustainability strategy. A cross-divisional committee,
including senior managers, is charged with implementing, monitoring and managing this strategy, ensuring sustainability is woven
into our business practices.

Each year, we report our performance against our ESG targets through disclosures made in our Annual Report, our Sustainability
Report and our Greenhouse Gas Inventory Document, all of which can be found on our website kp.co.nz/sustainability.
                                                              contributing to
                                                          stronger communities
                                                        Our success is linked to the success of the local communities
                                                        in which we operate. Accordingly, we consider it vital that we
                                                         play an active role in supporting New Zealanders to prosper.



annual report 2018
                                                We do this by not only creating vibrant places to shop and work, but also by creating a strong
                                                   corporate culture, operating ethically and with high levels of governance, supporting
                                                employment and education in our industry, and by giving back to our communities through
                                                            volunteering, sponsorship and helping community groups to flourish.




   54




kiwi property
                           employment                                                            What has surprised you most about your working life?

                           Kiwi Property has long been a supporter of New Zealand’s              The amount of interaction between people; everyone seems
                           charitable Keystone Trust, which has been giving students a           to be regularly out of their desks, and at meetings with
                           hand-up into property related tertiary studies for 20 years.          tenants, contractors, or fellow colleagues, or away at one of
                                                                                                 our properties.




chief executive’s review
                           In 2015, we welcomed Keystone scholarship recipient
                           James Petherick to our commercial team on a part-time basis           How would you describe the culture at Kiwi Property?
                           as part of Keystone’s scholarship programme. Since then,              The culture at Kiwi Property is second to none. The employees
                           James has rotated through the facilities management team and          really are ’people-people’. When I first started I was a little shy but
                           is currently working with the retail property team.                   everyone was so welcoming which made me feel at ease.
                                                                                                 Everyone always says ‘hi’ and shows genuine interest in how I am
                           Here we talk to James about his experiences with the Keystone
                                                                                                 doing which makes me feel appreciated and valued within the
                           Trust and Kiwi Property.
                                                                                                 organisation. It is the people that I work alongside that really
                           James, you’re obviously settling in well to the property              make coming to work that little bit more enjoyable.
                           sector. What attracted you to the industry in the first place?
                                                                                                 What are some of the projects you’ve been able to work on?
                           I was half way through my final year of high school, when I           Do you have a favourite?
                           booked an appointment with the school’s careers advisor, where
                                                                                                 I have been involved with the development of Westgate Lifestyle,
                           at this stage I still had no idea which career I wanted to pursue.
                                                                                                 The Majestic Centre seismic strengthening project, the Vero
                           He suggested I explore the property industry as his daughter
                                                                                                 Centre lobby refurbishment and many more. However, if I had to
                           had done so and found it to be an enjoyable and rewarding
                                                                                                 choose a favourite it would be the lobby refurbishment at the Vero
                           career choice. I then spent a few weeks at the Dilworth Trust
                                                                                                 Centre. I was tasked with selling all the old lobby furniture to Vero
                           Board shadowing the Head of Property, where I learnt that there
                                                                                                 Centre tenants, with all proceeds given to charity.
                           is much more to the property industry than residential real estate
                           agents. It was then I knew this was the industry I wanted to be in.   Do you have a view yet on where you would like your career
                                                                                                 to take you?
                           How did you hear about the Keystone scholarship programme?
                                                                                                 Not yet. With the rotations I have done through the different
                           Again it was my careers advisor who told me about Keystone; it was
                                                                                                 teams at Kiwi Property it has meant that my shortlist of possible
                           a scholarship that provided much more than financial assistance,
                                                                                                 career choices continues to grow. I definitely want to pursue the
                           including the tools needed to be successful in the industry.
                                                                                                 property side of my degree and hope my career can tackle
                           How much of a difference has the scholarship made?                    some of the key property issues New Zealand faces.
                           It is cliché, but I am not sure where I would be without the          Thinking about your time at Kiwi Property, what skills have
                           Keystone scholarship. They provided me with a buddy in my first       you acquired along the way?
                           year of university which really helped me to find my feet in the
                                                                                                 I have acquired time-management skills as I have had to balance
                           new environment, which was completely different to school.
                                                                                                 my part-time work with Kiwi Property on top of my full-time
                           The numerous networking events provided by Keystone have
                                                                                                 university studies and my other activities. Furthermore, I have
                           allowed me to meet the leaders in the property industry and
                                                                                                 gained a lot of confidence and self-belief – if I truly put my mind to
                           also helped me get my job here at Kiwi Property.
                                                                                                 something, anything is possible.
                                                                                                             Top: Students from
                                                                                                             Blockhouse Bay School
                                                                                                             who won $2,000 from
                                                                                                             Kiwi Property through
                                                                                                             ’The Big Hoot’ competition.
                                                                                                             Bottom: Our team
                                                                                                             clearing tracks for Cue
                                                                                                             Haven Community &
                                                                                                             Management Trusts.




                                                                                                                                           55
James Petherick, Kiwi Property




Are there challenges in undertaking              communities
full-time study and working in a corporate       community experiences
environment like Kiwi Property? How have
                                                 Our shopping centres touch the lives of millions of customers every year.

                                                                                                                                            results
you worked through those challenges?
                                                 We know that, as local gathering places, our centres have an important role
At times, it can be a bit of a balancing act –   to play in strengthening their communities. Our centre management teams
especially during exam time – but I am a         develop initiatives to support their local communities. As a result, we
person who likes being busy. At first it was     support more than 50 grassroots initiatives that promote the provision of
also challenging working on particular tasks     local employment, wellbeing and social engagement. Some great
by myself without supervision because I was      examples include:
so used to being watched like a hawk at
                                                 —— KiwiFit – a safe, all-weather community exercise group
boarding school.
                                                 —— KiwiBubs – a free club created to help Kiwi parents find support, practical
                                                    advice and friendship
James is now in his final year at the            —— free childcare for 0-5 year olds for two hours per day at selected centres
University of Auckland studying a Bachelor
                                                 —— Christmas gift wrapping – with all donations going to local
of Property and Bachelor of Commerce                charities, and
conjoint, majoring in Accounting and
                                                 —— supporting grass root sports through the ’Match Hero’ programme at
Marketing. As well as being named                   selected centres.
Property Student of the Year in 2017, he         volunteering
placed third in the Australasian Real Estate
                                                 Our volunteering programme provides each of our employees one day of
Case Competition hosted by the University        paid leave each year to participate in volunteering.
of Sydney, and also competed in the
                                                 Over the year to 31 March 2018, our people provided 65 days of community
Cornell International Real Estate
                                                 service. Some of the causes our team contributed to this year included:
Competition hosted by Cornell University
                                                 —— fundraising for breast cancer awareness
(held in New York).
                                                 —— track maintenance, tree planting and path construction for Cue Haven
                                                    Community & Management Trusts, a restoration of former farm land to
                                                    a native nature reserve
                                                 —— painting, gardening and meal preparation for The Lifewise Trust, an
                                                    Auckland-based community social development organisation, who
                                                    develop new ways to solve challenging social issues. They work with
                                                    families, older people, people with disabilities, and people at risk of
                                                    homelessness, to turn people’s lives around
                                                 —— food and toy donations for the Auckland City Mission Christmas
                                                    Appeal, and
                                                 —— tree releasing (freeing trees from overgrown grass) for Waiheke
                                                    Resources Trust, which works towards sustainability for Waiheke Island.
annual report 2018




   56




kiwi property




                                                      reflections on the
chief executive’s review
                                                        past ten years
                           In a decade of service, our Chief Executive Chris Gudgeon has overseen the internalisation,
                            corporatisation, rebranding and growth of Kiwi Property. Chris will retire from the business
                                     in September 2018. Here he reflects on his ten years with Kiwi Property.


                                                             What first attracted you to Kiwi Property?
                               Definitely the people. Over a long time Kiwi Property has established a great reputation for good people
                                doing good things in the property sector – being leaders and being unafraid to take a calculated risk.
                                                    The perfect place to work if you are passionate about property.

                                                     What are you most proud of in your time at Kiwi Property?
                                I am very proud to have been part of a team of people that has grown Kiwi Property from a $2.1 billion
                               business in 2008 into a $3.1 billion business today – with a high-quality portfolio of core property assets
                                   that include some of the very best commercial property in New Zealand. Whether it’s our iconic
                               Auckland office assets, our Wellington government office precinct or our leading portfolio of shopping
                                  centres – our properties are some of the most recognised and envied in the country. Sylvia Park is
                               New Zealand’s favourite shopping centre and well on track to becoming a truly world-class town centre.

                                 Other highlights for me have been the development of ASB North Wharf, our investment in LynnMall,
                               the creation of our Wellington government office precinct (44 and 56 The Terrace), our joint venture with
                                          Tainui at The Base and the acquisition of our landholdings in Drury, South Auckland.

                                          What’s the greatest challenge Kiwi Property has overcome during your time?
                                 At Kiwi Property we negotiated the challenges of the global financial crisis in 2008 reasonably well,
                                but then faced a whole set of new challenges with the Canterbury earthquakes in 2011. Thankfully, the
                                 PwC Centre in Armagh Street and our Northlands shopping centre performed well from a life safety
                                              perspective but it was an extremely difficult time for our staff and tenants.
Together with all Cantabrians, we faced the initial
trauma and dislocation from the quake followed by
years of battling through the red zoning, demolition,
insurance claims and repairs to a point where                            a decade of growth
thankfully the re-build phase is the main focus.

The quakes have been a sharp reminder that we
live in a seismically-active country and have led us           2008                                              2018
to revisit the seismic resilience of all our buildings.
In the case of Kiwi Property, this has required us to
spend over $137 million on earthquake strengthening                                  total assets
nationwide – which has been tough on our
shareholders but the right thing to do from
                                                            $2.1b                 total assets under          $3.1b
                                                                              management have increased
a safety perspective.

How would you describe the Kiwi Property culture?                                                                              57
                                                              Auckland                                         Auckland
When we separated from our previous parent,
Commonwealth Bank of Australia, we took the                    50%                                              66%
opportunity to come up with our own set of values
                                                              Wellington             geographic                Wellington
uniting around the idea of ‘Exceptional People,
Exceptional Places’ – all trying our best to be the            19%                  diversification             10%
best in the property sector and, in a way that                                 the geographic weighting
                                                             Christchurch                                     Christchurch
looks after people – be they staff, customers or                               of the portfolio has moved
                                                               16%                                               8%
                                                                                                                                results
other stakeholders.                                                             to our preferred regions
                                                                                   of Auckland and the
What has internalisation done for the Company?                Hamilton                                         Hamilton
                                                                                     ’golden triangle’
Internalising management made a lot of sense for                9%                                               9%
Kiwi Property.
                                                           Palmerston North                                 Palmerston North
To start with, it reduced the cost of management by
circa $8 million per annum when we internalised in              6%                                                7%
2014. Given our growth since 2014, the cost saving to
shareholders would be even more today.
                                                                retail                                           retail
Secondly it focuses us exclusively on shareholder                                      sector
returns – which is made real for staff through our short       55%                 diversification              68%
and long-term incentive schemes.
                                                                office          the sector weighting of          office
And finally, it has given us greater freedom to express
ourselves more creatively through our culture, our
                                                               42%             the portfolio has moved
                                                                                 toward our retail bias
                                                                                                                 27%
brand and our vision.                                           other                                            other

What have you enjoyed most about the role of                    3%                                               5%
Chief Executive?


                                                              850                                            1,023
Working with our talented team to take Kiwi Property
forward has been a real privilege. Kiwi Property as a                                  number
company is in a very strong position with great assets                                of tenants
and a balance sheet that enables it to capitalise on

                                                           $925m                                             $1.8b
some great opportunities going forward.                                                retail
What’s next for you?                                                               portfolio sales
After ten very enjoyable years at Kiwi Property it is

                                                           $870m                                             $1.9b
time to move on and I am looking forward to a change.
I am really excited about doing something different –                          market capitalisation
and working out what that might be is a big part of
the excitement.
                     our leadership team




annual report 2018




   58




kiwi property




leadership team
                      CHRIS GUDGEON             AUBREY CHENG             KYLIE EAGLE
                      CHIEF EXECUTIVE           MANAGER RETAIL LEASING   HEAD OF PEOPLE
                                                                         AND CULTURE
                      BE (CIVIL), MBA, FRICS    BCOM, BPROP
                                                                         BCS, GRADUATE DIPLOMA
                      Leader                    Salesman                 IN BUSINESS
                      Innovator                 Relationship builder
                      Problem solver            Curator                  People strategist
                      Sailor                    Epicurean                Connector
                                                                         Communicator
                                                                         Novice surfer




                      GAVIN PARKER              DAVID GREENWOOD          JASON HAPPY
                      CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER   MANAGER PORTFOLIO        NATIONAL FACILITIES
                                                ANALYSIS                 MANAGER
                      BCOM,
                      GRADUATE DIPLOMA          BCOM (FINANCE),          BE, MSC
                      IN BUSINESS, CA           BPROP, MPINZ             (FACILITIES
                                                                         AND ENVIRONMENT
                      Strategist                Analyst
                                                                         MANAGEMENT)
                      Implementer               Spreadsheeter
                      Precisionist              Valuer                   Saver of planets
                      Fisherman                 Streak runner            Innovator
                                                                         Practical
                                                                         Paddler
                                                                                                                                                              59




MICHAEL HOLLOWAY                  SHELLEY JENKIN 1                                             TREVOR WAIREPO                  STUART TABUTEAU
GM COMMERCIAL                     MANAGER SHOPPING                                             GENERAL COUNSEL AND             CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
                                  CENTRES                                                      COMPANY SECRETARY
BSC (UK), MSC (UK), FRICS                                                                                                      BCOM, BA, CA
                                  BPROP                                                        LLB, BA, MBA
Office visionary                                                                                                               Treasurer
Connector                         Retail strategist                                            Legal eagle                     Collaborator
Numbers geek                      Partnership builder                                          Mitigator                       Finance leader
Martial artist                    CX champion                                                  Straightshooter                 Cyclist
                                  Intrepid walker                                              Son’s golf caddy




NATASHA LOULANTING                IAN PASSAU                                                   REBECCA OLIPHANT                LINDA TRAINER 2
MANAGER PROJECTS                  GM DEVELOPMENT                                               STRATEGY MANAGER                GM RETAIL
AND ANALYTICS
                                  MBA (TECHMGT), BE                                            BA, BCOM (HONS)                 DIP BUS
Analyst
                                  (CIVIL), NZCE (CIVIL)
Organiser                                                                                      Strategist                      Retail innovator
Precisionist                      Builder                                                      Innovator                       Enabler
Sun-loving bookworm               Civil engineer                                               Deal doer                       Collaborator
                                  Visionary                                                    Shopper                         Outdoor junkie
                                  Fisherman




                                                                                                            Comprehensive profiles of our leadership team
                                                                                                            can be found on our website, kp.co.nz/about-us/
                                                                                                            leadership-team




1. On 23 April 2018, the role of Manager Shopping Centres was elevated to a Leadership Team position.
2. Linda was appointed to the role of GM Retail on 6 April 2018 and commenced with Kiwi Property on 23 April 2018.
financials
                                                                     delivering on strategy



                         2018 saw continued revenue growth while improving the quality of our investment portfolio through developments, strategic acquisitions
                         and the sale of non-core assets, resulting in funds from operations growth of over 8%.




annual report 2018
                                                                                                                                           2018           2017
                                                                                                                                           $000           $000

                         Property revenue                                                                                             249,263          238,136

                         Less direct property expenses                                                                                 (57,168)        (55,599)

                         Net rental income                                                                                            192,095          182,537



   62                    Property management and other income                                                                            2,027           1,692

                         Interest and finance charges                                                                                  (42,645)        (43,236)

                         Employment and administration expenses                                                                        (20,567)        (17,987)

                         Straight-lining of fixed rental increases                                                                      (2,100)         (2,079)



kiwi property
                         Amortisation of tenant incentives and leasing fees                                                              7,873           6,774

                         Current tax expense                                                                                           (25,414)        (24,869)

                         Funds from operations                                                                                        111,269          102,832




delivering on strategy
                         Net fair value gain on investment properties                                                                   26,528          41,037

                         Net fair value gain/(loss) on interest rate derivatives                                                        (2,390)          9,732

                         Loss on disposal of investment properties                                                                      (7,069)         (1,345)

                         Litigation settlement expenses                                                                                        –          (770)

                         Straight-lining of fixed rental increases                                                                       2,100           2,079

                         Amortisation of tenant incentives and leasing fees                                                             (7,873)         (6,774)

                         Deferred tax expense                                                                                           (2,463)         (3,794)

                         Profit after income tax                                                                                      120,102          142,997



                         rental income growth

                         Rental income growth was driven by full-year contributions from prior year acquisitions of Westgate Lifestyle and The Base,
                         combined with completed developments at Sylvia Park, The Aurora Centre and 44 The Terrace. This was partially offset by the
                         disposal of a non-core asset The Majestic Centre. The balance of the portfolio was underpinned by like-for-like rental income
                         growth at Sylvia Park (4.7%), The Plaza (+3.6%), North City (+4.9%) and ASB North Wharf (+4.3%).


                                                                                                               rental income growth ($m)
                                              net rental income                              14



                                            $192.1m
                                                                                             12

                                                                                             10
                                            +5.2% 2017: $182.5 million                        8

                                                                                              6

                                                                                              4

                                                                                              2

                                                                                               –
                                                                                                    ACQUISITIONS    DEVELOPMENTS    STATIC PORTFOLIO     DISPOSALS
funds from operations
                                                                                         funds from operations
The strong rental income performance resulted in funds


                                                                        $111.3m                               7.84 cps
from operations (FFO) growth of 8% to $111.3 million. On a per
share basis, FFO was down 1.4% due to additional shares on
issue following the $157 million (net of issue costs) equity raise
to fund our growth initiatives.                                         +8.2% 2017: $102.8 million               -1.4% 2017: 7.95 cps

after-tax profit
                                                                                                                                           63
After-tax profit was 16% lower than the prior year as a result                                profit after tax


                                                                                          $120.1m
of lower revaluation gains on our property portfolio relative to
the prior year as the quantum of capitalisation rate firming
stabilises, and the absence of fair value gains on interest rate
derivatives experienced in the prior year.                                                -16.0% 2017: $143.0 million




shareholder returns

Pre-tax FFO per share reduced by 2.5% as a result of the additional shares on issue after the equity raise. Gross dividends increased
by 1% and shareholders will receive a final dividend of 3.425 cents per share, taking the full-year cash dividend to 6.85 cents, up 1.5%
on the prior year.


      pre-tax FFO per share                          gross dividend per share                        cash dividend per share


    9.63 cents                                       8.74 cents                                      6.85 cents                             financials

         -2.5% 2017: 9.87 cents                          +0.8% 2017: 8.67 cents                          +1.5% 2017: 6.75 cents




strong balance sheet

Our balance sheet remains strong, evidenced by the increase in total assets and net tangible asset backing and the decrease in
gearing to 29.7%. During the year, we delivered on a number of important capital management initiatives. We successfully
raised $157 million (net of issue costs) through a pro-rata entitlement offer, issued our third seven-year retail bond raising
$125 million at a competitive coupon of 4.33% per annum, and further diversified our bank debt funding, adding two new
lenders, China Construction Bank and HSBC.

             total assets                               shareholders’ funds                      net tangible assets per share


            $3.1b                                          $2.0b                                           $1.40
         +3% 2017: $3.0 billion                          +10% 2017: $1.8 billion                         +1.4 cents 2017: $1.39




S&P Global Ratings credit rating                             gearing ratio                                  cost of debt


             BBB+                                          29.7%                                         4.99%
            fixed-rate bonds                              -480bps 2017: 34.5%                             +38bps 2017: 4.61%
                                                                        five-year summary



                     financial performance
                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH




annual report 2018
                                                                                  2018      2017      2016      2015      2014
                                                                                   $m         $m        $m        $m        $m

                     Income
                     Property revenue and management income                      251.0     239.6     208.6     206.3     208.2

                     Other income                                                   0.3       0.3       6.5       0.4       5.4

                     Insurance income                                                 –         –         –         –     49.4

  64                 Net fair value gain on investment properties                 26.5      41.0     175.9      58.3        8.5

                     Net fair value gain on interest rate derivatives                 –       9.7         –         –     29.1

                     Total income                                                277.8     290.6     391.0     265.0     300.6




kiwi property
                     Expenses
                     Direct property expenses                                     (57.2)    (55.6)    (51.6)    (50.5)    (59.5)

                     Interest and finance charges                                 (42.6)    (43.2)    (33.5)    (52.6)    (56.9)

                     Manager’s fees                                                   –         –         –         –      (8.1)




five-year summary
                     Employment and administration expenses                       (20.5)    (18.0)    (16.2)    (15.1)     (6.2)

                     Net fair value loss on interest rate derivatives              (2.4)        –     (17.6)    (13.1)        –

                     Termination of management arrangements                           –         –         –      (2.1)    (74.5)

                     Other expenses                                                (7.1)     (2.1)     (0.4)     (7.2)     (4.8)

                     Total expenses                                              (129.8)   (118.9)   (119.3)   (140.6)   (210.0)

                     Profit before income tax                                    148.0     171.7     271.7     124.4      90.6

                     Income tax benefit/(expense)                                 (27.9)    (28.7)    (20.9)     (9.2)    10.7

                     Profit after income tax   1
                                                                                 120.1     143.0     250.8     115.2     101.3




                     funds from operations
                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH

                                                                                  2018      2017      2016      2015      2014
                                                                                   $m         $m        $m        $m        $m

                     Profit after income tax                                     120.1     143.0     250.8     115.2     101.3

                     Adjusted for:

                       Net fair value gain on investment properties               (26.5)    (41.0)   (175.9)    (58.3)     (8.5)

                       Loss on disposal of investment properties                    7.1       1.3         –       0.8       3.3

                       Net fair value loss/(gain) on interest rate derivatives      2.4      (9.7)    17.6      13.1      (29.1)

                       Termination of management arrangements                         –         –         –       2.1     74.5

                       Insurance adjustment/(income)                                  –         –         –       5.1     (49.4)

                       Litigation settlement expenses/(income)                        –       0.8      (5.9)      1.3      (3.5)

                       Straight-lining of fixed rental increases                   (2.1)     (2.1)     (2.3)     (4.1)     (2.7)

                       Amortisation of tenant incentives and leasing fees           7.8       6.7       6.4       5.6       5.3

                       Deferred tax expense/(benefit)                               2.5       3.8       0.4       4.0     (10.5)

                     Funds from operations     2
                                                                                 111.3     102.8      91.1      84.8      80.7
dividends
FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH

                                                                                             2018                2017                2016                2015                 2014
                                                                                              $m                   $m                  $m                  $m                   $m

Funds from operations                                                                      111.3               102.8                  91.1                84.8                80.7

Less amount retained                                                                        (14.1)              (15.5)                (7.2)              (14.5)              (16.0)

Cash dividend                                                                                97.2                87.3                 83.9                70.3                64.7

Payout ratio                                                                                 87%                  85%                 92%                 83%                  80%

                                                                                                                                                                                        65
                                                                                              cps                  cps                 cps                 cps                  cps

Cash dividend                                                                                6.85                6.75                 6.60                6.50                6.40

Imputation credits                                                                           1.89                1.92                 1.62                0.44                     –

Gross dividend                                                                               8.74                8.67                 8.22                6.94                6.40




financial position
AS AT 31 MARCH

                                                                                             2018                2017                2016                2015                 2014
                                                                                              $m                   $m                  $m                  $m                   $m

Assets
Investment properties                                                                   3,052.0              2,969.4             2,669.9             2,275.8              2,130.2

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    10.7                  9.8                 6.2                  6.2                 9.2



                                                                                                                                                                                         financials
Other assets                                                                                 22.8                20.7                 22.3                13.6                96.4

Total assets                                                                            3,085.5              2,999.9             2,698.4             2,295.6              2,235.8


Liabilities
Interest bearing liabilities                                                               913.5             1,030.4                814.2               766.4               786.5

Mandatory convertible notes                                                                      –                    –                   –                    –            119.7

Deferred tax liabilities                                                                     95.8                93.4                 92.3                90.1                93.5

Other liabilities                                                                            82.1                70.0                 75.1                56.5                47.6

Total liabilities                                                                       1,091.4              1,193.8                981.6               913.0             1,047.3


Equity
Share capital                                                                           1,432.9              1,272.6             1,241.1             1,079.1                934.5

Share-based payments reserve                                                                   0.4                 0.5                 0.2                     –                   –

Retained earnings                                                                          560.8               533.0                475.5               303.5               254.0

Total equity                                                                            1,994.1              1,806.1             1,716.8             1,382.6              1,188.5

Total equity and liabilities                                                            3,085.5              2,999.9             2,698.4             2,295.6              2,235.8

Gearing ratio                                                                              29.7%               34.5%               30.3%                33.5%               35.2%

Net tangible assets per security                                                           $1.40               $1.39                $1.34               $1.21               $1.17


1. The reported profit has been prepared in accordance with New Zealand generally accepted accounting practice and complies with New Zealand Equivalents to International
   Financial Reporting Standards. The reported profit information has been extracted from the annual financial statements which have been the subject of an audit pursuant to
   New Zealand Auditing Standards issued by the External Reporting Board.						
2. FFO is an alternative non-GAAP performance measure used by Kiwi Property to assist investors in assessing the Company’s underlying operating performance and to determine
   income available for distribution. FFO is a measure commonly used by real estate entities to describe their underlying and recurring earnings from operations. FFO does not have a
   standard meaning prescribed by GAAP and therefore may not be comparable to information presented by other entities. FFO is calculated by Kiwi Property in accordance with the
   Voluntary Best Practice Guidelines issued by the Property Council of Australia (the Guidelines). During the 2018 financial year, the Guidelines amended the method used to derive
   FFO to include the amortisation of leasing fees. Kiwi Property has amended its current year FFO calculation to reflect this change.
                                                            five-year summary (continued)




                     property metrics
                     AS AT 31 MARCH




annual report 2018
                                                                                         2018          2017           2016          2015           2014

                     Number of core properties                                            13             14             14            12               12

                     Net lettable area (sqm)                                          451,230      474,381        374,739        364,713       373,277

                     Occupancy rate                                                    99.6%          98.8%         98.7%          98.4%          97.8%

                     Weighted average lease term (years)                                  5.3           5.6            5.1            4.5             4.7

                     Weighted average capitalisation rate                              6.11%          6.40%         6.61%          6.92%          7.19%
  66

                     interpretation                                                       2014
                                                                                          —— The management of Kiwi Income Property Trust was
                     The following commentary is provided to assist with the
                                                                                             internalised. A termination payment of $72.5 million


kiwi property
                     interpretation of the five-year summary:
                                                                                             ($52.5 million after tax) was made to the former manager.
                     2018                                                                    This payment was tax deductible, therefore reducing the
                     —— Acquired 30.6 hectares of land at Drury in South Auckland            tax payable in 2014 and 2015.
                        for $32.7 million.                                                —— Following internalisation, all employees were employed
                                                                                             directly by the Trust.



five-year summary
                     —— Acquired property adjacent to Sylvia Park, Auckland
                        for $27.1 million.                                                —— The development of our iconic Auckland office building,
                     —— 1 for 11 entitlement offer completed, raising $157 million           ASB North Wharf, was completed, together with the
                        (net of costs).                                                      redevelopment of Centre Place in Hamilton.
                     —— The Majestic Centre, Wellington, was sold.                        —— Final insurance proceeds for Northlands’ seismic damage
                                                                                             were received.
                     —— A $125 million bond issue was completed (2024 expiry).
                                                                                          —— 50% of 205 Queen Street, Auckland, was sold.
                     2017
                     —— Acquired a 50% interest in The Base in Hamilton for
                        $192.5 million.
                     —— Centre Place – South, Hamilton, was sold.
                     —— Concluded developments at Westgate Lifestyle, Auckland,
                        44 The Terrace and The Aurora Centre, Wellington.
                     —— Completed development of H&M and Zara at
                        Sylvia Park, Auckland.
                     —— A $125 million bond issue was completed (2023 expiry).

                     2016
                     —— 1 for 9 entitlement offer completed, raising $148.1 million
                        (net of costs).
                     —— Westgate Lifestyle, Auckland was acquired.

                     2015
                     —— Kiwi Income Property Trust was converted to a company
                        and rebranded as Kiwi Property.
                     —— Final 50% interest in 205 Queen Street, Auckland,
                        was sold.
                     —— Sylvia Park Lifestyle, Auckland, was acquired.
                     —— A $125 million bond issue was completed (2021 expiry).
                     —— $120 million of mandatory convertible notes were
                        converted to shares.
                     —— Refurbishment works at The Aurora Centre, Wellington,
                        commenced.
financial statements




  consolidated statement
 of comprehensive income     67
           PG 68


  consolidated statement
   of changes in equity
           PG 69


  consolidated statement
    of financial position
           PG 70


  consolidated statement

                              financials
      of cash flows
           PG 71


 notes to the consolidated
   financial statements
           PG 73


      independent
     auditor’s report
           PG 97
                                                              consolidated statement
                                                             of comprehensive income
                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018




                                                                                                                                           2018        2017
                                                                                                                           Note            $000        $000




annual report 2018
                       Income
                       Property revenue                                                                                     2.1       249,263       238,136

                       Property management income                                                                                          1,742       1,506

                       Interest and other income                                                                                            285         186

                       Net fair value gain on interest rate derivatives                                                   3.4.2                –       9,732

                       Net fair value gain on investment properties                                                         3.2           26,528     41,037
  68
                       Total income                                                                                                   277,818       290,597


                       Expenses
                       Direct property expenses                                                                                       (57,168)       (55,599)


kiwi property
                       Interest and finance charges                                                                         2.2       (42,645)       (43,236)

                       Employment and administration expenses                                                               2.2       (20,567)       (17,987)

                       Net fair value loss on interest rate derivatives                                                   3.4.2           (2,390)          –




financial statements
                       Loss on disposal of investment properties                                                                          (7,069)     (1,345)

                       Litigation settlement expenses                                                                                          –        (770)

                       Total expenses                                                                                                (129,839)      (118,937)

                       Profit before income tax                                                                                       147,979       171,660

                       Income tax expense                                                                                   2.3       (27,877)       (28,663)

                       Profit and total comprehensive income after income tax attributable to shareholders                            120,102       142,997


                       Basic and diluted earnings per share (cents)                                                       3.6.3             8.66       11.10




                       The consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.			
                                              consolidated statement
                                               of changes in equity
                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018




                                                                                                                 Share-based
                                                                                                     Share         payments     Retained        Total
                                                                                                    capital           reserve   earnings       equity
                                                                                    Note             $000               $000       $000         $000

Balance at 1 April 2016                                                                        1,241,129                168     475,468    1,716,765

Profit after income tax                                                                                      –             –    142,997     142,997

Dividends paid                                                                     3.6.2                     –             –    (85,533)     (85,533)

Dividends reinvested                                                               3.6.1           31,922                  –          –      31,922

Long-term incentive plan                                                           3.6.4              (429)             197         114         (118)

Balance at 31 March 2017                                                                       1,272,622                365     533,046    1,806,033    69


Balance at 1 April 2017                                                                        1,272,622                365     533,046    1,806,033

Profit after income tax                                                                                      –             –    120,102     120,102

Dividends paid                                                                     3.6.2                     –             –    (92,404)     (92,404)

Dividends reinvested                                                               3.6.1             3,842                 –          –       3,842

Shares issued – entitlement offer                                                  3.6.1          156,950                  –          –     156,950

Long-term incentive plan                                                           3.6.4              (478)               36         33         (409)

Balance at 31 March 2018                                                                       1,432,936                401     560,777    1,994,114




                                                                                                                                                         financials




The consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                     consolidated statement
                                                                       of financial position
                                                                                           A S AT 3 1 M A R C H 2 0 1 8




                                                                                                                                                 2018        2017
                                                                                                                                     Note        $000        $000




annual report 2018
                       Current assets
                       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                               10,697       9,772

                       Trade and other receivables                                                                                    3.1      14,261      12,883

                                                                                                                                               24,958      22,655


                       Non-current assets
  70                   Investment properties                                                                                          3.2    3,051,964   2,969,365

                       Property, plant and equipment                                                                                            3,764       1,218

                       Interest rate derivatives                                                                                     3.4.2        658       2,428

                       Deferred tax assets                                                                                            3.3       4,114       4,208


kiwi property
                                                                                                                                             3,060,500   2,977,219

                       Total assets                                                                                                          3,085,458   2,999,874


                       Current liabilities



financial statements
                       Trade and other payables                                                                                       3.5      57,430      45,464

                       Income tax payable                                                                                                       9,290       7,163

                       Interest rate derivatives                                                                                     3.4.2        627         198

                                                                                                                                               67,347      52,825


                       Non-current liabilities
                       Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                  3.4.1    913,502    1,030,358

                       Interest rate derivatives                                                                                     3.4.2     14,725      17,258

                       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                       3.3      95,770      93,400

                                                                                                                                             1,023,997   1,141,016

                       Total liabilities                                                                                                     1,091,344   1,193,841


                       Equity
                       Share capital                                                                                                 3.6.1   1,432,936   1,272,622

                       Share-based payments reserve                                                                                               401         365

                       Retained earnings                                                                                                      560,777     533,046

                       Total equity                                                                                                          1,994,114   1,806,033

                       Total equity and liabilities                                                                                          3,085,458   2,999,874


                       For and on behalf of the board, who authorised these financial statements for issue on 18 May 2018.




                       MARK FORD                        MARY JANE DALY
                       CHAIR                            CHAIR OF THE AUDIT AND
                                                        RISK COMMITTEE

                       The consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                              consolidated statement
                                                  of cash flows
                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018




                                                                                                                2018        2017
                                                                                                      Note      $000        $000

Cash flows from operating activities
Property revenue                                                                                             247,835     236,122

Property management income                                                                                      1,727       1,384

Interest and other income                                                                                        285         186

Direct property expenses                                                                                      (58,290)    (56,672)

Interest and finance charges                                                                                  (42,054)    (42,823)
                                                                                                                                     71
Employment and administration expenses                                                                        (18,149)    (14,935)

Income tax expense                                                                                            (23,287)    (24,105)

Goods and Services Tax received                                                                                  151        1,757

Net cash flows from operating activities                                                                     108,218     100,914


Cash flows from investing activities
Proceeds from disposal of investment properties                                                              122,083      46,141

Acquisition of investment properties                                                                          (59,828)   (213,944)

Expenditure on investment properties                                                                         (108,877)    (91,228)

Interest and finance charges capitalised to investment properties                                              (3,755)     (2,626)

Acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                                                   (3,035)       (857)

Net litigation settlement income                                                                                    –       3,530




                                                                                                                                      financials
Proceeds from other investment activities                                                                           –          28

Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                                   (53,412)   (258,956)


Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from issue of shares                                                                                156,950            –

Own shares acquired for long-term incentive plan                                                                 (633)       (429)

Proceeds from/(repayment of) bank loans                                                                      (242,500)    92,000

Proceeds from fixed rate bonds                                                                               123,555     123,585

Settlement of interest rate derivatives                                                                        (2,724)          –

Dividends paid                                                                                                (88,529)    (53,497)

Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities                                                            (53,881)   161,659

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                                        925        3,617

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                          9,772       6,155

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                              10,697        9,772




The consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                            consolidated statement
                                                                           of cash flows (continued)
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018




                                                                                                                                2018       2017
                                                                                                                                $000       $000




annual report 2018
                       Reconciliation of profit after income tax
                       to net cash flows from operating activities
                       Profit after income tax                                                                               120,102    142,997


                       Items classified as investing or financing activities:

                         Movements in working capital items relating to investing and financing activities                    (2,925)      907

  72
                       Non-cash items:

                         Net fair value loss/(gain) on interest rate derivatives                                               2,390     (9,732)

                         Net fair value gain on investment properties                                                        (26,528)   (41,037)




kiwi property
                         Movement in deferred tax assets                                                                         94       2,725

                         Movement in deferred tax liabilities                                                                  2,370      1,070


                       Movements in working capital items:




financial statements
                         Trade and other receivables                                                                          (1,378)     1,742

                         Income tax payable                                                                                    2,127       764

                         Trade and other payables                                                                             11,966      1,478

                       Net cash flows from operating activities                                                              108,218    100,914




                       The consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
notes to the consolidated
  financial statements
        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018




1.    general information
1.1   reporting entity                      PG 74
1.2   basis of preparation		                PG 74
1.3   significant changes during the year   PG 74
1.4   group structure                       PG 74
1.5   new standards, amendments
      and interpretations		                 PG 74
1.6   key judgements and estimates          PG 75
                                                    73
1.7   accounting policies                   PG 75


2.    profit and loss information
2.1   property revenue                      PG 76
2.2   expenses                              PG 77
2.3 tax expense                             PG 78


3.    financial position information
3.1   trade and other receivables           PG 80
3.2 investment properties                   PG 80
3.3 deferred tax                            PG 85
3.4 funding                                 PG 85
3.5 trade and other payables                PG 87
3.6 equity                                  PG 88


4.    financial risk management
4.1   interest rate risk                    PG 91
4.2 credit risk                             PG 92

                                                     notes
4.3 liquidity risk                          PG 92


5.    other information
5.1   segment information                   PG 93
5.2   related party transactions            PG 94
5.3 key management personnel                PG 95
5.4 commitments                             PG 95
5.5 subsequent events                       PG 96
                                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                                                                1. general information
                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018




                     1.1 reporting entity                                                      1.4 group structure

                     The financial statements are for Kiwi Property Group Limited              controlled entities




annual report 2018
                     (Kiwi Property or the Company) and its controlled entities                The Company has the following wholly-owned subsidiaries:
                     (the Group). The Company is incorporated and domiciled in                 Kiwi Property Holdings Limited (KPHL), Kiwi Property Holdings
                     New Zealand, is registered under the Companies Act 1993                   No. 2 Limited (KPHL2), Kiwi Property Te Awa Limited (KPTAL) and
                     and is a reporting entity for the purposes of the Financial               Sylvia Park Business Centre Limited (SPBCL). SPBCL owns
                     Markets Conduct Act 2013. The Company is listed with                      Sylvia Park and Sylvia Park Lifestyle, KPHL2 owns the
                     NZX Limited with its ordinary shares quoted on the NZX Main               development land at Drury and KPTAL owns the Group’s 50%
                     Board and fixed-rate bonds quoted on the NZX Debt Market.                 interest in The Base. All other properties are owned by KPHL.

  74                 The principal activity of the Group is to invest in                       The Company has control over the trust fund operated by Pacific
                     New Zealand real estate.                                                  Custodians (New Zealand) Limited as trustee for the Company’s
                                                                                               long-term incentive plan (for further details refer to Note 3.6.4).
                     1.2 basis of preparation                                                  The trust fund is consolidated as part of the Group.

                     The financial statements have been prepared in accordance                 joint venture


kiwi property
                     with New Zealand Generally Accepted Accounting Practice                   The Group holds its 50% interest in The Base by way of an
                     (GAAP) and the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013. They                   unincorporated joint venture. The Group has determined that its
                     comply with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial            interest constitutes a joint arrangement as the relevant decisions
                     Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) and other guidance as issued by             about the property require the unanimous consent of both
                     the External Reporting Board, as appropriate for profit-oriented
notes
                                                                                               parties. The joint arrangement has been classified as a joint
                     entities, and with International Financial Reporting Standards.           operation on the basis that the parties have direct rights to the
                     The financial statements are prepared on the basis of historical          assets and obligations for the liabilities relating to their share of
                     cost, except where otherwise identified. The functional and               the property in the normal course of business. The Group
                     reporting currency used in the preparation of the financial               recognises its share of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses
                     statements is New Zealand dollars.                                        of the joint venture.

                                                                                               principles of consolidation
                     1.3 significant changes during the year
                                                                                               The consolidated financial statements include the Company and
                     The financial position and performance of the Group was                   the entities it controls up until the date control ceases. The
                     affected by the following events and transactions during the              balances and effects of transactions between controlled entities
                     reporting period:                                                         and the Company are eliminated in full.

                     entitlement offer
                                                                                               1.5 new standards, amendments and interpretations
                     On 17 July 2017, the Group completed a 1 for 11 entitlement offer
                     raising a total of $157.0 million (net of issue costs) through the        The following new standards have been published but are not
                     issue of 118.1 million shares at $1.36 each.                              yet effective and have not been early adopted by the Group:

                     fixed-rate bonds                                                          NZ IFRS 9 Financial instruments
                                                                                               This standard will replace NZ IAS 39. NZ IFRS 9 addresses
                     On 19 December 2017, the Group issued $125 million of
                                                                                               the classification, measurement and recognition of financial
                     seven-year fixed-rate senior secured bonds. For further details
                                                                                               assets and liabilities through a simplified mixed measurement
                     refer to Note 3.4.1.
                                                                                               model. The standard is required to be adopted by the Group in
                     investment property acquisitions and disposals                            its financial statements for the year ending 31 March 2019.
                     On 20 September 2017, the Group settled its acquisition of                Having completed an assessment of the standard, the impact is
                     30.6 hectares of land at Drury in South Auckland for                      immaterial from a profit and loss and net asset perspective,
                     $32.7 million including acquisition costs.                                however some presentational changes to the financial
                                                                                               statements will be required.
                     On 13 October 2017, the Group acquired property at
                     79 Carbine Road and 10 Clemow Drive in Mount Wellington,                  The introduction of the new expected credit losses model, that
                     Auckland for $27.1 million.                                               replaces the incurred loss impairment model, will not have a
                                                                                               material financial impact on the provisioning for the Group’s
                     On 11 December 2017, the Group settled the sale of The Majestic           trade receivables.
                     Centre, Wellington for $123.2 million (before disposal costs).
                     Kiwi Property manages the property on behalf of the purchaser.            Kiwi Property does not currently apply an accounting policy of
                                                                                               hedge accounting under NZ IAS 39. The new hedging rules align
                     On 11 April 2018, the Group entered into an unconditional                 hedge accounting more closely with the Group’s risk
                     agreement to dispose of North City for $100 million (before               management practices. As a general rule it will be easier to apply
                     disposal costs). The disposal is due to settle no later than July 2018.   hedge accounting going forward if the Group chooses to do so.
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




NZ IFRS 15 Revenue from contracts with customers                      measurement of fair values
This standard addresses the recognition of revenue from               The Group classifies its fair value measurement using a fair value
contracts with customers. It specifies the revenue recognition        hierarchy that reflects the significance of the inputs used in
criteria governing the transfer of promised goods or services to      making the measurements. The fair value hierarchy has the
customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which       following levels:
the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods
or services. The standard is required to be adopted by the Group      —— Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for
in its financial statements for the year ending 31 March 2019.           identical assets or liabilities.
                                                                      —— Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within
The majority of revenue for the Group is derived from rental
                                                                         Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
income from lease agreements with tenants. Accounting for
                                                                         directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).
lease income is scoped out of NZ IFRS 15 as it is within the scope                                                                             75
of NZ IAS 17 (and NZ IFRS 16 from the point that standard is          —— Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on
adopted). However, certain non-rental income streams, such as            observable market data (unobservable inputs).
property management income, are within scope of NZ IFRS 15.
                                                                      The carrying amount of all financial assets and liabilities is
Having completed an assessment of the standard, the financial
                                                                      equivalent to their fair values apart from the fixed-rate bonds
impact will not be material.
                                                                      (refer to Note 3.4.1 for further details on the fair value of the
NZ IFRS 16 Leases                                                     fixed-rate bonds).
This standard replaces the current guidance in NZ IAS 17.
NZ IFRS 16 requires a lessee to recognise a lease liability           goods and services tax
reflecting future lease payments and a ’right-of-use’ asset for
virtually all lease contracts. Lessor accounting remains largely      The financial statements have been prepared on a Goods and
unchanged from NZ IAS 17. The standard is required to be              Services Tax exclusive basis, with the exception of receivables
adopted by the Group in its financial statements for the year         and payables which are inclusive of Goods and Services Tax
ending 31 March 2020. A right of use asset and corresponding          where relevant.
liability reflecting future lease payments will be recognised
based on the commitments at 31 March 2020.

As outlined in Note 5.4, the Group has several occupational
ground leases of properties/parts of properties in its
investment property portfolio. The Group is assessing the
impact of NZ IFRS 16 on these ground leases. There is not
expected to be a material impact on the overall financial
position, however some presentational changes to the
financial statements will be required.

1.6 key judgements and estimates

In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, a
number of judgements have been made and estimates of future                                                                                     notes
events applied. Judgements and estimates are found in the
following notes:

Note 2.3              Tax expense                          PG 79
Note 3.2              Investment properties                PG 83
Note 3.4.2            Interest rate derivatives            PG 87
Note 3.6.4            Share-based payments                 PG 90



1.7 accounting policies

Accounting policies that summarise the measurement basis
used and are relevant to an understanding of the financial
statements are provided throughout the notes to the
consolidated financial statements. Other relevant policies
are provided as follows:
                                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                                                      2. profit and loss information
                                                                        FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018




                     2.1 property revenue

                                                                                                                               2018          2017




annual report 2018
                                                                                                                               $000          $000

                     Gross rental income                                                                                    252,193       242,831

                     Straight-lining of fixed rental increases                                                                2,100         2,079

                     Amortisation of capitalised lease incentives                                                            (5,030)        (6,774)

                     Property revenue                                                                                       249,263       238,136


  76                 The contractual future minimum property operating lease income to be received on properties owned by the Group at balance date
                     is as follows:

                                                                                                                               2018          2017
                                                                                                                               $000          $000



kiwi property
                     Within one year                                                                                        238,643       244,363

                     One year or later and not later than five years                                                        741,748       763,284

                     Later than five years                                                                                  414,261       465,317

                     Property operating lease income                                                                      1,394,652     1,472,964
notes



                              recognition and measurement

                     The Group enters into retail and office property leases with
                     tenants on its investment properties. The Group has determined
                     that it retains all significant risks and rewards of ownership of
                     these properties and has therefore classified the leases as
                     operating leases.

                     Rental income from those leases, including fixed rental
                     increases, is recognised on a straight-line basis over the
                     term of the lease.

                     Lease incentives offered to tenants as an inducement to
                     enter into leases are capitalised to investment properties
                     and then amortised over the term of the lease as a reduction
                     of rental income.
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2.2 expenses

                                                                                                 2018      2017
                                                                                                 $000      $000

Interest and finance charges on bank loans                                                      31,618    35,097

Interest on fixed-rate bonds                                                                    14,777    10,765

Capitalised to investment properties                                                            (3,750)   (2,626)

Interest and finance charges                                                                    42,645    43,236


Auditor’s remuneration:                                                                                             77
  Statutory audit and review of the financial statements                                          238       229

  Assurance related services                                                                       33        33

  Attendance and voting procedures at shareholder meetings                                           4         4

  Benchmarking of executive remuneration                                                             9       28

  Review of long-term incentive plan                                                               45          –

Directors’ fees                                                                                   704       652

Employee entitlements                                                                           21,898    19,417

  Less: recognised in direct property expenses                                                  (6,723)   (6,083)

  Less: capitalised to investment properties                                                    (3,117)   (2,058)

Information technology                                                                           1,298     1,314

Investor related expenses                                                                         670       700

Occupancy costs                                                                                  1,769      874

Professional fees                                                                                1,590     1,483

Trustees’ fees                                                                                     69        57

Other                                                                                            2,080     1,337

Employment and administration expenses                                                          20,567    17,987



         recognition and measurement

interest and finance charges                                                                                         notes
The interest and finance charges on bank loans are expensed
in the period in which they occur, other than associated
transaction costs, which are capitalised and amortised over
the term of the facility to which they relate.

The interest expense on fixed-rate bonds is recognised using
the effective interest rate method.

To determine the amount of borrowing costs capitalised to
investment properties that are being constructed or developed
for future use, the Group uses the weighted average interest
rate applicable to its outstanding borrowings during the year.
For 2018 this was 4.91% (2017: 4.67%).

employee entitlements
Employee benefits are expensed as the related service is
provided. Details of the employee entitlements expense in
relation to share-based payments is outlined in Note 3.6.4.
                                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                     2.3 tax expense

                     A reconciliation of profit before income tax to income tax expense follows:




annual report 2018
                                                                                                                         2018       2017
                                                                                                                         $000       $000

                     Profit before income tax                                                                         147,979    171,660

                     Prima facie income tax expense at 28%                                                            (41,434)   (48,065)

                     Adjusted for:

                       Net fair value gain/(loss) on interest rate derivatives                                           (669)     2,725
  78
                       Net fair value gain on investment properties                                                     7,428     11,490

                       Loss on disposal of investment properties                                                       (1,979)      (377)

                       Litigation settlement expenses                                                                       –       (216)



kiwi property
                       Depreciation                                                                                     7,054      6,953

                       Deferred leasing costs                                                                            137        992

                       Deductible capitalised expenditure                                                               1,655       954

                       Prior year adjustment                                                                            1,317       (144)
notes
                       Other                                                                                            1,077       819

                     Current tax expense                                                                              (25,414)   (24,869)


                     Depreciation recoverable                                                                          (2,733)    (2,108)

                     Net fair value loss/(gain) on interest rate derivatives                                              (94)    (2,725)

                     Deferred leasing costs and other temporary differences                                              364       1,039

                     Deferred tax expense                                                                              (2,463)    (3,794)

                     Income tax expense reported in profit                                                            (27,877)   (28,663)


                     Imputation credits available for use in subsequent periods                                        13,808     12,715



                               recognition and measurement

                     current tax
                     Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income
                     for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at
                     balance date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of
                     previous years.

                     deferred tax
                     Deferred tax is recognised in respect of all taxable temporary
                     differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
                     liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used
                     for taxation purposes. For deferred tax liabilities or assets arising
                     on investment property measured at fair value, it is assumed
                     that the carrying amounts of investment property will be
                     recovered through sale (refer to Note 3.3).

                     imputation credits
                     The imputation credits available represent the balance of the
                     imputation credit account at the end of the reporting period,
                     adjusted for imputation credits which will arise from the
                     payment of the income tax liability.
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




          key estimates and assumptions: income tax

deferred tax on depreciation
Deferred tax is provided in respect of depreciation expected to
be recovered on the sale of investment properties at fair value.
Investment properties are valued each year by independent
valuers. These values include an allocation of the valuation
between the land and building components. The calculation
of deferred tax on depreciation recovered relies on this
allocation provided by the valuers.
                                                                                                79
The calculation of deferred tax on depreciation recovered also
requires an assessment to be made of market values attributable
to fixtures and fittings. The market values of fixtures and fittings
for significant properties have been assessed utilising
independent valuation advice and the remaining properties
have been assessed with reference to previous transactional
evidence and their age and quality.

depreciation recovered on the PricewaterhouseCoopers
Centre (PwC Centre), Christchurch
The impairment of the PwC Centre in the year ended
31 March 2012 (resulting from the 2010 and 2011 Canterbury
earthquakes) and the associated insurance recovery triggered
a potential tax liability for depreciation recovered.

Following the earthquakes, the Government introduced
legislation which provides, in certain circumstances, rollover
relief for taxpayers affected by the earthquakes where insurance
income will be used to acquire or develop replacement property
in the Canterbury region. The legislation requires that the
replacement property is available for use by 31 March 2019.
As at 31 March 2018, the Group continues to qualify for this
relief and a deferred tax liability of $4.2 million continues
to be provided.

It is anticipated that the replacement property currently
expected to be developed by the Group in the Canterbury
region will not be available for use by 31 March 2019, therefore
the deferred tax liability is expected to crystallise into a current                             notes
tax liability in the 2019 financial year.
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                                                3. financial position information
                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018




                     3.1 trade and other receivables

                                                                                                                                       2018           2017




annual report 2018
                                                                                                                                       $000           $000

                     Trade debtors                                                                                                  10,087           6,563

                     Provision for doubtful debts                                                                                      (357)           (147)

                     Prepayments                                                                                                      4,531          4,082

                     Deposit on development land                                                                                           –         2,385

                     Trade and other receivables                                                                                    14,261          12,883
  80

                             recognition and measurement

                     Trade debtors are initially recognised at fair value and


kiwi property
                     subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
                     interest rate method, less an allowance for impairment.
                     Collectability of trade debtors is reviewed on an ongoing basis
                     and a provision for doubtful debts is made when there is
                     evidence that the Group will not be able to collect the
notes
                     receivable. Debtors are written off when recovery is no
                     longer anticipated. There are no overdue debtors
                     considered impaired that have not been provided for.




                     3.2 investment properties


                             recognition and measurement

                     Investment properties are properties held for long-term capital      Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value are
                     appreciation and to earn rentals.                                    recognised in profit or loss in the reporting period in which
                                                                                          they arise.
                     initial recognition – acquired properties
                     Investment properties are initially measured at cost, plus related   lease incentives
                     costs of acquisition. Subsequent expenditure is capitalised to       Lease incentives provided by the Group to lessees are included
                     the asset’s carrying amount when it adds value to the asset and      in the measurement of fair value of investment properties and
                     its cost can be measured.                                            are treated as separate assets. Such assets are amortised on a
                                                                                          straight-line basis over the respective periods to which the lease
                     initial recognition – properties being developed
                                                                                          incentives apply.
                     Investment properties also include properties that are being
                     constructed or developed for future use as investment                disposals
                     properties. All costs directly associated with the purchase          Investment properties are derecognised when they have been
                     and construction of a property, and all subsequent capital           disposed of. The net gain or loss on disposal is calculated as
                     expenditures for the development qualifying as acquisition           the difference between the carrying amount of the investment
                     costs, are capitalised. Borrowing costs are capitalised if they      property at the time of the disposal and the proceeds on
                     are directly attributable to the development.                        disposal and is included in profit or loss in the reporting period
                                                                                          in which the disposal settled.
                     subsequent recognition
                     After initial recognition, investment properties are measured
                     at fair value as determined by independent registered valuers.
                     Investment properties under construction are carried at cost
                     until it is possible to reliably determine their fair value, from
                     which point they are carried at fair value. Investment properties
                     are valued annually and may not be valued by the same valuer
                     for more than three consecutive years.
                                                         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




Investment properties held by the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                     Fair value          Capital            Fair value         Fair value
                                                                            Capitalisation           31 March         movements            gain/(loss)         31 March
                                                                                      rate                2017             2018                  2018               2018
                                                                 Valuer                  %                $000             $000                  $000               $000

Retail

Sylvia Park1                                                     CBRE                   5.38          755,000              69,497              10,503           835,000

Sylvia Park Lifestyle                                            CBRE                   6.25            70,900                 (233)            3,333             74,000

LynnMall                                                         CBRE                   6.25          271,000                2,130                 870          274,000

Westgate Lifestyle                                                  JLL                 6.38            87,000                 286              2,714             90,000
                                                                                                                                                                             81

The Base2                                                           JLL                 6.25          195,000                1,512              5,988           202,500

Centre Place – North                                                JLL                 8.75            66,000                 554             (7,554)            59,000

The Plaza                                                     Colliers                  7.00          215,500                6,529            (15,029)          207,000

North City   3
                                                                                                      110,500                4,217            (15,567)            99,150

Northlands                                                    Colliers                  7.13          248,500                8,926            (17,426)          240,000

                                                                                                    2,019,400              93,418             (32,168)        2,080,650


Office

Vero Centre                                                      CBRE                   5.50          381,000                8,879             30,121           420,000

ASB North Wharf                                               Colliers                  5.63          196,250                1,318             11,432           209,000

The Majestic Centre      4
                                                                                                      119,400            (119,400)                    –                  –

The Aurora Centre                                             Colliers                  6.38          140,650                4,330              7,270           152,250

44 The Terrace                                                Colliers                  6.63            41,750               2,618              5,532             49,900

                                                                                                      879,050            (102,255)             54,355           831,150


Other

Other properties                                              Various                                   57,915             29,555               5,594             93,064

Development land                                                    JLL                                 13,000             35,353              (1,253)            47,100

                                                                                                        70,915             64,908               4,341           140,164

                                                                                                                                                                              notes
Investment properties                                                                               2,969,365              56,071              26,528         3,051,964




1. Sylvia Park has been valued at $1.12 billion assuming completion of the office building, central carpark, galleria and southern carpark developments, less costs to
   complete of $261 million and a $24 million allowance for profit and risk.
2. Represents the Group’s 50% ownership interest. Refer to Note 1.4 for further information.
3. On 11 April 2018, the Group entered into an unconditional agreement to dispose of North City for $100 million. The carrying value as at 31 March 2018 represents the
   net disposal proceeds. The sale is due to settle no later than July 2018.
4. On 11 December 2017, the Group settled the sale of The Majestic Centre for $123.2 million. Refer to Note 1.3 for further details.
   The main contractor submitted a final claim for works at The Majestic Centre which exceeded the Company’s assessment of the amount due. Post balance date,
   the arbitration of the claim was settled. The settlement has been reflected in the loss on disposal of investment properties in the statement of comprehensive income.
                                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                     3.2 investment properties (continued)

                                                                                                                        Fair value         Capital            Fair value         Fair value
                                                                                                  Capitalisation        31 March        movements            gain/(loss)         31 March
                                                                                                            rate             2016            2017                  2017               2017
                                                                                     Valuer                    %             $000            $000                  $000               $000

                     Retail

                     Sylvia Park1                                                     CBRE                  5.88         704,000             39,652             11,348           755,000




annual report 2018
                     Sylvia Park Lifestyle                                            CBRE                  6.38          69,800                 168                932           70,900

                     LynnMall                                                         CBRE                  6.38         269,000               2,669               (669)         271,000

                     Westgate Lifestyle                                                  JLL                6.50          70,250             17,462                (712)          87,000

                     The Base   2
                                                                                         JLL                6.50                  –        193,528               1,472           195,000

                     Centre Place – North                                                JLL                8.63          65,500               3,987            (3,487)           66,000

                     Centre Place – South                                                                                 46,700            (46,700)                   –                   –
  82
                     The Plaza                                                     Colliers                 7.00         211,000               6,582            (2,082)          215,500

                     North City                                                    Colliers                 7.63         109,500                 783                217          110,500

                     Northlands                                                    Colliers                 7.25         243,000               2,606             2,894           248,500



kiwi property
                                                                                                                      1,788,750            220,737               9,913        2,019,400

                     Office

                     Vero Centre                                                      CBRE                  5.75         358,000               7,150            15,850           381,000

                     ASB North Wharf                                               Colliers                 5.75         187,750               1,286             7,214           196,250
notes
                     The Majestic Centre                                              CBRE                  7.25         112,250             12,288             (5,138)          119,400

                     The Aurora Centre                                             Colliers                 6.50         125,900             12,352              2,398           140,650

                     44 The Terrace                                                Colliers                 6.88          35,500               4,123             2,127            41,750

                                                                                                                         819,400             37,199             22,451           879,050

                     Other

                     Other properties                                              Various                                61,770              (5,929)            2,074            57,915

                     Development land                                                    JLL                                      –            6,401             6,599            13,000

                                                                                                                          61,770                 472             8,673            70,915

                     Investment properties                                                                            2,669,920            258,408              41,037        2,969,365


                     1. Sylvia Park was valued at $840 million assuming completion of the office and dining lane developments less costs to complete of $75 million and an allowance
                        for profit and risk.
                     2. Represents the Group’s 50% ownership interest. Refer to Note 1.4 for further information.


                     The movement in the Group’s investment properties during the year is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                   2018                2017
                                                                                                                                                                   $000                $000

                     Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                                   2,969,365         2,669,920

                     Capital movements:

                        Acquisitions (refer to Note 1.3)                                                                                                        59,828           209,220

                        Disposal of The Majestic Centre (refer to Note 1.3)                                                                                  (128,373)                     –

                        Disposal of Centre Place – South                                                                                                               –          (46,407)

                        Capitalised costs (including fees and incentives)                                                                                     128,882            101,265

                        Capitalised interest and finance charges                                                                                                 3,755                 2,626

                        Amortisation of lease incentives, fees and fixed rental income                                                                          (8,021)            (8,296)

                                                                                                                                                                56,071           258,408

                     Net fair value gain on investment properties                                                                                               26,528             41,037

                     Balance at the end of the year                                                                                                         3,051,964         2,969,365
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




            key estimates and assumptions:
            valuation and fair value measurement of investment properties


introduction                                                                 and discounted cash flow approach. In addition, the adopted
All of the Group’s investment properties have been determined                valuation of an investment property undergoing development
to be Level 3 (2017: Level 3) in the fair value hierarchy because all        may be assessed using a residual approach. These approaches
significant inputs that determine fair value are not based on                contain unobservable inputs in determining fair value which are
observable market data. Refer to Note 1.7 for further information            summarised in the table below.
on the fair value hierarchy.                                                 The valuations of the independent valuers are reviewed by the
valuation process                                                            Group and adopted as the carrying value in the financial
                                                                             statements subject to any specific adjustments required.
All investment properties were valued as at 31 March 2018
                                                                             The Group’s management verifies all major inputs to the
with the exception of North City which is subject to an
                                                                             valuations, assesses valuation movements when compared to
unconditional sale and purchase agreement and accordingly
                                                                             the previous year and holds discussions with the independent
is carried at the net disposal proceeds (and as at 31 March 2017).
                                                                             valuers as part of this process.
All valuations are prepared by independent valuers who                                                                                             83
are members of the Group’s valuation panel and members                       valuation inputs
of the New Zealand Institute of Valuers.                                     The significant unobservable inputs used and the sensitivity to a
The adopted valuations of investment properties have been                    change in those inputs are as follows:
assessed within a range indicated by at least two valuation
approaches; most commonly an income capitalisation approach

                                                                         Range of significant
                                                                         unobservable inputs
Class
of property          Inputs used to measure fair value                  2018            2017            Sensitivity

Retail               Core capitalisation rate                         5.4% – 8.8%     5.9% – 8.6%       The higher the capitalisation rates and
                                                                                                        discount rate, the lower the fair value.
                     Other income capitalisation rate                 5.4% – 15.0%    5.9% – 15.0%

                     Discount rate                                    7.0% – 9.8%     7.8% – 9.5%

                     Terminal capitalisation rate                     5.9% – 9.0%     6.4% – 8.9%

                     Gross market rent (per sqm)1                    $281 – $682     $279 – $753        The higher the market rent and growth
                                                                                                        rate, the higher the fair value.
                     Rental growth rate (per annum)                  -0.2% – 5.8%    -0.7% – 4.6%

Office               Core capitalisation rate                         5.5% – 6.6%     5.8% – 7.3%       The higher the capitalisation rates and
                                                                                                        discount rate, the lower the fair value.
                     Other income capitalisation rate                 6.5% – 7.5%     6.8% – 8.3%

                     Discount rate                                    7.0% – 8.3%     7.4% – 8.5%

                     Terminal capitalisation rate                     5.8% – 7.3%     6.1% – 7.8%

                     Gross market rent (per sqm) 1                   $421 – $662     $395 – $658        The higher the market rent and growth
                                                                                                        rate, the higher the fair value.
                     Rental growth rate (per annum)                   0.0% – 3.5%     0.0% – 4.0%

Other                Core capitalisation rate                         5.0% – 11.5%    5.8% – 10.0%      The higher the capitalisation rates and     notes
                                                                                                        discount rate, the lower the fair value.
                     Discount rate                                    7.0% – 12.0%    8.3% – 11.0%

                     Terminal capitalisation rate                     5.3% – 11.8%    5.8% – 10.5%

                     Gross market rent (per sqm)1                    $101 – $230     $133 – $265        The higher the market rent and growth
                                                                                                        rate, the higher the fair value.
                     Rental growth rate (per annum)                   0.0% – 3.0%     0.0% – 3.5%


1. Weighted average by property.
                                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                     3.2 investment properties (continued)

                     Generally, a change in the assumption made for the adopted             When assessing a discounted cash flow, the adopted discount




annual report 2018
                     core capitalisation rate is accompanied by a directionally similar     rate and the adopted terminal capitalisation rate have a strong
                     change in the adopted terminal capitalisation rate. The adopted        interrelationship in deriving fair value. An increase in the
                     core capitalisation rate forms part of the income capitalisation       adopted discount rate and a decrease in the adopted terminal
                     approach and the adopted terminal capitalisation rate forms            capitalisation rate could potentially offset the impact to the fair
                     part of the discounted cash flow approach.                             value. The same can be said for an opposite movement in each
                                                                                            input. A directionally similar change in the two inputs could
                     When calculating the income capitalisation approach, the gross
                                                                                            potentially magnify the impact to the fair value.
                     market rent has a strong interrelationship with the adopted core
  84                 capitalisation rate. An increase in the gross market rent and an       The table below explains the key inputs used to measure fair
                     increase in the adopted core capitalisation rate could potentially     value for investment properties:
                     offset the impact to the fair value. The same can be said for a
                     decrease in each input. A directionally opposite change in the
                     two inputs could potentially magnify the impact to the fair value.



kiwi property
                     Valuation techniques

                     Income capitalisation approach          A valuation technique which determines fair value by capitalising a property’s sustainable net
                                                             income at an appropriate, market-derived rate of return with subsequent capital adjustments
notes                                                        for near-term events, typically including letting up allowances, capital expenditure and the
                                                             difference between contract and market rentals.

                     Discounted cash flow approach           A valuation technique which requires explicit assumptions to be made regarding the prospective
                                                             income and expenses of a property over an assumed holding period, typically 10 years. The
                                                             assessed cash flows are discounted to present value at an appropriate, market-derived discount
                                                             rate to determine fair value.

                     Residual approach                       A valuation technique used primarily for property which is undergoing, or is expected to
                                                             undergo, redevelopment. Fair value is determined through the estimation of a gross realisation
                                                             on completion of the redevelopment with deductions made for all costs associated with
                                                             converting the property to its end use including finance costs and a typical profit margin for
                                                             risks assumed by the developer.

                     Unobservable inputs within the income capitalisation approach

                     Gross market rent                       The annual amount for which a tenancy within a property is expected to achieve under
                                                             a new arm’s length leasing transaction, including a fair share of property operating expenses.

                     Core capitalisation rate                The rate of return, determined through analysis of comparable, market-related sales
                                                             transactions, that is applied to a property’s sustainable net income to derive value.

                     Other income capitalisation rate        The rate of return that is applied to other, typically variable or uncontracted, sources of property
                                                             income to derive value and that is assessed with consideration to the risks in achieving each
                                                             income source.

                     Unobservable inputs within the discounted cash flow approach

                     Discount rate                           The rate, determined through analysis of comparable market-related sales transactions, that
                                                             is applied to a property’s future net cash flows to convert those cash flows into a present value.

                     Terminal capitalisation rate            The rate which is applied to a property’s sustainable net income at the end of an assumed
                                                             holding period to derive an estimated future market value.

                     Rental growth rate                      The annual growth rate applied to market rents over an assumed holding period.
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3.3 deferred tax

                                                                                                                        2018           2017
                                                                                                                        $000           $000

Deferred tax assets

Interest rate derivatives                                                                                              4,114          4,208


Deferred tax liabilities

Depreciation recoverable                                                                                             (87,973)       (85,240)

Deferred leasing costs and other temporary differences                                                                (7,797)        (8,160)    85
                                                                                                                     (95,770)       (93,400)

Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                                         (91,656)       (89,192)



         recognition and measurement

Deferred tax is provided for all taxable temporary differences             The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for                 balance date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation             probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow
purposes. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that            all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised.
it is probable that future taxable profits will be available to utilise
                                                                           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates
them. For deferred tax assets or liabilities arising on investment
                                                                           that are expected to apply to the year when the asset is realised
property, it is assumed that the carrying amounts of investment
                                                                           or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws)
property will be recovered through sale.
                                                                           applicable at balance date.




3.4 funding

3.4.1 interest bearing liabilities
The Group’s secured interest bearing liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                                                        2018           2017
                                                                                                                        $000           $000


                                                                                                                                                 notes
Bank loans                                                                                                          540,000        782,500

Fixed-rate bonds                                                                                                    375,000        250,000

Unamortised capitalised costs on fixed-rate bonds                                                                     (1,498)        (2,142)

Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                        913,502      1,030,358


Weighted average interest rate for drawn debt
(inclusive of bonds, active interest rate derivatives, margins and line fees)                                         4.99%           4.61%

Weighted average term to maturity for the combined facilities                                                      3.6 years       3.5 years



         recognition and measurement

All interest bearing liabilities are initially recognised at the fair
value of the consideration received, less directly attributable
transaction costs. After initial recognition, they are subsequently
measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate
method whereby the transaction costs are spread over the
expected life of the instrument.
                                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                     3.4.1 interest bearing liabilities (continued)
                     bank loans                                                                  and paid down $258 million of shorter dated facilities from
                     The bank loans are provided by ANZ Bank New Zealand, Bank                   existing lenders.
                     of New Zealand, China Construction Bank (New Zealand),                      As at 31 March 2018, the committed facilities totalled $917 million
                     Commonwealth Bank of Australia, The Hongkong and Shanghai                   (2017: $975 million) and the undrawn facilities available totalled
                     Banking Corporation (HSBC) and Westpac New Zealand.                         $377 million (2017: $192.5 million).
                     During the year, the Group secured an additional $100 million               fixed-rate bonds



annual report 2018
                     of three, four and five-year facilities from HSBC and an additional
                                                                                                 The following table provides details of the Group’s fixed
                     $100 million six-year facility from China Construction Bank
                                                                                                 rate bonds:


                                                                                                                                        Fair value      Fair value
                                                       Value of issue              Date      Date of   Interest                              2018            2017
                     NZX code                                   $000             issued     maturity       rate     Interest payable         $000            $000

                     KPG010                                  125,000           6-Aug-14   20-Aug-21         6.15%   February, August     135,254         133,644
  86
                     KPG020                                  125,000           7-Sep-16    7-Sep-23      4.00% March, September          125,848         120,860

                     KPG030                                  125,000       19-Dec-17      19-Dec-24      4.33%      June, December       127,403                 –

                     Fixed-rate bonds                        375,000                                                                     388,505         254,504



kiwi property
                     The fair value of the fixed-rate bonds is based on their listed             security
                     market prices at balance date and is classified as Level 1 in the           The bank loans and fixed-rate bonds are secured by way of a
                     fair value hierarchy (2017: Level 1). Refer to Note 1.7 for further         Global Security Deed. Pursuant to the Deed, a security interest
                     information on the fair value hierarchy.                                    has been granted over all of the assets of the Group. No
notes
                                                                                                 mortgage has been granted over the Group’s properties,
                                                                                                 however, the Deed allows a mortgage to be granted if an event
                                                                                                 of default occurs.




                     3.4.2 interest rate derivatives
                     The Group is exposed to changes in interest rates and uses interest rate derivatives to mitigate these risks by exchanging floating rate
                     interest obligations for fixed rate interest obligations (commonly referred to as interest rate swaps).

                     The following table provides details of the fair values, notional values, terms and interest rates of the Group’s interest rate derivatives.

                                                                                                                                             2018             2017
                                                                                                                                             $000             $000

                     Interest rate derivative assets – non-current                                                                            658            2,428

                     Interest rate derivative liabilities – current                                                                          (627)            (198)

                     Interest rate derivative liabilities – non-current                                                                   (14,725)       (17,258)

                     Net fair values of interest rate derivatives                                                                         (14,694)       (15,028)


                     Notional value of interest rate derivatives – active                                                                385,000         425,000

                     Notional value of interest rate derivatives – forward starting                                                      140,000         220,000

                     Notional values                                                                                                     525,000         645,000


                     Weighted average term to maturity – active                                                                         2.3 years       2.4 years

                     Weighted average term to maturity – forward starting                                                               4.9 years       5.4 years

                     Weighted average term to maturity                                                                                  2.9 years       3.4 years


                     Weighted average interest rate – active1                                                                               3.80%            3.91%

                     Weighted average interest rate – forward starting     1
                                                                                                                                            3.56%            3.58%

                     Weighted average interest rate      1
                                                                                                                                            3.74%            3.80%


                     1. Excluding fees and margins.
                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




In conjunction with the disposal of The Majestic Centre (refer to Note 1.3), interest rate swaps with a face value of $40 million were
closed out during the year for a payment of $2.7 million. The net fair value loss on the remaining interest rate derivatives for the year
was $2.4 million. The difference between these two amounts represents the movement in the net interest rate derivative liabilities
from 31 March 2017 to 31 March 2018.



                                                                                  key estimate: fair value
         recognition and measurement                                              of interest rate derivatives

Interest rate derivative instruments are initially recognised at fair   The fair values of interest rate derivatives are determined from
value on the date on which a derivative contract is entered into        valuations prepared by an independent treasury adviser using
and are subsequently re-measured to fair value each balance             valuation techniques classified as Level 2 in the fair value
date exclusive of accrued interest. Fair values at balance date         hierarchy (2017: Level 2). Refer to Note 1.7 for further information
are calculated to be the present value of the estimated future          on the fair value hierarchy. These are based on the present value
cash flows of these instruments. Transaction costs are                  of estimated future cash flows based on the terms and
expensed on initial recognition and recognised in profit or loss.       maturities of each contract and the current market interest rates      87
Derivatives are carried as assets when their fair value is positive     at balance date. Fair values also reflect the current
and as liabilities when their fair value is negative.                   creditworthiness of the derivative counterparties. These values
                                                                        are verified against valuations prepared by the respective
The Group does not designate any derivatives into hedging
                                                                        counterparties. The valuations were based on market rates at
relationships. Gains or losses arising from changes in fair value
                                                                        31 March 2018 of between 1.96% for the 90-day BKBM and 3.06%
of interest rate derivatives are recognised in profit or loss.
                                                                        for the 10-year swap rate (2017: 2.00% and 3.45%, respectively).




3.4.3 capital management
The Group’s capital includes equity and interest bearing liabilities. The Group maintains a strong capital base to ensure investor,
creditor and market confidence and to sustain the Group’s ongoing activities. The impact of the level of capital on shareholder
returns and the need to maintain a balance between the higher returns that might be possible with greater gearing and the
advantages and security afforded by a sound capital position is recognised by the Group. The Group is subject to the capital
requirement imposed by the Group’s Senior Facilities Agreement and Master Trust Deed governing its interest bearing liabilities
which require that total finance debt be maintained at no more than 45% of the total assets of the Group. This capital requirement
has been complied with throughout the year.




3.5 trade and other payables

                                                                                                                      2018            2017
                                                                                                                      $000            $000

Trade creditors                                                                                                     29,099          26,747

                                                                                                                                                notes
Interest and finance charges payable                                                                                 2,918           4,416

Development costs payable                                                                                           19,217           8,902

Employment liabilities                                                                                               4,246           4,020

Rent in advance                                                                                                        663             243

Goods and Services Tax                                                                                               1,287           1,136

Trade and other payables                                                                                            57,430          45,464



         recognition and measurement                                    obligation as a result of a past event, it is probable that a future
                                                                        outflow of cash or other benefit will be required and a reliable
Trade and other payables are carried at amortised cost and due          estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.
to their short-term nature are not discounted. Provisions are
recognised when the Group has a legal or constructive
                                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                     3.6 equity

                     3.6.1 share capital




annual report 2018
                     The following table provides details of movements in the Group’s issued shares:
                                                                                                          2018            2018           2017          2017
                                                                                                        Number          Amount         Number        Amount
                                                                                                           000            $000            000          $000

                     Balance at the beginning of the year                                            1,299,389       1,272,622       1,276,420    1,241,129

                     Issue of shares:

                       Dividend reinvestment                                                              2,831           3,842        22,917        31,922
  88
                       Entitlement offer (refer to Note 1.3)                                            118,132        156,950               –             –

                       Employee share ownership plan                                                        63                 –           52              –

                     Long-term incentive (LTI) plan                                                           –            (478)             –          (429)



kiwi property
                     Balance at the end of the year                                                  1,420,415       1,432,936       1,299,389    1,272,622




                     1,378,582 shares at a cost of $2.0 million are held by                          recognition and measurement
                     Pacific Custodians (New Zealand) Limited (the LTI Trustee)
notes
                     for the Group’s LTI plan (2017: 1,211,499 shares, at a cost of         Share capital is recognised at the fair value of the consideration
                     $1.6 million). Refer to the share-based payments Note 3.6.4            received by the Company. Costs relating to the issue of new
                     for further information.                                               shares have been deducted from proceeds received.

                                                                                            All shares carry equal weight in respect of voting rights, dividend
                                                                                            rights and rights on winding up of the Company and have no
                                                                                            par value.




                     3.6.2 dividends
                     Dividends paid during the year comprised:

                                                                                   2018          2018                                    2017           2017
                                                            Date declared           cps          $000                Date declared        cps           $000

                     Cash                                                         3.375        43,856                                   3.300        42,123

                     Imputation credits                                           0.980        12,735                                   0.840        10,722

                     Final dividend                            19-May-17          4.355        56,591                  13-May-16        4.140        52,845



                     Cash                                                         3.425        48,548                                   3.375        43,410

                     Imputation credits                                           0.920        11,587                                   0.940        12,090

                     Interim dividend                          17-Nov-17          4.345        60,135                  18-Nov-16        4.315        55,500



                     Cash                                                         6.800        92,404                                   6.675        85,533

                     Imputation credits                                           1.900        24,322                                   1.780        22,812

                     Total dividends                                              8.700       116,726                                   8.455       108,345
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




The Group operates a Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRP) which allows eligible shareholders to elect to reinvest dividends in shares.
The board, at its sole discretion, may suspend the DRP at any time and/or apply a discount to which shares are issued under the DRP.

On 18 May 2018, the board declared a final cash dividend for the six months ended 31 March 2018 of 3.425 cents per share
(equivalent to $48.6 million), together with imputation credits of 0.97 cents per share. The dividend record date is 6 June 2018 and
payment will occur on 21 June 2018.




3.6.3 earnings per security
Basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) are calculated by dividing the post-tax profit for the year by the weighted average number
                                                                                                                                          89
of shares outstanding during the year.

                                                                                                                 2018           2017

Basic and diluted EPS (cents)                                                                                    8.66          11.10

Profit used in the calculation of basic and diluted EPS ($000)                                               120,102        142,997

Weighted average number of shares used in the calculation of basic and diluted EPS (000)                   1,386,649      1,287,840




3.6.4 share-based payments
long-term incentive plan (LTI plan)
The Group provides an LTI plan for selected senior employees. Under the LTI plan, ordinary shares in the Company are purchased on
market by Pacific Custodians (New Zealand) Limited (the LTI Trustee). Participants purchase shares from the LTI Trustee with funds
lent to them by the Company. The number of shares that vest depends on the Company’s absolute total shareholder return as well as
its ranking relative to comparator entities in the S&P/NZX All Real Estate Index. If the individual is still employed by the Company at
the end of the vesting period and the hurdles have been achieved, the employee is provided a cash amount which must be used to
repay the loan and the relevant number of shares are then transferred to the individual.



        recognition and measurement

The fair value of the LTI plan at grant date is recognised over the
vesting period of the plan as an employee entitlements expense,
with a corresponding increase in the share-based payments

                                                                                                                                           notes
reserve. The fair value is independently measured using an
appropriate option pricing model.
                                                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                     3.6.4 share-based payments (continued)

                                                                                                                    Number of shares




annual report 2018
                                                                                          Balance
                                                                                            at the       Granted         Exercised        Forfeited     Balance at
                                                    Measurement       Share price      beginning       during the       during the       during the     the end of
                     Grant date                            date      at grant date     of the year           year             year             year       the year

                     2018
                     1 April 2017                31 March 2020            $1.383                 –      534,691                  –        (42,623)       492,068

                     1 April 2016                31 March 2019            $1.466        459,785                 –                –        (70,910)       388,875
  90                 1 April 2015                31 March 2018            $1.260        448,375                 –                –        (75,472)       372,903

                     15 December 2014            31 March 2017            $1.232        303,339                 –        (291,201)        (12,138)              –

                                                                                      1,211,499         534,691          (291,201)       (201,143)     1,253,846




kiwi property
                     2017
                     1 April 2016                31 March 2019            $1.466                 –      459,785                  –               –       459,785

                     1 April 2015                31 March 2018            $1.260        565,887                 –                –       (117,512)       448,375

                     15 December 2014            31 March 2017            $1.232        359,029                 –                –        (55,690)       303,339
notes
                                                                                        924,916         459,785                  –       (173,202)     1,211,499




                                  key estimates and assumptions: fair value measurement of LTI plan

                     The fair value of the LTI plan has been determined using a Monte Carlo simulation to model a range of future share price outcomes
                     for the Company and comparator entities in the S&P/NZX All Real Estate Index. The fair value at grant date and the measurement
                     inputs used were as follows:

                                                                                                                         31 March        31 March       31 March
                     Measurement date                                                                                        2020            2019           2018

                     Weighted average share price at grant date                                                            $1.383          $1.466         $1.260

                     Risk-free rate                                                                                          2.2%            2.1%           3.1%

                     Standard deviation of the entities in the S&P/NZX All Real Estate Index                          8.9%-14.6%       8.4%-15.2%     8.7%-21.5%

                     Correlation between Company share price and other entities
                     in the S&P/NZX All Real Estate Index                                                                    0.28             0.20           0.25

                     Estimated fair value per share                                                                        $0.508          $0.502         $0.495


                     The volatility and correlation measures were derived from                 The employee entitlements expense relating to the LTI plan
                     measuring the standard deviation and correlation of returns for           for the year ended 31 March 2018 is $190,148 (2017: $196,569)
                     listed entities in the S&P/NZX All Real Estate Index over a               with a corresponding increase in the share-based payments
                     three-year period. The risk free rate was based on government             reserve. The unamortised fair value of the remaining shares at
                     bond yields over the same period.                                         31 March 2018 is $330,508 (2017: $246,456).

                     It has been assumed that participants will remain employed with
                     the Company on the vesting date. Dividend assumptions are
                     based on projected dividend payments over the vesting period.
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                                  4. financial risk management
                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018




In the normal course of business, the Group is exposed to a                instruments are recorded at amortised cost with the exception
variety of financial risks. This section explains the Group’s              of interest rate derivatives, which are recorded at fair value
exposure to financial risks, how these risks could affect the              through profit or loss.
Group’s financial performance and how they are managed.
                                                                           risk management
The Group is exposed to the following financial risks through its          The board has overall responsibility for establishing and
use of financial instruments:                                              overseeing the Group’s risk management framework. The board
—— interest rate risk                                                      has established an audit and risk committee with responsibilities
                                                                           that include risk management, compliance and financial
—— credit risk
                                                                           management and control.
—— liquidity risk
                                                                           The Group has developed a risk management framework                       91
financial instruments                                                      which guides management and the board in the identification,
The following items in the statement of financial position are             assessment and monitoring of new and existing risks.
classified as financial instruments: cash and cash equivalents,            Management report to the audit and risk committee and
trade and other receivables, trade and other payables, interest            the board on relevant risks and the controls and treatments
bearing liabilities and interest rate derivatives. All financial           of those risks.




4.1 interest rate risk

nature of the risk                                                         exposure
Interest rate risk is the risk that fluctuations in interest rates         The Group’s exposure to interest rate risk arises primarily from
impact the Group’s financial performance or the fair value of its          bank loans which are subject to floating interest rates. The
holdings of financial instruments.                                         weighted average interest rate, term to maturity of interest
                                                                           bearing liabilities and details of the interest rate derivatives
risk management
                                                                           utilised are set out in Note 3.4.2. The fair value of interest rate
The Group adopts a policy of reducing its exposure to changes              derivatives is impacted by changes in market interest rates.
in interest rates by utilising interest rate derivatives to limit future
interest cost volatility by exchanging floating rate interest              sensitivity to interest rate movements
obligations for fixed rate interest obligations. The Group has             The following sensitivity analysis shows the effect on profit
established a treasury management group consisting of senior               or loss and equity if market interest rates at balance date had
management and external treasury advisors to review and                    been 100 basis points higher or lower with all other variables
set treasury strategy within the guidelines of its debt and                held constant.
hedging policy.




                                                                                                                                                      notes


                                          100 bps increase ($000)          100 bps decrease ($000)

             12,158                                                                                                           (12,846)

14,392                                                                                                                                    (15,418)
                                  8,754                                                                  (9,249)

                         10,362                                                                                       (11,101)



                               profit or loss (pre-tax) – 2018                  2018 – equity


                                  profit or loss (pre-tax) – 2017               2017 – equity
                                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                     4.2 credit risk

                     nature of the risk                                                           monitoring of aged debtors. Collateral is obtained where




annual report 2018
                     Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will default on its              possible. The risk from financial institutions is managed by
                     contractual obligations, resulting in financial loss to the Group.           placing cash and deposits with high credit quality financial
                     The Group incurs credit risk in the normal course of business                institutions only.
                     from trade receivables and transactions with financial institutions.         exposure
                     risk management                                                              The carrying amounts of financial assets recognised in the
                     The risk associated with trade receivables is managed with a                 statement of financial position best represent the Group’s
                     credit policy which includes performing credit evaluations on                maximum exposure to credit risk and are recognised net of any
  92                 tenants and imposing standard payment terms and the                          provision for losses on these financial instruments.




                     4.3 liquidity risk


kiwi property
                     nature of the risk                                                           sufficient liquidity to meet its obligations when they fall due under
                     Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its       both normal and stress conditions. The Group manages liquidity
                     financial obligations as they fall due.                                      by maintaining adequate committed credit facilities and spreading
                                                                                                  maturities in accordance with its Debt and Hedging Policy.
notes
                     risk management
                                                                                                  exposure
                     The Group evaluates its liquidity requirements on an ongoing basis
                     by continuously forecasting cash flows. The Group generates                  The following table analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into
                     sufficient cash flows from its operating activities to meet its              relevant maturity groupings based on the earliest contractual
                     obligations arising from its financial liabilities and has bank              maturity date at balance date. The amounts are contractual
                     facilities available to cover potential shortfalls. The Group’s              undiscounted cash flows, which includes interest through to
                     approach to managing liquidity risk is to ensure it will always have         maturity and assumes all other variables remain constant.


                                                                                                 Contractual cash flows (principal and interest)
                                                         Statement of
                                                     financial position           Total       0-6 mths      6-12 mths           1-2 yrs            2-5 yrs    > 5 yrs
                                                                 $000             $000            $000           $000            $000               $000       $000

                     2018
                     Trade and other payables                 48,316            48,316         48,316                –                –                 –          –

                     Interest bearing liabilities            913,502         1,050,527         18,577          18,577         291,548          460,277       261,548

                     Net interest rate derivatives            14,694            19,132          4,427           4,002            6,207             4,401          95

                     Net financial liabilities               976,512         1,117,975         71,320          22,579         297,755          464,678       261,643


                     2017
                     Trade and other payables                 35,649            35,649         35,649                 –               –                 –          –

                     Interest bearing liabilities         1,030,358          1,169,812         19,211          19,211         293,512          837,878             –

                     Net interest rate derivatives            15,028            16,872          4,084           3,984            6,485             3,736      (1,417)

                     Net financial liabilities            1,081,035          1,222,333         58,944          23,195         299,997          841,614        (1,417)
                                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                                                 5. other information
                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 MARCH 2018




5.1 segment information

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with               The Group’s primary assets are investment properties.
the internal reporting provided to the chief operating decision           Segment information regarding investment properties is
maker. The chief operating decision maker, who is responsible             provided in Note 3.2.
for allocating resources and assessing performance of the
                                                                          The Group operates in New Zealand only.
operating segments, is the Chief Executive.
                                                                          The following is an analysis of the Group’s profit by
Operating segments have been determined based on the
                                                                          reportable segments:
reports reviewed by the Chief Executive to assess performance,
allocate resources and make strategic decisions.
                                                                                                                                             93
                                                                                        Retail        Office          Other          Total
                                                                                        $000           $000           $000           $000

2018
Property revenue                                                                     177,831         67,018           4,414       249,263

Less: straight-lining of fixed rental increases                                          811         (2,876)            (35)       (2,100)

Less: direct property expenses                                                       (42,312)       (13,680)         (1,176)      (57,168)

Segment profit                                                                       136,330         50,462           3,203       189,995


2017
Property revenue                                                                     169,385         64,909           3,842       238,136

Less: straight-lining of fixed rental increases                                          213         (2,253)            (39)       (2,079)

Less: direct property expenses                                                       (40,605)       (13,875)         (1,119)      (55,599)

Segment profit                                                                       128,993         48,781           2,684       180,458




              2018                      segment profit
                                        retail          72%

                                                                                                                                              notes
                                        office          26%
                                        other            2%




              2017                      segment profit
                                        retail           71%
                                        office          27%
                                        other            2%
                                                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                     5.1 segment information (continued)

                     A reconciliation of the segment profit to the profit before income tax reported in the consolidated statement of comprehensive




annual report 2018
                     income is provided as follows:

                                                                                                                                   2018           2017
                                                                                                                                   $000           $000

                     Segment profit                                                                                             189,995       180,458

                       Property management income                                                                                 1,742          1,506

                       Rental income resulting from straight-lining of fixed rental increases                                     2,100          2,079
  94                   Interest and other income                                                                                    285               186

                       Litigation settlement expenses                                                                                  –          (770)

                       Net fair value gain on investment properties                                                              26,528         41,037

                       Interest and finance charges                                                                             (42,645)       (43,236)


kiwi property
                       Employment and administration expenses                                                                   (20,567)       (17,987)

                       Net fair value gain/(loss) on interest rate derivatives                                                    (2,390)        9,732

                       Loss on disposal of investment properties                                                                  (7,069)       (1,345)

notes                Profit before income tax                                                                                   147,979       171,660




                     5.2 related party transactions

                     The Group holds its 50% interest in The Base by way of an unincorporated joint venture. Kiwi Property manages the entire property
                     on behalf of the joint venture and receives management fees in accordance with the Property Management Agreement.

                     During the year, the following transactions were undertaken with the joint venture:

                                                                                                                                   2018           2017
                                                                                                                                   $000           $000

                     Property management fees                                                                                     1,252               969

                     Expenditure reimbursement                                                                                      515               597

                     Leasing fees                                                                                                   814               529

                     Development management fees                                                                                    169               114

                     Legal fees                                                                                                      68                92

                     Retail design management fees                                                                                   88                57

                     Total related party transactions                                                                             2,906          2,358
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5.3 key management personnel

                                                                                                                2018            2017
                                                                                                                $000            $000

Directors’ fees                                                                                                 704              652

Short-term employee benefits                                                                                   5,288            5,637

Other long-term benefits                                                                                           –              40

Termination benefits                                                                                               –             158

Share-based payments                                                                                              36             197
                                                                                                                                        95
Key management personnel costs                                                                                 6,028            6,684


Additional disclosures relating to key management personnel are set out in the remuneration report on page 118. Further details
regarding share-based payments can be found in Note 3.6. 4.




5.4 commitments

development and other costs
The following costs have been committed to but not recognised in the financial statements as they will be incurred in future
reporting periods:

                                                                                                                2018            2017
                                                                                                                $000            $000

Development costs at Sylvia Park                                                                            185,152            43,859

Development costs at LynnMall                                                                                  1,819                –

Development costs at The Plaza                                                                                 5,111            2,430

Development costs at North City                                                                                    –            2,609

Development costs at Northlands                                                                                8,042            2,020

Development and leasing costs at Vero Centre                                                                    261             3,775

Development costs at 44 The Terrace                                                                               45            2,192

Development and other commitments                                                                           200,430            56,885

                                                                                                                                         notes
The Base
Under the Group’s agreement to purchase 50% of The Base from The Base Limited (TBL), TBL has the right to require the Group to
purchase its remaining 50% interest, at a price determined by independent valuation, between 2018 and 2021.

Drury development land
The Group is committed to the purchase of 8.5 hectares of additional development land in Drury, South Auckland at a price to be
determined by independent market valuation.
                                                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                     5.4 commitments (continued)

                     operating leases




annual report 2018
                     The Group has commitments for lease payments under operating leases in effect at balance date but not recognised as liabilities,
                     payable as follows:

                                                                                                                                    2018           2017
                                                                                                                                    $000           $000

                     Within one year                                                                                                  54            614

                     One year or later and not later than five years                                                                    2               –
  96                 Later than five years                                                                                              –               –

                     Operating lease commitments                                                                                      56            614


                     ground leases


kiwi property
                     Ground leases exist over ASB North Wharf, The Base and certain adjoining properties. In addition, ground leases also exist over parts
                     of the land at Sylvia Park, Westgate Lifestyle, Centre Place – North, The Plaza and Northlands. The amount paid in respect of ground
                     leases during the year was $1.1 million (2017: $1.1 million). The leases terminate between November 2026 and March 3007. Due to the
                     duration of the leases and the different methods of calculating the lease payments, the total value of the overall commitment has not
                     been calculated.
notes




                     5.5 subsequent events

                     On 18 May 2018, the board declared a final dividend. For further details refer to Note 3.6.2.
                               independent auditor’s report
                                TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF KIWI PROPERT Y GROUP LIMITED




We have audited the consolidated financial statements               our opinion
which comprise:
                                                                    In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements of Kiwi         97
—— the consolidated statement of financial position as at           Property Group Limited (the Company), including its controlled
   31 March 2018;                                                   entities (the Group), present fairly, in all material respects, the
—— the consolidated statement of comprehensive income               consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2018,
   for the year then ended;                                         its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
—— the consolidated statement of changes in equity                  flows for the year then ended in accordance with New Zealand
   for the year then ended;                                         Equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ
                                                                    IFRS) and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
—— the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
   then ended; and
—— the notes to the consolidated financial statements,
   which include significant accounting policies.




basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with International             Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics
Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs NZ) and International     for Professional Accountants (IESBA Code), and we have
Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those      fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities   these requirements.
for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of
                                                                    Our firm carries out other services for the Group in the areas
our report.
                                                                    of other related assurance services comprising the audits of
We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient   special purpose financial information in accordance with
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.                 tenancy agreements, voting procedures over the annual
                                                                    shareholders’ meeting, the benchmarking of executive
We are independent of the Group in accordance with
                                                                    remuneration and review of the long-term incentive plan.
                                                                                                                                           notes
Professional and Ethical Standard 1 (Revised) Code of Ethics for
                                                                    The provision of these other services has not impaired our
Assurance Practitioners (PES 1) issued by the New Zealand
                                                                    independence as auditor of the Group.
Auditing and Assurance Standards Board and the International
                                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                               our audit approach                                                    materiality
                                                                                                     The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of
                               overview
                                                                                                     materiality.



annual report 2018
                               An audit is designed to obtain reasonable assurance whether
                               the consolidated financial statements are free from material          Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain
                                                   misstatement.                                     quantitative thresholds for materiality, including the overall
                                                                                                     Group materiality for the consolidated financial statements as a
                                                    Overall group materiality: $6.2 million.         whole as set out above. These, together with qualitative
                                      Materiality
                                                    We agreed with the Audit and Risk                considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit
                                                    Committee that we would report to them           and the nature, timing and extent of our audit procedures and to
                                Audit scope         misstatements identified during our audit        evaluate the effect of any misstatements, both individually and in
    98                                                                                               aggregate on the consolidated financial statements as a whole.
                                                    above $0.6 million as well as misstatements
                                                    below that amount that, in our view,
                                      Key audit
                                       matters      warranted reporting for qualitative reasons.

                                                    We have one key audit matter: Valuation of


kiwi property
                                                    investment properties.


                               Overall group materiality                                             $6.2 million.
                               How we determined it                                                  5% of profit before tax excluding valuation movements relating




independent auditor’s report
                                                                                                     to investment properties and interest rate derivatives.
                               Rationale for the materiality                                         We applied this benchmark because, in our view, it is reflective
                               benchmark applied                                                     of the metrics against which the performance of the Group is
                                                                                                     most commonly measured.



                               audit scope

                               We designed our audit by assessing the risks of material misstatement in the consolidated financial statements and our application of
                               materiality. As with all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls, including among other
                               matters consideration as to whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.

                               We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion on the consolidated financial
                               statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group, the accounting processes and controls, and the industry in
                               which the Group operates.

                               key audit matters

                               Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
                               financial statements of the current year. We have one key audit matter: Valuation of investment properties. The matter was addressed
                               in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
                               provide a separate opinion on the matter.
                                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




Key audit matter                                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Valuation of investment properties                                       External valuations
Refer to note 3.2 of the consolidated financial statements.              We read the valuation reports for all properties and discussed the
The Group’s investment properties comprise retail and office             reports with each of the Valuers. We confirmed that the valuation
portfolios and at $3.1 billion represent the majority of the assets as   approach for each property was in accordance with accounting
at 31 March 2018.                                                        standards and suitable for use in determining the carrying value of
                                                                         investment properties at 31 March 2018.
The valuation of the Group’s property portfolio is inherently
subjective due to, among other factors, the individual nature of         It was evident from our discussions with management and the
each property, location and the expected future rental income for        Valuers and our review of the valuation reports that close attention
each respective property.                                                had been paid to each property’s individual characteristics and its
                                                                         overall quality, geographic location and desirability as a whole.          99
The existence of significant estimation uncertainty, coupled with
the fact that only a small percentage difference in individual           We assessed the Valuers’ qualifications, expertise and their objectivity
property valuation assumptions, when aggregated, could result in         and we found no evidence to suggest that the objectivity of any
material misstatement, is why we have given specific audit focus         Valuer in their performance of the valuations was compromised.
and attention to this area.                                              We carried out procedures, on a sample basis, to test whether
The valuations were carried out by third party valuers, Colliers         property-specific information supplied to the Valuers by the
International New Zealand Limited, Jones Lang LaSalle Limited and        Group reflected the underlying property records held by the
CBRE Limited (the Valuers). The Valuers were engaged by the              Group. For the items tested, the information was consistent.
Group, and performed their work in accordance with the                   Assumptions
International Valuation Standards and the Australia and New              Our work over the assumptions focused on the largest properties
Zealand Valuation and Property Standards. The Valuers used by the        in the portfolio and those properties where the assumptions used
Group are well known firms, with experience in the markets in            and/or year-on-year fair value movement suggested a possible
which the Group operates and are rotated across the portfolio on a       outlier versus market data for the retail and office sectors. We also
three-yearly cycle.                                                      engaged our own in-house valuation specialist to critique and
In determining a property’s valuation, the Valuers take into account     challenge the work performed and assumptions used by the
property specific information such as the current tenancy                Valuers. In particular, we compared the valuation metrics used by
agreements and rental income earned by the asset. They then              the Valuers to recent market activity.
apply assumptions in relation to capitalisation rates and current        Where comparable market information was not available in New
market rent and anticipated growth, based on available market            Zealand, the Valuer has used other information and specific value
data and transactions, to arrive at a range of valuation outcomes,       drivers for the property. In challenging this approach, we
from which they derive a point estimate. Due to the unique nature        considered the comparability of the data used.
of each property, the assumptions applied take into consideration
                                                                         We concluded that the assumptions used in the valuations were
the individual property characteristics at a granular tenant by
                                                                         supportable in light of available and comparable market evidence.
tenant level, as well as the qualities of the property as a whole.
                                                                         We obtained management’s estimates of costs to complete on
Comparable market information is available in New Zealand for the
                                                                         the properties under development. We compared these estimates
Group’s properties, other than for some of the Group’s significant
                                                                         to budgets and external quantity surveyors’ reports and consider
properties by value, which are unique in New Zealand due to their
                                                                         the estimates to be reasonable based on available information.
size. The Valuers take into consideration other market information
                                                                         Overall valuation estimates
                                                                                                                                                     notes
for these properties in light of this.
The Group has adopted the assessed values determined by the              Because of the subjectivity involved in determining valuations for
Valuers.                                                                 individual properties and the existence of alternative assumptions
                                                                         and valuation methods, we determined a range of values that were
For properties that have development work ongoing at 31 March
                                                                         considered reasonable for an individual property to evaluate the
2018, the costs to complete these developments were taken into
                                                                         independent property valuations used by management. If we find
account by the Valuers.
                                                                         an error in a property valuation or determine that the valuation is
                                                                         outside the reasonable range, we would evaluate the error or
                                                                         difference against overall materiality to determine if there is a
                                                                         material misstatement in the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                         The valuations adopted by the Group were all within our acceptable
                                                                         ranges. We also considered whether or not there was bias in
                                                                         determining individual valuations and found no evidence of bias.
                                                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




                               information other than the financial statements and auditor’s report

                               The directors are responsible for the annual report. Our opinion      materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial




annual report 2018
                               on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the           statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise
                               other information included in the annual report and we do not         appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we
                               and will not express any form of assurance conclusion on the          have performed on the other information that we obtained prior
                               other information.                                                    to the date of this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a
                                                                                                     material misstatement of this other information, we are required
                               In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial
                                                                                                     to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
                               statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
                               and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is
    100


                               responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements

                               The directors are responsible, on behalf of the Company, for the      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors


kiwi property
                               preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial       are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
                               statements in accordance with NZ IFRS and IFRS, and for such          going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to
                               internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable    going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
                               the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free    unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to
                               from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.            cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.




independent auditor’s report
                               auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

                               Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about               reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
                               whether the consolidated financial statements, as a whole, are        users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
                               free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error,       statements.
                               and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
                                                                                                     A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the
                               Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a
                                                                                                     consolidated financial statements is located at the External
                               guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs NZ
                                                                                                     Reporting Board’s website at: https://www.xrb.govt.nz/
                               and ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it
                                                                                                     standards-for-assurance-practitioners/auditors-responsibilities/
                               exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
                                                                                                     audit-report-1/
                               considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could
                                                                                                     This description forms part of our auditor’s report.




                               who we report to

                               This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a        The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this
                               body. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we might             independent auditor’s report is Jonathan Skilton.
                               state those matters which we are required to state to them in an
                                                                                                     For and on behalf of:
                               auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent
                               permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to
                               anyone other than the Company and the Company’s
                               shareholders, as a body, for our audit work, for this report or for
                               the opinions we have formed.
                                                                                                     Chartered Accountants                                    Auckland
                                                                                                     18 May 2018
                                 corporate governance
               we are committed to the highest standards of corporate governance
 Our corporate governance framework draws on principles, guidelines, recommendations and requirements from a
range of sources including the NZX Listing Rules and NZX Corporate Governance Code (the NZX Code). In addition,
      the Board has approved policies and practices which aim to reflect best practice corporate governance.

              The overarching purpose of the NZX Code is to promote good corporate governance.
   The NZX Code contains eight corporate governance principles. For each principle, the NZX Code sets out good
                     practice recommendations. There are a total of 32 recommendations.

NZX Listing Rule 10.4.5(i) requires Kiwi Property (and other listed entities) to either comply with each recommendation
or explain why a recommendation was not complied with. The NZX Code also requires Kiwi Property to report on how
we complied with the recommendations set out in the NZX Code that we have adopted for the year ended 31 March 2018.


                                                                                                                                    101



                                                 NZX Code compliance
 Kiwi Property has followed the recommendations set out in the NZX Code for the year ended 31 March 2018 except, and to the
   extent, set out in the following pages. This statement is current as at 31 March 2018 and has been approved by our Board.
     The NZX Code was published on 10 May 2017 and came into effect on 1 October 2017. Accordingly, this is Kiwi Property’s
  first period of reporting against the NZX Code. While the NZX Code did not exist for part of the Company’s reporting period,
                    nevertheless reporting is required by the NZX Code for the entire 12-month reporting period.
 In prior years, Kiwi Property adopted governance principles which did not differ materially from the NZX Corporate Governance
               Best Practice Code; the predecessor to the current NZX Code. In prior years we also reported against
    the principles, guidelines and recommendations set out in the Financial Markets Authority’s (FMA) Corporate Governance
        Handbook. That handbook applied to listed and unlisted entities. In February 2018 the FMA published an updated
        handbook. The updated handbook makes clear that it does not apply to Kiwi Property and other NZX-listed entities
and instead only applies to unlisted entities. As such we no longer report against the principles, guidelines and recommendations
                                                      set out in the handbook.
     The corporate governance policies, practices and processes that Kiwi Property adopted or followed for the year ended
                         31 March 2018 are summarised or referred to in this and the following pages.




                                                          need more?

                              We provide a range of policies and disclosures on our website,
                                  kp.co.nz/about-us/corporate-governance, including:

                     Audit and Risk Committee Charter               Investment and Management Philosophy
                                Board Charter                                Market Disclosure Policy
                               Code of Ethics                                     Master Trust Deed
                                Constitution                           (in relation to our bond programme)

                     Corporate Governance Statement                      Remuneration and Nominations
                                                                             Committee Charter
                      Diversity and Equal Employment
                             Opportunity Policy                                Remuneration Policy




                                                                                                                                      governance
                               Dividend Policy                               Securities Trading Policy

                   External Auditor Independence Policy                   Sustainability and Responsible
                                                                              Investment Statement
                                                                          high ethical standards
                                                             principle 1 – Code of ethical behaviour
                                               Directors should set high standards of ethical behaviour, model this
                                               behaviour and hold management accountable for these standards
                                                           being followed throughout the organisation.




annual report 2018
                                   recommendation 1.1 – The board should document             code of ethics
                                   minimum standards of ethical behaviour to which the
                                   issuer’s directors and employees are expected to           Our Code of Ethics underpins our employment contracts and
                         adhere (a code of ethics). The code of ethics and where to find
                                                                                              our consultancy agreements. It’s so important to us that failure
                         it should be communicated to the issuer’s employees. Training
                         should be provided regularly. The standards may be contained         to comply with the Code of Ethics could result in disciplinary
                         in a single policy document or more than one policy. The code        action, including dismissal.
                         of ethics should outline internal reporting procedures for any
    102                  breach of ethics, and describe the issuer’s expectations about       Our Code of Ethics requires our directors, employees and
                         behaviour, namely that every director and employee:                  consultants to:
                         (a) acts honestly and with personal integrity in all actions;
                                                                                              —— act properly and efficiently and within the authorities and
                         (b) declares conflicts of interest and proactively advises of any       discretions delegated to them
                             potential conflicts;
                                                                                              —— avoid putting themselves in a position where they stand to

kiwi property
                         (c) undertakes proper receipt and use of corporate information,
                             assets and property;                                                benefit personally (directly or indirectly) or could be accused
                         (d) in the case of directors, gives proper attention to the             of insider trading
                             matters before them;                                             —— ensure they and the Company comply with all laws
                         (e) acts honestly and in the best interests of the issuer,              and regulations




corporate governance
                             shareholders and stakeholders and as required by law;
                                                                                              —— maintain confidentiality at all times, and
                         (f) adheres to any procedures around giving and receiving gifts
                             (for example, where gifts are given that are of value in order   —— be absolutely honest.
                             to influence employees and directors, such gifts should not
                             be accepted);                                                    The Code of Ethics and our Fraud and Corruption Policy set out
                         (g) adheres to any procedures about whistle blowing (for             our procedures for reporting and managing any breach of
                             example, where actions of a whistle blower have complied         ethics, including unethical behaviour.
                             with the issuer’s procedures, an issuer should protect and
                             support them, whether or not action is taken); and               Our people can access our Code of Ethics and all of our other
                         (h) manages breaches of the code.                                    policies via our intranet. This is communicated to our people.

                                                                                              Our people undertake regular training to help maintain high
                       Our Board is committed to maintaining high ethical standards
                                                                                              ethical standards and an ethical culture. During the year ended
                       and an ethical culture based on trust, transparency,
                                                                                              31 March 2018, this included training on bribery and corruption,
                       integrity and absolute honesty.
                                                                                              conflicts of interest and fraud. Ethics training was undertaken
                                                                                              in April 2018.
                      our values
 our behaviours are underpinned by our values




             we’re people-people
 We’re approachable and welcoming. We’re willing and able.        103
 We’re all for people. Ultimately what we build, improve and
                 protect are places for people.




                        we lead
We take a leadership stance. We’re always innovating. We set
 new benchmarks to lead the way. We’re open minded and
 available to embrace new ideas and feedback. We lead by
    example, always mindful that our investors rely on us.




  we have a passion for excellence
 We create exceptional places and experiences for investors,
 our people, tenants and customers. We’re creators of wealth
 and returns. We aim for excellence in everything we do and
              strive for continuous improvement.




               we do what’s right
 Integrity lies at our heart. We bring honesty and reciprocal
  respect to all our dealings. We’re honest and transparent.
We’ve earned the trust of our investors, tenants and customers,
        and we work hard to never take it for granted.




                                                                    governance
                       our responsible business practices                                  management, people and culture, the Chair of the Board or the
                                                                                           Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee, or to a dedicated internal
                       We are committed to transparency and fairness in dealing with       ‘fraud’ email address.
                       all of our stakeholders and ensuring adherence to applicable
                       laws and regulations.                                               Furthermore, our policy provides that no person who, in good
                                                                                           faith, reports fraudulent, corrupt or unethical behaviour shall
                       Confidential information: Under our Confidential Information        suffer harassment, retaliation or adverse employment
                       Policy, all our people have a responsibility to ensure that all     consequences. Any person who retaliates against someone
                       confidential information is properly protected and secured.         who has reported a violation in good faith will be subject to



annual report 2018
                       Conflicts of interest: The Company has in place a Conflicts of      disciplinary action which may include dismissal.
                       Interest Policy to ensure that all actual, apparent and potential
                       conflicts of interest between the Company and any of its            gifts and entertainment
                       directors, employees and contractors are identified and
                                                                                           Our Gifts and Entertainment Policy sets out the principles, process
                       managed appropriately. The Company recognises the
                                                                                           and roles and responsibilities for accepting, declining, giving,
                       importance of identifying and managing appropriately conflicts
                                                                                           seeking approval for and reporting gifts and entertainment. The
                       of interest to demonstrate its commitment to conducting its
                                                                                           objectives of this policy include providing fair, consistent and
    104                business ethically and with integrity.
                                                                                           transparent guidelines in relation to gifts and entertainment and
                       Compliance: Under our Compliance Policy, the Company is             maintaining a culture of trust, transparency, integrity and honesty.
                       committed to ensuring that it conducts its business in a lawful
                       manner while also complying with the Company’s values, Code                    recommendation 1.2 – An issuer should have a
                       of Ethics and other policies.


kiwi property
                                                                                                      financial product dealing policy which applies to
                                                                                                      employees and directors.
                       Fraud and Corruption: The Company’s Fraud and Corruption
                       Policy encourages, enables and protects our people to report
                                                                                           Our Securities Trading Policy sets out the principles and
                       fraud, corruption, unethical behaviour, auditing and accounting
                                                                                           processes to be followed in relation to trading shares and other
                       irregularities, maladministration, false expense claims and
                                                                                           securities of the Company. The policy provides that our people




corporate governance
                       substantial waste of the Company’s funds or resources.
                                                                                           must not use their knowledge of the Company or its business to
                       Knowledge of fraud, corruption, error, breach of law, compliance    engage in trading securities of the Company for their benefit or
                       failure, concealed practice or unethical behaviour, which may be    the benefit of anyone else. The policy applies to the Company’s
                       detrimental to the interests of the Company, can be reported to     directors and employees.
                       the Company’s anonymous and independent Whistle-Blower
                                                                                           Our people are required to obtain consent before trading
                       hotline. Alternatively, it can be reported to any layer of
                                                                                           Company securities.




                                                                 diverse skills and knowledge
                                                       principle 2 – Board composition and performance
                                                    To ensure an effective board, there should be a balance of
                                                 independence, skills, knowledge, experience and perspectives.


                                  recommendation 2.1 – The board of an issuer should       —— ensuring accountability to shareholders through appropriate
                                  operate under a written charter which sets out the          reporting and regulatory compliance
                                  roles and responsibilities of the board. The board
                         charter should clearly distinguish and disclose the respective    —— managing the appointment and succession of the Chief
                         roles and responsibilities of the board and management.              Executive, and reviewing the remuneration and performance
                                                                                              of the Chief Executive
                       Our Board Charter sets out the roles, responsibilities,             —— monitoring the appointment, performance and remuneration
                       composition, structure and approach of the Board. The Charter          of the direct reports to the Chief Executive, and
                       provides that the Board’s responsibilities include:
                                                                                           —— monitoring its own contribution to the Company’s
                       —— overseeing the business and affairs of the Company                  performance.
                       —— establishing, alongside the leadership team, the Company’s
                          strategic direction and financial objectives
The Board Charter also provides that responsibility for the          —— All directors are non-executive directors, who are not
implementation of strategic objectives for the Company and the          substantial shareholders.
day-to-day management of operations is delegated to the Chief        —— All directors are free of any business or other relationship
Executive. The Chief Executive may delegate functions and               that would materially interfere with, or could reasonably
authorities to others.                                                  be seen to materially interfere with, the independent
Specific delegations of authority to the Chief Executive                exercise of their judgement.
and others are set out in the Company’s Delegated                    —— No directors have been employed or retained to provide
Authorities schedule.                                                   material professional services by the Company within the
                                                                        previous three years.
          recommendation 2.2 – Every issuer should have a            —— No director is a director, partner or senior executive or
          procedure for the nomination and appointment                  material shareholder of a firm which provides professional
          of directors to the board.                                    services to the Company.
                                                                     —— No director is a material supplier to the Company or has any
selection and appointment                                               other material contractual relationship with the Company
                                                                        other than as a director of the Company.
The Remuneration and Nominations Committee assists the                                                                                      105
                                                                     —— No director controls, or is an executive or other representative
Board with identifying potential candidates for appointment as
                                                                        of an entity, which controls 5% or more of the Company’s
directors of the Company. The Remuneration and Nominations
                                                                        voting securities.
Committee Charter outlines the process to be followed by the
Committee in identifying and recommending potential
candidates for appointment.                                                     recommendation 2.3 – An issuer should enter into
                                                                                written agreements with each newly appointed
Shareholders are notified each year by a NZX notice of their right              director establishing the terms of their appointment.
to nominate a candidate for election as a director at that year’s
annual meeting of the Company. The notice is also published          The Company has a written agreement with each director
on the Company’s website.                                            setting out the terms and conditions of their appointment.
All directors are elected by shareholders or appointed by the
Board. Pursuant to the Company’s Constitution, any director                     recommendation 2.4 – Every issuer should disclose
appointed by the Board retires at the next annual meeting of the                information about each director in its annual report or
Company but is then eligible for election by shareholders.                      on its website, including a profile of experience, length
                                                                                of service, independence and ownership interests.
Independent search firms may be retained to identify suitable
candidates for directorships.
                                                                     Our Board is structured in such a way that, as a group, it has the
The number of directors is determined in accordance with             skills, knowledge, experience and diversity to meet and
the Company’s Constitution. The Constitution provides                discharge its roles and responsibilities.
that the minimum number of directors is three and the
maximum is eight.                                                    The Board currently comprises the following directors, each with
                                                                     their own specialist skill sets, including but not limited to:
The Company’s Constitution also provides that the minimum
number of independent directors (as defined in the NZX Listing       Mark Ford (Chair) – extensive property industry experience.
Rules) shall be two except where there are eight directors then      Mary Jane Daly – a strong background in banking, finance
the minimum shall be three independent directors or one third        and insurance.
of the total number, whichever is greater.
                                                                     Richard Didsbury – a career in business and property.
retirement and rotation                                              Jane Freeman – extensive experience in retail and
                                                                     customer-driven technology.
In each year, one third of directors must retire from office and
may offer themselves for re-election at the annual meeting of        Mark Powell – extensive experience in retail and strategy setting
shareholders. Directors to retire are those who have been            and execution.
longest in office since they were last elected or deemed elected.
                                                                     Mike Steur – more than 30 years of property experience.
independence


                                                                                                                                              governance
                                                                     During the year ended 31 March 2018, Joanna Perry ceased to be
                                                                     a director with effect from 30 September 2017 and Mark Powell
Independence is determined in accordance with the
                                                                     was appointed as a director with effect from 1 October 2017.
requirements of the NZX Listing Rules. The Board has
determined that, as at 31 March 2018, all directors were             As at 31 March 2018, no director owned any of the Company’s
independent. This assessment is based on the fact that:              shares or other financial products.
                       Further information on each of our directors can be found                —— improve employee engagement and productivity by
                       on page 36 of this report and on the Company’s website,                     harnessing each individual’s uniqueness, and
                       kp.co.nz/about-us/our-people                                             —— achieve a competitive advantage by improving our reputation
                                                                                                   and optimising Company performance.
                                  recommendation 2.5 – An issuer should have a written
                                  diversity policy which includes requirements for the          Our DEEO Policy requires the Company to, every year:
                                  board or a relevant committee of the board to set
                         measurable objectives for achieving diversity (which, at a             —— set measurable objectives for achieving increased diversity
                         minimum, should address gender diversity) and to assess                   and ensuring equal employment opportunities within the



annual report 2018
                         annually both the objectives and the entity’s progress in                 Company (the DEEO Policy stipulates that such objectives
                         achieving them. The issuer should disclose the policy or a                will, at a minimum, address gender diversity), and
                         summary of it.
                                                                                                —— assess its current diversity objectives and its progress in
                       We value and support diversity in all forms, be it gender,                  achieving those objectives.
                       ethnicity, sexual orientation, age, physical abilities, family status,   Prior to the NZX Code coming into force, our DEEO Policy
                       religious beliefs or other ideologies.                                   required diversity objectives to be set and assessed every two
                                                                                                years and, did not expressly state that such objectives should, at
    106                The Company targets a diverse workforce that reflects the
                                                                                                a minimum, address gender diversity. More balanced gender
                       individuals and communities that make up New Zealand.
                                                                                                diversity was already a key focus of the Company’s diversity
                       Our Diversity and Equal Employment Opportunity Policy (DEEO)             efforts, and the Company was satisfied that review and
                       recognises that diversity and equal employment opportunities             assessment of its gender diversity objectives every two years
                       help us to:                                                              ensured sufficiently regular focus on this important issue.


kiwi property
                       —— attract, retain and provide development opportunities to              To align with recommendation 2.5 of the NZX Code, the Company
                          employees from a wide range of backgrounds which in turn              updated its DEEO Policy with effect from 8 September 2017 to
                          broadens the Company’s perspective, thinking and decision             provide for annual consideration and assessment of its diversity
                          making as well as our innovative capability                           objectives and to stipulate that such objectives must, at a




corporate governance
                       —— connect with, reflect and understand the communities and              minimum, address gender diversity.
                          markets in which we operate, allowing us to better meet the           The Board has evaluated the performance of the Company
                          needs of our tenants and customers                                    against the DEEO Policy and considers that the Company has
                                                                                                complied with the policy.

                       diversity objectives

                       The current objectives are:


                       the Board                     In compiling a short-list of potential candidates, at least one female director candidate and one
                                                     director candidate from the ethnic groups of either Māori, Asian or Pacific Peoples will be included,
                                                     wherever possible.


                       leadership team               The short-list identifying potential candidates for a leadership team position will include at least one
                                                     female candidate and one candidate from the ethnic groups of either Māori, Asian or Pacific Peoples,
                                                     wherever possible.


                       all other roles               The hiring manager commits to ensuring an awareness of gender and ethnic diversity via their recruitment
                                                     and selection practices, and include one candidate from the ethnic groups of either Māori, Asian, or Pacific
                                                     Peoples, wherever possible.


                       diversity and                 The Company commits to providing ongoing learning and development initiatives to continue to grow our
                       inclusion learning            people’s understanding of diversity and the benefits arising from a culture that supports and promotes a
                       and development               diverse and inclusive workforce and leadership team.


                       pay equity                    The Company commits to undertaking an annual pay equity review to assess the impact of gender
                                                     on the pay and participation of women in the workforce and to ensure unconscious bias does not
                                                     impact remuneration decisions.
gender diversity
The following table provides a breakdown of the gender composition of the directors and officers of the Company, the Company’s
leadership team together with all employees as at the current and prior balance dates:



                                                                 2018                                                                2017

                                               number                        proportion %                         number                           proportion %

                                       female            male           female            male            female            male              female          male

directors                                 2                4               33               67                3                3                  50           50

officers 1
                                          1                4               20               80                0                6                   0           100

leadership team1,2,3                      3                9               25               75                2               10                  17           83

all employees                            126              47               73               27              113               54                  68            32

                                                                                                                                                                     107



                                            2018                                                                     2017
           2018                                                                       2017
                                            male                                                                     male
     female employees                                                           female employees
                                          employees                                                                employees
             73%                              27%                                    68%                             32%




ethnic diversity
Our ethnic diversity at the current and prior balance dates was as follows:


                                                                                 2018                                                     2017

European                                                                         75%                                                         77%

Māori                                                                            10%                                                         9%

Asian                                                                             9%                                                         8%

Middle Eastern, Latin American, African                                           5%                                                         5%

Pacific Peoples                                                                   5%                                                         4%

not disclosed                                                                     5%                                                         6%


The statistics add to greater than 100% as some employees identify with more than one ethnic group.




                                                                                                                                                                       governance
1. At 31 March 2018, the role of GM Retail was vacant so accordingly excluded from these statistics. Linda Trainer was appointed to this role on 6 April 2018 and
   commenced with Kiwi Property on 23 April 2018. Post the appointment of Linda, the officers of the Company comprise two females and four males
   (33% female, 67% male).
2. On 23 April 2018, the role of Manager Shopping Centres was elevated to a leadership team position. This role is held by Shelley Jenkin.
3. Post the appointment of Linda and the inclusion of Shelley, the leadership team comprises five females and nine males (36% female, 64% male).
                                  recommendation 2.6 – Directors should undertake          would be appropriate). The last Board performance assessment
                                  appropriate training to remain current on how to best    was completed in the year ended 31 March 2017 and was
                                  perform their duties as directors of an issuer.
                                                                                           facilitated by an independent consultant.

                       Our Board Charter requires our directors to undertake regular       In response to the NZX Code, we have developed and
                       training to educate and update themselves on how to                 subsequently adopted on 15 February 2018 a formal procedure
                       appropriately and effectively perform their duties as directors.    setting out the basis on which director, Board and committee
                                                                                           performance would be regularly assessed. The procedure
                       New directors take part in a comprehensive Company                  provides that a formal performance review (facilitated by an



annual report 2018
                       induction programme.                                                independent party) will be carried out in respect of the Board,
                       During the year ended 31 March 2018, our directors undertook        each standing committee and each director at least once every
                       training and attended workshops regarding the Company’s             three years, whilst informal performance reviews of the Board,
                       operations including in relation to strategy, risk management,      each standing committee and each director will be carried out
                       insurance and the Company’s new takeover response manual.           annually except in any year in which a formal performance
                                                                                           review is undertaken.

                                  recommendation 2.7 – The board should have a
    108                           procedure to regularly assess director, board and                   recommendation 2.8 – The Chair and the CEO
                                  committee performance.                                              should be different people.


                       Prior to the NZX Code coming into force, we did not have a          The Chief Executive is not a director of the Company.
                       formal procedure in place setting out the basis on which
                                                                                           In recognition of the importance of independent views and


kiwi property
                       director, Board and committee performance would be regularly
                                                                                           the Board’s role in supervising management, the Company’s
                       assessed. We did not consider it necessary to have such a
                                                                                           Board Charter prohibits the Chair from also holding the
                       procedure in place, as the Company’s existing policy was to
                                                                                           position of Chief Executive.
                       conduct regular reviews of the performance of individual
                       directors and the Board (with the assistance of an external




corporate governance
                       facilitator, where the Board considered that such external input




                                                                effective delegation of duties
                                                                 principle 3 – Board committees
                                                  The board should use committees where this will enhance its
                                               effectiveness in key areas, while still retaining board responsibility.
                                                      To assist in the execution of its duties and consider complex issues, our
                                                    Board has two standing committees. On behalf of the Board and, subject to
                                                     the terms of each committee’s charter, these committees review matters
                                                               and make recommendations to the Board for decision.



                                  recommendation 3.1 – An issuer’s audit committee         The Audit and Risk Committee (ARC) has a written charter
                                  should operate under a written charter. Membership       approved by the Board which is reviewed every two years.
                                  on the audit committee should be majority
                         independent and comprise solely of non-executive directors of     The principal purpose of the ARC is to assist the Board to
                         the issuer. The chair of the audit committee should not also be   exercise due care, diligence and skill in relation to:
                         the chair of the board.
                                                                                           —— the integrity of external financial reporting
                                                                                           —— the appointment and performance of external and
                                  recommendation 3.2 – Employees should only                  internal auditors
                                  attend audit committee meetings at the invitation
                                  of the audit committee.                                  —— financial management and internal control systems
                                                                                           —— accounting policy and practice
—— the risk management framework and the monitoring of                —— discharging the Board’s responsibilities around setting and
   compliance within that framework                                      reviewing the remuneration of directors, the Chief Executive
—— compliance with applicable laws, regulations, standards,              and direct reports to the Chief Executive
   codes of practice and the NZX Listing Rules, and                   —— planning our Board’s composition, including succession
—— related party transactions.                                           planning to ensure that there is an appropriate mix of skills,
                                                                         experience, expertise and diversity
The Chair and membership of the ARC is determined by the              —— evaluating the competencies required of prospective
Board. The ARC must have a minimum of three directors, with a            directors (both executive and non-executive), including
majority comprising independent directors. The ARC must also             requirements of the NZX Listing Rules, and
be comprised solely of non-executive directors. The ARC Chair
                                                                      —— identifying prospective directors and establishing their
cannot also be Chair of the Board.
                                                                         degree of independence.
At least one member must have an accounting or financial
background, and all other members should be financially literate      The Chair and membership of the RNC is determined by the
and have an understanding of risk management activities, given        Board. The RNC must have a minimum of three directors, with
the specialised functions of the ARC.                                 a majority comprising independent directors. The RNC Chair
                                                                      must be an independent director and cannot also be Chair            109
The current members of the ARC are Mary Jane Daly (Chair),
                                                                      of the Board.
Mark Ford, Mark Powell and Mike Steur. All members are
non-executive directors and the Chair of the ARC is an                RNC members are expected to have an appropriate level of
independent director and not the Chair of the Board.                  knowledge and understanding of remuneration practice, as well
                                                                      as legal and regulatory requirements relating to remuneration.
At the invitation of the ARC, management and other employees
may attend an ARC meeting.                                            The current members of the RNC are Jane Freeman (Chair),
                                                                      Richard Didsbury, Mark Ford, and Mike Steur. All members are
                                                                      non-executive directors and the Chair of the RNC is an
           recommendation 3.3 – An issuer should have a
           remuneration committee which operates under a              independent director and is not the Chair of the Board.
           written charter (unless this is carried out by the whole
  board). At least a majority of the remuneration committee
                                                                      At the invitation of the RNC, management and other employees
  should be independent directors. Management should only             may attend a RNC meeting.
  attend remuneration committee meetings at the invitation of
  the remuneration committee.
                                                                                 recommendation 3.5 – An issuer should consider
                                                                                 whether it is appropriate to have any other board
                                                                                 committees as standing board committees. All
           recommendation 3.4 – An issuer should establish a            committees should operate under written charters. An issuer
           nomination committee to recommend director                   should identify the members of each of its committees, and
           appointments to the board (unless this is carried out        periodically report member attendance.
  by the whole board), which should operate under a written
  charter. At least a majority of the nomination committee should
  be independent directors.                                           temporary committee: due diligence committee
                                                                      number 1
The Remuneration and Nominations Committee (RNC) has
a written charter approved by the Board which is reviewed             During the 2018 financial year, a committee was established to
every two years.                                                      coordinate and oversee the due diligence in respect of the
                                                                      Company’s 1 for 11 entitlement offer of ordinary shares dated
The principal purpose of the RNC is to assist the Board with          19 June 2017. This committee operated under terms of
appropriate remuneration policies and practices. It also assists      reference, not a written charter, which were set out in a due
with planning Board composition and ensuring there is an              diligence planning memorandum.
appropriate mix of skills, experience, expertise and diversity.
Specifically, this committee assists with, amongst other things:      The directors who were members of this committee were
                                                                      Mary Jane Daly (Chair), Mark Ford and Mike Steur.
—— the establishment of remuneration policies and practices
   to ensure the Company continues to attract and retain top
   talent at all levels




                                                                                                                                            governance
                       temporary committee: due diligence committee                                 under terms of reference, not a written charter, which were set
                       number 2                                                                     out in a due diligence planning memorandum.

                       During the 2018 financial year, a committee was established to               The directors who were members of this committee were
                       coordinate and oversee the due diligence in respect of the                   Mary Jane Daly (Chair) and Mike Steur.
                       Company’s offer of $125 million of fixed-rate senior secured
                       bonds issued on 19 December 2017. This committee operated

                       board and committee meeting attendance


annual report 2018
                       The table below sets out the attendance details for each Board and committee meeting held during the year.



                                                                                                    remuneration and
                                                                                audit and risk        nominations            due diligence         due diligence
                       committee                           board                 committee             committee             committee 1           committee 2
    110                number of meetings                     7                        4                    5                      6                     5

                       Mary Jane Daly                         7                        4                   n/a                     6                     5

                       Richard Didsbury                       6                       n/a                   4                     n/a                   n/a

                       Mark Ford                              7                        4                    5                      5                    n/a


kiwi property
                       Jane Freeman                           6                       n/a                   5                     n/a                   n/a

                       Joanna Perry      1
                                                              4                        2                   n/a                    n/a                   n/a

                       Mark Powell   2
                                                              3                        2                   n/a                    n/a                   n/a




corporate governance
                       Mike Steur                             7                         4                    5                     5                      5




                                   recommendation 3.6 – The board should establish                  On 8 September 2017, the Board formally adopted a Takeover
                                   appropriate protocols that set out the procedure to be           Response Manual. The Manual details the steps to be followed
                                   followed if there is a takeover offer for the issuer including
                                                                                                    to prepare and implement a response to a takeover offer, as
                         any communication between insiders and the bidder. It should
                         disclose the scope of independent advisory reports to shareholders.        well as matters to consider including communications with
                         These protocols should include the option of establishing an               shareholders and other stakeholders, amongst other things.
                         independent takeover committee, and the likely composition and             The Manual also includes the option for the Board to establish
                         implementation of an independent takeover committee.                       a takeover committee.




                                                                                 reporting integrity
                                                              principle 4 – Reporting and disclosure
                                                 The board should demand integrity in financial and non-financial
                                               reporting, and in the timeliness and balance of corporate disclosures.


                                recommendation 4.1 – An issuer’s board should have                  Our Market Disclosure Policy sets out the responsibilities,
                                a written continuous disclosure policy.                             processes and guidance that reflect this commitment.

                       The Company is committed to providing immediately and                        A management Disclosure Committee has been established to
                       equally to all investors fair and full disclosure of material                help the Company meet its continuous disclosure obligations.
                       information in accordance with the NZX Listing Rules.                        The Committee comprises the Chief Executive, the Chief
                                                                                                    Operating Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the General
                                                                                                    Counsel and Company Secretary.
All directors and employees are responsible for reporting                           The Audit and Risk Committee helps to ensure our financial
immediately to any member of the Disclosure Committee any                           reporting is balanced, clear and objective. This includes,
information that they consider to be or likely to be material                       amongst other things:
information. In addition, the Board will consider at each Board
                                                                                    —— reviewing and reporting to our Board on annual and interim
meeting whether there is any information, arising from matters
                                                                                       financial statements, related stock exchange announcements
discussed at the meeting or otherwise, that may require
                                                                                       and all other financial information published or released to
disclosure in accordance with the Market Disclosure Policy.
                                                                                       the market, and
                                                                                    —— assisting our Board to review the effectiveness of the internal
           recommendation 4.2 – An issuer should make
           its code of ethics, board and committee charters
                                                                                       control environment, including the effectiveness and
           and the policies recommended in the NZX Code,                               efficiency of operations, reliability of financial reporting and
  together with any other key governance documents,                                    compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
  available on its website.
                                                                                    Management accountability for the integrity of the Company’s
As noted on page 101, all of the Company’s key corporate                            financial reporting is reinforced by the certification from the
governance documents are available on the Company’s website                         Chief Executive, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial
(including its Code of Ethics, Board Charter, Audit and Risk                        Officer in writing that, to the best of their knowledge:              111
Committee Charter, Remuneration and Nominations Committee
                                                                                    —— the Company’s financial statements present a true and fair
Charter and all other documents which the NZX Code
                                                                                       view in all material respects
recommends should be made available on our website).
                                                                                    —— accounting policies have been appropriately applied, and
Following the NZX Code coming into effect, the Company’s
                                                                                    —— they have assessed the security controls over the financial
Remuneration Policy and Diversity and Equal Employment
                                                                                       information and are satisfied that procedures in place are
Opportunity Policy were both made available on the Company’s
                                                                                       adequate to ensure the integrity of the information provided.
website in February 2018. Prior to the NZX Code coming into
effect, there was no requirement or general expectation that                        This certification was provided for the financial statements
either of those policies would be publicly disclosed, and the                       contained in this annual report.
Company had considered it unnecessary to make those
policies publicly available. The Company considered that                            The Board receives regular reports on the financial and
appropriate remuneration and diversity disclosures were                             non-financial performance of the Company including health and
made in its annual reports.                                                         safety, major projects, capital and treasury management, risk
                                                                                    and compliance management, people and culture, as well as
                                                                                    reports from the external and internal auditors.
           recommendation 4.3 – Financial reporting should be
           balanced, clear and objective. An issuer should                          We provide non-financial disclosure at least annually through
           provide non-financial disclosure at least annually,                      various channels, including via our annual report and the suite
  including considering material exposure to environmental,
                                                                                    of documents released alongside it. Disclosure of our key
  economic and social sustainability risks and other key risks.
  It should explain how it plans to manage those risks and how                      financial risks and management of those risks can be found on
  operational or non-financial targets are measured.                                pages 91 and 92. Pages 53 and 112-115 summarise our material
                                                                                    environmental, social and governance risks, amongst others,
We are committed to ensuring that our financial reporting is                        together with our approach to managing them.
balanced, clear and objective.
                                                                                    Details of how we measure various operational and non-financial
                                                                                    targets are also detailed in our Sustainability Report. This report
                                                                                    is available on our website kp.co.nz/sustainability.




1. Joanna Perry attended all Board and Audit and Risk Committee meetings that occurred prior to her retirement which was effective
                                                                                                                                                            governance
   30 September 2017.
2. Mark Powell attended all Board and Audit and Risk Committee meetings that occurred following his appointment on 1 October 2017.
                                                                      transparent remuneration
                                                                       principle 5 – Remuneration
                                                               The remuneration of directors and executives
                                                                should be transparent, fair and reasonable.




annual report 2018
                                  recommendation 5.1 – An issuer should recommend              These pages also provide details of the:
                                  director remuneration to shareholders for approval
                                  in a transparent manner. Actual director remuneration        —— relative weightings of remuneration components and
                                  should be clearly disclosed in the issuer’s annual report.      relevant performance criteria for the directors and officers
                                                                                                  of the Company, and
                       At the 2017 annual meeting of Kiwi Property, shareholders               —— numbers of employees and former employees who
                       approved a $17,500 (+2.4%) increase in the directors’ fee pool             received remuneration and other benefits above
                       from $720,000 to $737,500 per annum,                                       $100,000 per annum.
    112                plus GST (if any).

                       Disclosure of how the Board has allocated the directors’ fee
                                                                                                          recommendation 5.3 – An issuer should disclose
                       pool and the remuneration paid to directors during the year                        the remuneration arrangements in place for the CEO in
                       ended 31 March 2018 can be found in the remuneration report                        its annual report. This should include disclosure of the
                       commencing on page 118.                                                            base salary, short term incentives and long term



kiwi property
                                                                                                 incentives and the performance criteria used to determine
                                                                                                 performance based payments.
                                 recommendation 5.2 – An issuer should have a
                                 remuneration policy for remuneration of
                                                                                               Detailed disclosure of the remuneration arrangements in
                                 directors and officers, which outlines the relative
                         weightings of remuneration components and relevant                    place for the Chief Executive (including disclosure of the




corporate governance
                         performance criteria.                                                 Chief Executive’s base salary, short-term incentives and
                                                                                               long-term incentives and the performance criteria used to
                       Our Remuneration Policy sets out the various remuneration               determine performance based payments) can be found in
                       components for directors, officers and other employees.                 the remuneration report.

                       Further information about our remuneration strategy and
                       policies is set out in the remuneration report.




                                                                        sound risk management
                                                                  principle 6 – Risk management
                                                    Directors should have a sound understanding of the key risks
                                                     faced by the business, and should regularly verify there are
                                                        appropriate processes to identify and manage these.


                                  recommendation 6.1 – An issuer should have a risk            risk management framework
                                  management framework for its business and the
                                  issuer’s board should receive and review regular             We are committed to managing effectively the risks we face
                                  reports. A framework should also be put in place to
                                                                                               in achieving our objectives. We believe risk management is a
                         manage any existing risks and to report the material risks facing
                         the business and how these are being managed.                         critical business discipline that helps us achieve our objectives
                                                                                               by reducing uncertainty, increasing the likelihood of achieving
                                                                                               our objectives, minimising losses, and providing greater
                                                                                               freedom to plan and use resources for innovation and
                                                                                               managed risk taking.
We have adopted as our risk management framework the                     As at 31 March 2018, our key risks included, among others:
New Zealand and Australian Risk Management Standard
                                                                         —— breach of operating and working protocols resulting in death
(AS/NZS ISO 31000:2009). The framework provides risk
                                                                            or serious harm
management principles which we have also adopted.
                                                                         —— failure to recognise and respond to competitive dynamics
Our Risk Management Policy includes our risk management
                                                                         —— lack of capacity of our people and adverse organisational
principles. The key objectives of this policy are to ensure:
                                                                            culture (ability to attract, retain and develop our people)
—— we manage effectively the risks we face in achieving our              —— non-compliance with legal (including regulatory) or
   objectives, and                                                          financial obligations
—— our people are aware of and meet their responsibilities to            —— inability of information systems to adequately protect critical
   identify, evaluate and treat the risks that may prevent or               data and infrastructure from theft, corruption, unauthorised
   restrict us from achieving our objectives.                               usage, viruses or sabotage, and

In addition to our risk management framework and policy, we              —— failure to manage and deliver projects in line with business
have also adopted a risk management strategy. Our strategy is               cases – on time, to specification and on budget.
designed to increase our risk management performance and our
                                                                         Further information in respect of our financial risks is contained       113
risk management maturity. Our strategy includes initiatives in
                                                                         in pages 91 and 92.
relation to seven areas of risk management: governance, culture,
assessment and measurement, management and monitoring,                   During the 2018 financial year, our risk assessment process
reporting and insights, data and technology and                          comprised consideration of new and existing risks to achieving
risk appetite.                                                           our objectives. This included identification and assessment of
                                                                         each risk’s impact, likelihood and overall rating, allocating the risk
Our Board is ultimately responsible for ensuring that the
                                                                         to one or more owners and specifying how we manage that risk.
Company manages effectively the risks we face in achieving our
                                                                         This process was undertaken on a regular basis at the time each
objectives. The Audit and Risk Committee assists the Board in
                                                                         risk management report was prepared. The results of this
this respect by overseeing our risk management framework,
                                                                         process were included in each risk management report. The
policy and strategy.
                                                                         Board and the Audit and Risk Committee reviewed the reports
In 2018 our Board attended a risk workshop with management.              and provided feedback and guidance to management in respect
At this workshop the Board provided feedback and guidance to             of the results of the risk assessment process. Our risk register
management in relation to the risk management strategy                   was then updated to include any new risks or changes to the
initiatives for the year ended 31 March 2018.                            assessment of any existing risks.

Our Board and Audit and Risk Committee receive from                      Kiwi Property therefore confirms that it has carried out a robust
management regular risk management reports. These                        risk assessment process for the 2018 financial year.
reports include:

—— a summary of our risk register                                                   recommendation 6.2 – An issuer should disclose
                                                                                    how it manages its health and safety risks and should
—— assessments of any new risks or re-assessments of existing                       report on their health and safety risks, performance
   risks, and                                                                       and management.
—— details of our key risks, including the expected trend for each
   key risk until the next reporting period.
                                                                         health and safety management
risk register and key risks                                              People save people. We take this to heart, which is why we
                                                                         regard health and safety as everyone’s concern. We look to
Our risk register contains all of the risks that we have identified as
                                                                         advance our health and safety practices through active
being a risk to us achieving our objectives. Each risk on our risk
                                                                         participation by our people, striving to deliver healthy and
register:
                                                                         injury-free places of work. This is our health and safety vision.
—— is classified into one of four groups: strategic, operations,
                                                                         governance
   financial and compliance
                                                                         Our Board recognises that effective governance of health and
—— includes an assessment of that risk’s impact to the business,
                                                                         safety is essential for our continued success and the wellbeing
   likelihood of occurrence and its overall rating



                                                                                                                                                    governance
                                                                         of our people. Our Health and Safety Charter sets out our
—— has a risk owner, and                                                 Board’s commitment, responsibilities and approach to health
—— has details of how we manage that risk.
                       and safety governance. Our Board has determined that health        Our people who are site safety managers support the work
                       and safety shall be governed by the Board as a whole, as           undertaken by our Health and Safety Committee. Our site safety
                       opposed to a committee of the Board.                               managers assist in reviewing and updating regularly the health
                                                                                          and safety risks for their sites, provide health and safety
                       Our commitment to healthy and injury-free places of work is
                                                                                          information to our people, undertake investigations of health and
                       reflected in our Health and Safety Policy. The objectives of our
                                                                                          safety incidents and notify WorkSafe of any notifiable events,
                       policy are:
                                                                                          amongst other things.
                       —— the prevention of work related injuries or illnesses, and
                                                                                          In addition, our Health and Safety Systems Co-ordinator helps to



annual report 2018
                       —— the promotion of safe work practices.                           manage and oversee our health and safety systems.

                       Our Health and Safety Charter and Policy are supported             assurance
                       by our Health and Safety Manual. Our Manual sets out the           Assurance in respect of our health and safety management is
                       roles and responsibilities for our management of health and        provided through regular health and safety site audits. These
                       safety as well as our standard processes, procedures and           involve a physical site inspection and a review of health and
                       documents including our health and safety training and             safety documentation and practice at that site.
                       qualification requirements.
    114                                                                                   In addition, assurance has also been provided through the ACC
                       Health and safety is a formal agenda item for all regular Board    Workplace Safety Management Practices (WSMP) audit. The
                       meetings. At these meetings, our Board receives from               ACC audit standards have 10 elements and each element
                       management health and safety reports. These reports contain        comprises a number of requirements that need to be met.
                       health and safety performance information which include a          These requirements are assessed according to one of three


kiwi property
                       summary of serious incidents, serious harm incidents and           performance levels: primary, secondary and tertiary.
                       non-serious incidents that occurred during the period,
                       comparisons against the prior period and the results of our        Our most recent ACC WSMP audit was undertaken on
                       health and safety audits. These reports also include updates       27 September 2016. We achieved a tertiary performance level
                       on our health and safety assurance and enhancement activities.     in respect of a number of audit elements including commitment
                                                                                          to safety management practices, planning, review, and




corporate governance
                       Our Board also receives health and safety training and             evaluation and protection of our people from on-site work.
                       undertakes site visits to see our health and safety management     Overall our performance level was assessed at secondary.
                       in practice.                                                       This level recognises that we have adopted and demonstrated
                       Health and safety leadership is provided by our Health and         good standards of workplace health and safety practice.
                       Safety Leadership Committee. The committee’s work includes         We have not subsequently undertaken a WSMP audit because
                       considering the effectiveness of our health and safety             ACC discontinued the scheme on 1 April 2017. However, in
                       documentation and practice as well as reviewing incident           2017 we arranged an independent health and safety audit of our
                       reports and the action taken in response to those incidents.       documentation and practices. The results of the audit
                       The committee members include, amongst others, the                 confirmed that we continued to adopt and demonstrate
                       Chief Executive, Chief Operating Officer, GM Commercial,           good standards of workplace health and safety practice.
                       GM Development, GM Retail, General Counsel and Company
                       Secretary, Head of People and Culture, and National Facilities     health and safety risks
                       Manager. During the 2018 financial year, the committee
                                                                                          Our health and safety risks are assessed using the same risk
                       met five times.
                                                                                          assessment methodology that we use to assess all other risks.
                       The engagement of our people with health and safety is             Health and safety risks are identified for each site and each risk is
                       supported by our Health and Safety Committee. The                  then assessed in terms of its impact, likelihood, its overall rating
                       committee’s work includes providing a forum for our people,        and how we will manage that risk. This information is recorded in
                       through our Health and Safety Representatives, to participate      a health and safety risk register for each site.
                       in improving health and safety at our places of work. The
                                                                                          As at 31 March 2018, our key health and safety risks included:
                       committee members include the Head of People and Culture,
                       Health and Safety Representatives, Health and Safety Systems       —— working at heights – such as a fall from the roof of a building
                       Co-ordinator and Facilities Portfolio Manager. During the 2018     —— hazardous substances – such as an injury or illness from
                       financial year, the committee met six times.                          being exposed to a hazardous substance, and
                                                                                          —— electricity – such as an electric shock from electrical
                                                                                             equipment.
health and safety performance

We believe our commitment to health and safety and the engagement and participation of our employees to improve health and
safety is reflected in the health and safety performance in respect of our employees.


                                                                     2018                                             2017
deaths                                                                   –                                              –
occupational diseases                                                    –                                              –
medical treatment injuries                                               4                                              4
first aid injuries                                                       12                                            20
all injuries                                                             16                                            24
workforce injury rate     1
                                                                         9%                                           14%


1. All injuries / total number of employees.                                                                                                       115




                                               audit quality and independence
                                             principle 7 – Auditors
               The board should ensure the quality and independence of the external audit process.


             recommendation 7.1 – The board should establish a                —— review and assess the performance of the external and
             framework for the issuer’s relationship with its external           internal auditors.
             auditors. This should include procedures: (a) for
             sustaining communication with the issuer’s external
                                                                              The ARC is required by our External Auditor Independence
   auditors; (b) to ensure that the ability of the external auditors
   to carry out their statutory audit role is not impaired, or could          Policy to only recommend to the Board a firm to be appointed
   reasonably be perceived to be impaired; (c) to address what,               as external auditor if that firm:
   if any, services (whether by type or level) other than their
   statutory audit roles may be provided by the auditors to the               —— would be regarded by a reasonable investor, with full
   issuer; and (d) to provide for the monitoring and approval by the             knowledge of all relevant facts and circumstances, as capable
   issuer’s audit committee of any service provided by the external              of exercising objective and impartial judgement on all issues
   auditors to the issuer other than in their statutory audit role.
                                                                                 within their engagement, and
                                                                              —— does not allow the direct compensation of its audit partners
The Audit and Risk Committee (ARC) assists the Board with
                                                                                 to be linked to fees for non-audit services to the Company.
ensuring the quality and independence of the external and
internal audit processes.                                                     The External Auditor Independence Policy also requires the ARC
The ARC Charter and the External Auditor Independence Policy                  to pre-approve the nature of audit and non-audit related services
provide the framework for our relationship with our external and              that are to be provided by our external auditor. The following
internal auditors.                                                            guidelines ensure that any related services will not conflict with
                                                                              the independent role of the external auditor:
The ARC Charter requires the Committee to, amongst
other things:                                                                 —— The external auditor may not have any involvement in
                                                                                 the production of financial information or preparation of
—— review and recommend to the Board the appointment,                            financial statements that might be perceived as auditing
   replacement and fees of the external and internal auditors                    their own work.
—— confirm and ensure the independence of the external                        —— The external auditor may not perform any function



                                                                                                                                                     governance
   auditors in accordance with our External Auditor                              of management, or be responsible for making
   Independence Policy                                                           management decisions.
—— review the external and internal audit plans, and
                       —— The external auditor may not be responsible for the design         Sam Shuttleworth of PricewaterhouseCoopers, our external
                          or implementation of financial information systems.                auditor, attended the annual meeting of shareholders in
                       —— The external auditor may not perform any internal                  2017 to answer questions from shareholders in relation to our
                          audit function.                                                    external audit.

                                                                                             A representative of PricewaterhouseCoopers will attend our
                       Note 2.2 to the financial statements on page 77 details what was
                                                                                             annual meeting in 2018.
                       paid by the Company to the external auditor as audit fees and, as
                       a separate item, for other services.




annual report 2018
                                                                                                        recommendation 7.3 – Internal audit functions
                       Our External Auditor Independence Policy contains the                            should be disclosed.
                       procedures to be adopted by the Board and also management
                       to sustain communication with the external auditors. The policy       For the 2018 financial year, KPMG was our internal auditor.
                       provides that:
                                                                                             Our internal auditor provides assurance in respect of the risks
                       —— directors are entitled to direct access to the external auditors   impacting our business. This assists the Board, ARC and
                          without management present, and                                    management in:
    116                —— management is entitled to direct access to the external
                                                                                             —— managing risks
                          auditor without directors present.
                                                                                             —— improving the efficiency and effectiveness of internal
                       For the 2018 financial year our external auditor was                     control systems
                       PricewaterhouseCoopers. The NZX Listing Rules require the lead        —— monitoring compliance with policies and procedures and
                       external audit partner to be changed every five years. In                regulatory requirements, and


kiwi property
                       accordance with these rules, the lead external audit partner
                                                                                             —— providing assurance over the operating effectiveness of
                       changed from Sam Shuttleworth to Jonathan Skilton with effect
                                                                                                internal controls.
                       from the start of the 2018 financial year.
                                                                                             The internal auditor was appointed by the Board and reported
                                                                                             against the internal audit plan on a three-monthly basis.




corporate governance
                                  recommendation 7.2 – The external auditor should
                                  attend the issuer’s Annual Meeting to answer questions
                                  from shareholders in relation to the audit.




                                                               keeping our investors informed
                                                        principle 8 – Shareholder rights and relations
                                                The board should respect the rights of shareholders and foster
                                               constructive relationships with shareholders that encourage them
                                                                    to engage with the issuer.


                                  recommendation 8.1 – An issuer should have a website       —— provides information to the media and briefings with
                                  where investors and interested stakeholders can               research analysts, and
                                  access financial and operational information and key
                                  corporate governance information about the issuer.         —— holds an annual meeting of shareholders in which
                                                                                                shareholder participation is encouraged.
                       We seek to ensure our shareholders understand our activities
                                                                                             All the Company’s NZX announcements are automatically
                       by communicating effectively with them and giving them ready
                                                                                             published on our website. Our website, which is regularly
                       access to clear and balanced information. To assist with this,
                                                                                             updated, also contains:
                       the Company:
                                                                                             —— information about our people, our property portfolio and our
                       —— maintains a website, kp.co.nz
                                                                                                investment philosophy
                       —— provides shareholders with annual and interim reports and
                                                                                             —— our sustainability activities and achievements, and our annual
                          webcasts of its annual and interim results (available
                                                                                                sustainability report
                          live and archived on our website)
—— key financial information and the annual and interim reports       —— The Company maintains regular dialogue with the
—— key dates, and                                                        New Zealand Shareholders Association and, from time to
                                                                         time, conducts roadshows for retail investors.
—— key corporate governance documents (as outlined on
   page 101).                                                         —— Management meets with investors throughout the year.

Investors can also direct questions and comments through the          —— Our investor relations team manages investor queries on
Company’s website.                                                       a daily basis.

                                                                                 recommendation 8.3 – Shareholders should have the
           recommendation 8.2 – An issuer should allow                           right to vote on major decisions which may change the
           investors the ability to easily communicate with the                  nature of the company in which they are invested in.
           issuer, including providing the option to receive
           communications from the issuer electronically.
                                                                      As an issuer that is obliged to comply with the NZX Listing Rules,
                                                                      the Company must obtain the approval of its shareholders (by
communications                                                        way of an ordinary resolution or, if required, a special resolution)
                                                                      before entering into any transaction which would change the
electronic communications with investors
                                                                      essential nature of its business.                                      117
We encourage all investors to receive communications from us
electronically. Communicating electronically is faster, better for
                                                                                 recommendation 8.4 – Each person who invests
the environment and more cost-effective. To date, ~69% of our
                                                                                 money in a company should have one vote per share of
investors have told us that they prefer we communicate with                      the company they own equally with other shareholders.
them this way.

We understand that this does not suit everyone, so printed            The Company’s Constitution provides that voting by
copies of reports are provided to shareholders who have not           shareholders will be by voice or by show of hands, as determined
opted to receive documents electronically or who request a            by the Chair, unless a poll is demanded. The Company’s
printed copy.                                                         Constitution also provides that a shareholder entitled to attend
                                                                      and vote at a meeting may appoint a proxy to attend and vote on
investor relations programme                                          their behalf.

                                                                      To respect the principle of one share one vote, a poll was
Our investor relations team coordinates an active investor
                                                                      demanded in respect of the resolutions at the Company’s 2017
relations programme, customised to suit the needs of different
                                                                      annual meeting, in accordance with the Company’s Constitution,
investor groups. The programme includes:
                                                                      and voting was by poll. A poll will also be demanded at the
—— The Company’s annual meeting which all shareholders                Company’s 2018 annual meeting.
   have the right to attend. We encourage investors to take
   part in the annual meeting as it provides an opportunity
                                                                                 recommendation 8.5 – The board should ensure that
   for shareholders to air their views and ask questions of the                  the annual shareholders notice of meeting is posted
   Board and management.                                                         on the issuer’s website as soon as possible and at
—— An annual report (which is published annually in May) and                     least 28 days prior to the meeting.

   interim report (which is published annually in November) and
   includes an overview of operations and financial results for       The Company’s 2017 annual meeting took place on 28 July 2017.
   the year/period. We encourage investors to access these            Notice of that meeting was posted on the Company’s website
   reports online to assist with our commitment to the                on 13 July 2017 in accordance with the requirements of the
   environment. It is also faster and more cost-effective.            Companies Act 1993.

—— Each six months, the annual and interim results are webcast        The Company’s 2018 annual meeting will take place on
   to analysts and key institutional investors. A recording of each   7 June 2018. Notice of that meeting was posted on the
   annual and interim result presentation is provided on the          Company’s website on 4 May 2018.
   Company’s website. Briefings are provided to institutional
   investors, brokers and the media by management following
   annual and interim result announcements.




                                                                                                                                               governance
                                                                  remuneration report
                                                                        remuneration strategy
                                                      The Board supports a remuneration strategy that is aligned to our investors’
                                                        interests and encourages the achievement of our strategic objectives.

                      kiwi property’s vision and objectives are linked to remuneration structures



annual report 2018
                      our vision                          performance metrics              remuneration strategy               remuneration framework

                      To deliver New Zealand’s            —— Long-term total shareholder   Our remuneration strategy is to     Our remuneration framework
                      best retail and workplace              returns of >9% per annum      drive the achievement of            is designed to attract, retain,
                      experiences                                                          strategic objectives and to focus   motivate and reward our
                                                          —— Annual operating earnings
                                                             before interest and tax       our people’s performance and        people to deliver exceptional
                                                                                           subsequent remuneration             performance that is aligned to
  118                                                     —— Employee job performance
                                                                                           outcomes on the achievement         our investors’ interests
                                                             and achievement of
                                                                                           of sustainable, superior returns
                                                             ‘stretch’ goals aligned to
                                                             strategic objectives




kiwi property
                      our remuneration structure

                      fixed annual                        short-term incentive             long-term incentive                 employee share
                      remuneration (FAR)                  scheme (STI)                     plan (LTI)                          ownership plan (ESOP)




remuneration report
                      —— base salary that is              —— a discretionary, at-risk      —— a discretionary share-based     —— a discretionary share-based
                         competitively benchmarked           incentive for salaried,          plan, with a three-year vesting    plan, with a three-year
                         at the median of the market         permanent employees              period, for executives and         vesting period that is
                      —— benefits include income          —— company and individual           employees (by invitation)          designed to align our
                         protection, life and total          based performance             —— reflects reward for delivery of    people’s interests with
                         permanent disability                measures, founded on             sustained results over             those of our shareholders
                         insurance and KiwiSaver             ‘stretch’ goals                   the long term                   —— an annual grant that enables
                         company contributions            —— incentives benchmarked        —— the LTI performance hurdles         our permanent employees to
                         at 3%                               at market median                 consist of an absolute and          acquire $781 of new shares
                                                                                              relative total shareholder          for $1
                                                                                              return, measured                 —— provides our people with
                                                                                              independently of each               an opportunity to take an
                                                                                              other over the three-year           ownership stake in the
                                                                                              performance period                  business
                                                                                           —— assists in employee retention    —— assists in employee retention
                                                                                              objectives                          objectives
STI

The STI potential for our people has a component linked to the      —— Once this target is achieved, payment of the Company
Company’s performance and a component linked to personal               component commences at 50% and can increase to a
performance against specific stretch goals.                            maximum of 115% depending on the level of Operating
                                                                       EBIT out-performance.
Both components are based on ‘stretch’ performance goals.
Measures may change year-on-year to best drive business             individual performance
objectives and performance. Incentives are set around the
market median for target performance, with potential for            Measures are discussed and agreed between each people
participants to earn more for premium performance.                  leader and their direct report, in line with the following principles:

performance measures                                                —— Between one and three stretch goals are set which relate to
                                                                       the Company’s strategy and its current priorities and each
company performance
                                                                       employee’s individual role.
—— The Company performance measure is linked to the                 —— Measures will be quantifiable, objective and able to be
   Company’s budgeted Operating Earnings before Interest               measured.
   and Tax (Operating EBIT).                                                                                                                 119
                                                                    —— All individual measures and targets are underpinned by the
—— The scheme is designed to drive out-performance of the              concept of stretch performance (not business as usual). This
   Operating EBIT metric.                                              is consistent with how the Company’s measures and targets
—— The Board determines an annual Operating EBIT target                have been set and is aligned to the Company’s goal of paying
   that must be achieved before any incentive is paid.                 incentives where ‘above and beyond’ performance levels
                                                                       have been achieved.



LTI

The Company’s officers, leadership team and certain other employees may be invited to join the Company’s LTI plan on an annual
basis. Performance is measured against absolute and relative Total Shareholder Returns (TSR) measured independently of each
other over a three-year performance period.

component        LTI grant component      measure

absolute TSR     50%                      —— The Company’s TSR must exceed 9% per annum, compounding over the
hurdle                                       performance period.

relative TSR     50%                      —— Requires the Company’s TSR to be compared with the TSRs of the entities that make up
hurdle                                       the S&P/NZX All Real Estate Index (excluding Kiwi Property and CDL Investments New
                                             Zealand Limited, referred to
                                             as the ‘peer group’).
                                          —— The TSRs of the entities in the peer group over the performance period will be ranked
                                             from highest to lowest.
                                          —— If Kiwi Property’s TSR over the performance period exceeds the 50th percentile
                                             in the peer group, 50% of this portion of the LTI grant will vest (i.e. 25% of the
                                             total LTI grant).
                                          —— If Kiwi Property’s TSR over the performance period exceeds the 75th percentile
                                             in the peer group, 100% of this portion of the LTI grant will vest (i.e. 50% of the
                                             total LTI grant).
                                          —— There is a straight-line progression and apportionment between these two points.




                                                                                                                                               other
                      relative weightings of remuneration components for officers

                      —— Officers (as defined by the NZX Listing Rules) of the Company comprise the Chief Executive, Chief Operating Officer,
                         GM Commercial, GM Development, GM Retail and the Strategy Manager.
                      —— The total remuneration package for each of our officers comprises FAR, STI and LTI.
                      —— The STI potential for our officers is as follows:

                                                                                        % of STI attributed to Company              % of STI attributed to




annual report 2018
                                                                      STI % of FAR        Operating EBIT performance             individual performance

                      Chief Executive                                          50%                                50%                                50%

                      other officers                                         30-40%                               50%                                50%


                      —— The LTI potential for our officers is as follows:

  120
                                                                      LTI % of FAR

                      Chief Executive                                          30%

                      other officers                                     25-27.5%



kiwi property
                      performance and development
                      All of our people participate in a formal performance and development review every six months. The outcomes of the end-of-year
                      review inform decisions regarding remuneration adjustments in accordance with the Company’s policy.




remuneration report
                      annual remuneration review
                      The Board is responsible for the overall remuneration strategy and for reviewing and setting the remuneration of the
                      Chief Executive and Chief Operating Officer. The Remuneration and Nominations Committee is responsible for reviewing and
                      setting the remuneration of the direct reports of the Chief Executive and advising the Board on the remuneration of the
                      Chief Executive and Chief Operating Officer. The total pool available for remuneration of our employees is set by the Board
                      at the time the annual budget is approved.

                      To underpin our remuneration decision-making and ensure our employees are paid appropriately, we use a benchmarking job
                      matching approach utilising market data from several external remuneration consultancies.

                      pay equity
                      Kiwi Property is committed to undertaking an annual pay equity review to assess the impact of gender on the pay and participation of
                      women in the workforce and to ensure unconscious bias does not impact remuneration decisions.
                                  remuneration outcomes for the year
employee remuneration

During the reporting period there were 73 employees and former employees, excluding directors of the Company and the Chief
Executive, who received remuneration and other benefits in their capacity as employees, totalling $100,000 or more.

Remuneration includes salary, short-term incentive payments, long-term incentive payments that have vested, employer’s
contributions to superannuation, redundancy payments, the cost of providing insurance plans and sundry benefits received in their
capacity as employees (including the cost of fringe benefit tax). Employee remuneration does not include long-term incentives that
have not vested.

amount of remuneration ($)              number of employees         amount of remuneration ($)                 number of employees

100,000 – 110,000                                  7                250,001 – 260,000                                   2
110,001 – 120,000                                  9                260,001 – 270,000                                   2
120,001 – 130,000                                  3                270,001 – 280,000                                   2              121
130,001 – 140,000                                  4                290,001 – 300,000                                   2
140,001 – 150,000                                  5                300,001 – 310,000                                   2
150,001 – 160,000                                  3                320,001 – 330,000                                   1
160,001 – 170,000                                  4                330,001 – 340,000                                   1
170,001 – 180,000                                  4                340,001 – 350,000                                   1
180,001 – 190,000                                  1                360,001 – 370,000                                   1
190,001 – 200,000                                  3                370,001 – 380,000                                   1
200,001 – 210,000                                  3                380,001 – 390,000                                   1
210,001 – 220,000                                  3                410,001 – 420,000                                   1
220,001 – 230,000                                  2                910,001 – 920,000                                   1
240,001 – 250,000                                  3
total employees earning $100,000+                                                                                      73
employees included but no longer employed by Kiwi Property                                                              5


LTI

LTIs that have been granted, vested, or forfeited by executives (being the officers of the Company and other members of the
Company’s leadership team, but excluding the Chief Executive), as at 31 March 2018, are detailed in the following table.

                       measurement               total                   number of shares   number of shares       number of shares
grant date                    date       participants      grant value           granted           forfeited                 vested
15 December 2014      31 March 2017                10        $496,195            269,837            (64,260)                 205,577
1 April 2015          31 March 2018                12        $845,617            449,416           (192,983)
1 April 2016          31 March 2019                11        $786,408            359,373            (70,910)      not applicable yet
1 April 2017          31 March 2020                11        $883,362            427,760            (42,623)


Note 3.6.4 of the financial statements on pages 89 and 90 provides further details of the number of shares granted, lapsed
and exercised.




                                                                                                                                         other
                      employee share ownership plan (ESOP)

                      The ESOP was launched in 2015 and provides our people with an opportunity to take an ownership stake in the business.
                      Permanent full-time and part-time employees (excluding directors) are eligible to participate in the ESOP. Shares are purchased
                      and held in trust for employees during a holding period of three years, at which point the shares vest.

                      shares held on behalf of employees                                                       2016                2017                2018
                      shares issued during the year                                                         50,820               52,820              76,857




annual report 2018
                      shares forfeited during the year                                                      (3,025)              (4,448)             (7,293)
                      total shares held on behalf of employees                                               47,795              48,372              69,564

                      chief executive remuneration

                      Chris Gudgeon took up the role of Chief Executive in August 2008. His employment agreement comprises standard conditions
                      that are appropriate for a Chief Executive in the market. The Chief Executive’s remuneration for the year ended 31 March 2018
                      includes salary, a short-term incentive payment, a long-term incentive payment (where vested), employer’s contributions to
  122                 KiwiSaver, the cost of providing insurance plans and sundry benefits. It does not include long-term incentives that have not vested.
                      The Chief Executive’s remuneration is detailed in the following table:

                                                                                                                                   2017                2018

                      fixed annual remuneration (including KiwiSaver and value of benefits)                                   $743,583            $746,483


kiwi property
                      short-term incentive paid (including KiwiSaver)                                                          $367,774           $297,988


                      The basis of the Chief Executive’s STI is set out on pages 119 and 120. His target for the year was $257,364 (2017: $256,394), with a
                      maximum payable of $407,096 (2017: $393,680) plus KiwiSaver.




remuneration report
                      LTI

                      Long-term incentives that have been granted and vested to the Chief Executive as at 31 March 2018 are set out in the following table:

                                                                                                                      number of shares     number of shares
                      grant date                                           measurement date            grant value            granted                vested
                      15 December 2014                                         31 March 2017            $164,014               89,192                 85,624
                      1 April 2015                                             31 March 2018            $218,942              116,470
                      1 April 2016                                             31 March 2019             $219,728             100,412      not applicable yet
                      1 April 2017                                             31 March 2020            $220,598              106,931


                      First NZ Capital was appointed by the Board to act as the Recognised Independent Party (RIP) for the purposes of the
                      15 December 2014 LTI grant made to the Chief Executive by Kiwi Property. Their assessment was as follows:

                      —— Absolute performance hurdle: First NZ Capital concluded that Kiwi Property’s annualised TSR exceeded the TSR hurdle and
                         therefore 50% of the LTI Plan Shares were eligible for vesting.
                      —— Relative performance hurdle: First NZ Capital concluded that Kiwi Property’s TSR ranked above the 50th percentile of the
                         peer group, however ranked below the 75th percentile. Based on a progressive vesting scale it was assessed that 46% of the
                         LTI Plan Shares were eligible for vesting.

                      This resulted in the vesting of 85,624 shares in respect of the 15 December 2014 LTI grant.
                                                           director remuneration
The directors’ remuneration is paid in the form of directors’ fees.

At the Company’s 2017 annual meeting, shareholders approved a total directors’ fee pool of $737,500 per annum. The Board has
allocated the pool as follows:

                                                                                                             fee   number of persons    total fee pool
                                                                                                                       holding office

Chair (including membership of all committees)                                                     $165,000                        1       $165,000
Director (excluding the Chair)                                                                       $92,000                       5       $460,000
Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee                                                                $20,000                       1         $20,000
Audit and Risk Committee member                                                                      $10,000                       2         $20,000
Chair of the Remuneration and Nominations Committee                                                  $16,250                       1         $16,250
Remuneration and Nominations Committee member                                                             $8,125                   2         $16,250
                                                                                                                                                         123
discretionary pool    1
                                                                                                     $40,000                      n/a       $40,000
total                                                                                                                                      $737,500


The fees paid to our directors during the year ended 31 March 2018 are outlined below:

director                                      duties                                                                                             fees

Mary Jane Daly 2                              Director                                                                                     $106,353
                                              Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee
Richard Didsbury                              Director                                                                                       $98,872
                                              Member of the Remuneration and Nominations Committee
Mark Ford                                     Chair                                                                                         $161,766
                                              Member of the Audit and Risk Committee
                                              Member of the Remuneration and Nominations Committee
Jane Freeman                                  Director                                                                                      $121,391
                                              Chair of the Remuneration and Nominations Committee
Mark Powell3                                  Director                                                                                       $51,000
                                              Member of the Audit and Risk Committee
Mike Steur                                    Director                                                                                      $108,872
                                              Member of the Audit and Risk Committee
                                              Member of the Remuneration and Nominations Committee
Joanna Perry4                                 Director                                                                                       $55,353
                                              Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee




1. Of the $40,000 discretionary pool, $15,000 was paid for additional responsibilities during the year.
2. Mary Jane Daly was appointed chair of the Audit and Risk Committee on 1 October 2017.
3. Mark Powell was appointed as a director, effective 1 October 2017.
4. Joanna Perry retired as a director, effective 30 September 2017.




                                                                                                                                                           other
                                                              other shareholder information
                                reporting entity                                                                in conjunction with Listing Rules 7.3.4(d) to 7.3.4(h)),
                                                                                                                except for the requirement in Listing Rule 7.4.3(a) that
                                Kiwi Property Group Limited (the Company) was incorporated                      the Offer is renounceable (provided that New Shares
                                under the Companies Act 1993 on 16 October 2014. In                             not taken up by Eligible Shareholders are offered under
                                December 2014, investors approved a move from a unit trust to                   the Bookbuilds and that such Bookbuilds are undertaken
                                a company structure. Prior to this approval, the entity (known as



 annual report 2018
                                                                                                                in accordance with the Offer Document).
                                Kiwi Income Property Trust) was a unit trust established under
                                                                                                              −− Waiver from Listing Rule 7.10.1, enabling Eligible
                                the Unit Trusts Act 1960 by a Trust Deed dated 21 August 1992.
                                                                                                                 Institutional Shareholders to be notified of their
                                                                                                                 Entitlement prior to the Record Date and enabling
                                stock exchange listing
                                                                                                                 notification to occur by means other than physical
                                The Company’s shares are quoted on the NZX under the ticker                      letters of entitlement.
                                code KPG and the Company’s bonds are quoted on the NZDX                       −− Waiver from Listing Rule 7.10.2, to the extent it would
                                under the ticker codes KPG010, KPG020 and KPG030.                                otherwise require the Institutional Entitlement Offer to
     124
                                                                                                                 remain open for 12 Business Days, subject to the
                                credit rating                                                                    condition that the Company’s announcement of the
                                                                                                                 Offer, and this Offer Document, clearly state that a
                                S&P Global Ratings has assigned a corporate credit rating of
                                                                                                                 shorter than usual offer period will be available to
                                BBB (stable) to the Company and an issue credit rating of


kiwi property
                                                                                                                 Eligible Institutional Shareholders under the Institutional
                                BBB+ to each of the Company’s fixed-rate senior secured
                                                                                                                 Entitlement Offer.
                                bonds (KPG010, KPG020 and KPG030).
                                                                                                              −− Waiver from Listing Rule 7.10.8, to the extent it would
                                Further information about S&P Global Ratings’ credit rating                      otherwise require the Company to notify NZX of the
                                scale is available at www.standardandpoors.com. A rating is not                  Offer five Business Days prior to the ex-date for the




other shareholder information
                                a recommendation by any rating organisation to buy, sell or                      Offer, subject to the condition that the Offer is notified
                                hold the Company’s securities. The credit ratings referred to in                 to NZX in accordance with Listing Rule 7.10.8 no later
                                this annual report are current as at 18 May 2018 and may be                      than five Business Days before the ex-date for the Offer.
                                subject to suspension, revision or withdrawal at any time by
                                S&P Global Ratings.                                                     NZX disciplinary action

                                changes in the nature of the business                                   There has been no action taken by NZX in relation to the
                                                                                                        Company and the NZX has not exercised any of its powers set
                                There were no changes to the nature of the Company’s business           out in Listing Rule 5.4.2 in relation to the Company.
                                during the year.
                                                                                                        auditor
                                NZX waivers
                                                                                                        PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) has continued to act as the
                                The following is a summary of waivers granted by NZX during the         Company’s external auditor and has undertaken the audit of
                                year ended 31 March 2018 and relied on by the Company.                  the financial statements for the 31 March 2018 financial year.
                                —— Waivers in relation to the Company’s 1 for 11 Entitlement            PwC will be automatically reappointed as external auditor at
                                   Offer (Offer). Capitalised terms below have the meanings             the Company’s next annual meeting pursuant to section 207T
                                   given to them in the Offer Document dated 19 June 2017               of the Companies Act 1993.
                                   (which is available on the Company’s website at kp.co.nz/
                                   investor-centre).                                                    In accordance with our External Auditor Independence Policy,
                                                                                                        the Company requires the audit partner to rotate every five
                                   —— On 16 June 2017, NZX granted the Company a waiver from
                                                                                                        years. A new partner was appointed for the 2018 financial year.
                                      Listing Rule 7.11.1 in respect of the Offer, subject to certain
                                      terms and conditions, to enable the Company to allot the
                                                                                                        donations, sponsorship and volunteering
                                      New Shares under the Institutional Entitlement Offer and
                                      Institutional Bookbuild eight Business Days after the close       During the year, the Company donated shopping centre
                                      of the Institutional Entitlement Offer.                           gift vouchers totalling $1,240 to the New Zealand Breast
                                   —— In relation to the Offer, the Company relied on the NZX           Cancer Foundation.
                                      class waiver for accelerated entitlement offers, dated
                                                                                                        The Company is a longstanding corporate sponsor (currently
                                      13 June 2017. The following is a summary of each aspect
                                                                                                        $10,000 per annum) of Keystone Trust. Keystone is a charitable
                                      of the class waiver relied on by the Company:
                                                                                                        trust that assists tertiary students from disadvantaged
                                      −− Waiver from Listing Rule 7.3.1(a), permitting the              backgrounds to further their education in property industry-
                                         Company to not obtain Shareholder approval for the             related fields.
                                         issue of New Shares in connection with the Offer.
                                         This waiver is subject to the condition that the issue be      Volunteering within the communities in which we invest and
                                         conducted in accordance with Listing Rule 7.3.4(a) (read       operate is important to the Company. For details of our
                                                                                                        volunteering over the past year, refer to page 55.
directors of the Company’s subsidiaries

As at 31 March 2018, the directors of the subsidiary companies
Kiwi Property Holdings Limited, Kiwi Property Holdings
No. 2 Limited, Kiwi Property Te Awa Limited and Sylvia Park
Business Centre Limited, were Chris Gudgeon, Gavin Parker
and Trevor Wairepo.

During the year to 31 March 2018, no director ceased to hold
office as a director of the subsidiary companies.

Directors of the Company’s subsidiaries do not receive any
remuneration or other benefits in their capacity as a director of
those companies, except the indemnity and insurance referred
to below.

directors’ indemnity and insurance
                                                                    125
In accordance with the constitution of the Company and section
162 of the Companies Act 1993, the directors of the Company
continue to receive an indemnity from the Company and
insurance to cover liabilities that may arise out of the normal
performance of their duties.

The directors of the subsidiary companies also continue to
receive an indemnity from each subsidiary company and
insurance to cover liabilities that may arise out of the normal
performance of their duties.

annual meeting of shareholders

The Company’s annual meeting of shareholders will be held at
10.00am on Thursday, 7 June 2018 at Eden Park, Auckland.

interest register entries

In accordance with section 211(1)(e) of the Companies Act 1993,
details of the entries made in the Interests Register of the
Company during the year are set out over the page, together
with the existing entries as at 31 March 2018.




                                                                      other
                                name               name of company/entity                                                  nature of interest

                                Mary Jane Daly     Airways Corporation of New Zealand Limited                              Deputy Chair
                                                   Airways International Limited                                           Director
                                                   Auckland Transport1                                                     Director
                                                   Cigna Life Insurance New Zealand Limited                                Director
                                                   Earthquake Commission                                                   Deputy Chair




 annual report 2018
                                                   New Zealand Green Building Council2                                     Chair

                                Richard Didsbury   Auckland International Airport Limited2                                 Director and Shareholder
                                                   Auckland City Mission Redevelopment Committee    1
                                                                                                                           Chair
                                                   Brick Bay Development Trust                                             Trustee
                                                   Brick Bay Investment Trust                                              Trustee
                                                   Brick Bay Trustee Limited                                               Director and Shareholder
     126
                                                   Brick Bay Wines Limited                                                 Director and Shareholder

                                                   Commitee for Auckland                                                   Trustee
                                                   NX2 Hold GP Limited (Northern Express consortium)                       Chair



kiwi property
                                                   SkyCity Entertainment Group Limited                                     Director and Shareholder
                                Mark Ford          CBUS Property Pty Limited and related entities                          Director
                                                   Dexus Property Group                                                    Director
                                                   Prime Property Fund Asia GP Pte Limited                                 Director




other shareholder information
                                                   RREEF China Commercial Trust Management Limited                         Director
                                                   (Manager of China Commercial Trust and a Subsidiary of Deutsche Bank)
                                                   The Ford Family Superannuation Fund                                     Director
                                Jane Freeman       Argosy Property Limited                                                 Spouse of Director (Christopher Hunter)
                                                   ASB Bank Limited   2
                                                                                                                           Director
                                                   Foodstuffs North Island Limited                                         Director
                                                   Jane Freeman Consulting Limited                                         Director and Shareholder
                                                   NZ Strong Construction                                                  Spouse of Director (Christopher Hunter)
                                Joanna Perry   3
                                                   Genesis Energy                                                          Deputy Chairman
                                                   IFRS Advisory Council                                                   Chairman
                                                   JMGP Limited                                                            Director and Shareholder
                                                   Partners Group Holdings Limited                                         Director
                                                   Partners Life Limited                                                   Director
                                                   Regional Facilities Auckland                                            Deputy Chair
                                                   Rowing New Zealand                                                      Director
                                                   Sport and Recreation New Zealand                                        Director
                                                   Trade Me Group Limited                                                  Director
name                      name of company/entity                                nature of interest

Mark Powell    4
                          Carey Baptist Theological College           1
                                                                                Elected board member
                          JB Hi-Fi Group Limited       1
                                                                                Director
                          Massey Business School1,2                             CEO in residence
                          Stihl Shop NZ    1
                                                                                Advisory board member
                          The Halls Group Limited          1
                                                                                Director
                          Trinity Lands Limited1                                Director
                          Venn Foundation NZ       1
                                                                                Chair
Mike Steur                BWP Management Limited                                Director
                          Dexus Wholesale Property Fund                         Director
                          Healthcare Wholesale Property Fund              1
                                                                                Chair
                          M & D Steur Investments Pty Limited                   Shareholder
                                                                                                        127




1.   Entry added by notice given by the director during the year.
2.   Entry removed by notice given by the director during the year.
3    Joanna Perry ceased to be a director with effect from 30 September 2017.
4.   Mark Powell was appointed director with effect from 1 October 2017.                                  other
                                shareholder statistics
                                AS AT 31 MARCH 2018


                                twenty largest shareholders
                                                                                                                                  number         % of total
                                shareholder                                                                                      of shares   issued shares

                                HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited                                                          169,456,648            11.93




 annual report 2018
                                Citibank Nominees (NZ) Limited                                                               119,963,124             8.45
                                Accident Compensation Corporation                                                            112,575,287             7.93
                                HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited                                                           99,847,929             7.03
                                Premier Nominees Limited <Wholesale Trans-Tasman Property>                                    77,451,464             5.45
                                JPMorgan Chase Bank                                                                           61,874,708             4.36
                                Cogent Nominees Limited                                                                       58,089,859             4.09
     128
                                FNZ Custodians Limited                                                                        46,537,838             3.28
                                Investment Custodial Services Limited                                                         35,794,096             2.52
                                BNP Paribas Nominees NZ Limited                                                               33,806,052             2.38
                                National Nominees New Zealand Limited                                                         33,342,976             2.35


kiwi property
                                Premier Nominees Ltd <Armstrong Jones Property Securities Fund>                               27,098,134             1.91
                                Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited                                                               22,982,819             1.62
                                Custodial Services Limited                                                                    22,914,836             1.61




other shareholder information
                                New Zealand Superannuation Fund Nominees Limited                                              22,397,695             1.58
                                MFL Mutual Fund Limited                                                                       21,788,512             1.53
                                JBWere (NZ) Nominees Limited                                                                  18,407,772             1.30
                                New Zealand Permanent Trustees Limited                                                        15,130,966             1.07
                                Private Nominees Limited                                                                      14,791,636             1.04
                                TEA Custodians Limited                                                                        12,228,151             0.86
                                total                                                                                       1,026,480,502           72.29
                                total shares on issue                                                                       1,420,414,825


                                spread of shareholders
                                                                                                    number     % of total         number         % of total
                                size of holding                                                   of holders    holders          of shares   issued shares

                                1-1,000                                                                666         5.94          307,626             0.02
                                1,001-5,000                                                          1,719        15.34        5,309,175             0.37
                                5,001-10,000                                                         2,018        18.00       15,347,989             1.08
                                10,001-50,000                                                        5,515        49.21      124,831,269             8.79
                                50,001-100,000                                                         816         7.28       55,431,971             3.90
                                100,001 and over                                                       474         4.23     1,219,186,795           85.84
                                total                                                               11,208      100.00      1,420,414,825         100.00
geographic distribution of shareholders
                                                                                      number         % of total
size of holding                                                                      of shares   issued shares

New Zealand                                                                     1,032,246,481           72.67
United States                                                                    177,896,418            12.52
United Kingdom                                                                    63,915,934             4.50
Australia                                                                         63,196,498             4.45
Norway                                                                            21,223,789             1.49
Japan                                                                             16,690,627             1.18
rest of the world                                                                 45,245,078             3.19

total                                                                           1,420,414,825         100.00



                                                                                                                  129

bondholder statistics
AS AT 31 MARCH 2018


spread of KPG010 bondholders (August 2021 maturity)
                                                        number     % of total          number        % of total
size of holding                                       of holders    holders           of bonds   issued bonds

1-1,000                                                       –            –                –                –
1,001-5,000                                                131         9.92          655,000             0.52
5,001-10,000                                               324        24.55        3,097,000             2.48
10,001-50,000                                              708        53.64       19,536,000            15.63
50,001-100,000                                               89        6.74        7,561,000             6.05
100,001 and over                                             68        5.15       94,151,000            75.32

total                                                    1,320      100.00       125,000,000          100.00


spread of KPG020 bondholders (September 2023 maturity)
                                                        number     % of total          number        % of total
size of holding                                       of holders    holders           of bonds   issued bonds

1-1,000                                                       –            –                –                –
1,001-5,000                                                  46        7.90          230,000             0.18
5,001-10,000                                               113        19.41        1,102,000             0.88
10,001-50,000                                              318        54.64        9,317,000             7.45
50,001-100,000                                               47        8.08        4,169,000             3.34
100,001 and over                                             58        9.97      110,182,000            88.15
total                                                      582      100.00       125,000,000          100.00




                                                                                                                    other
                                spread of KPG030 bondholders (December 2024 maturity)
                                                                                                                         number                 % of total                number                % of total
                                size of holding                                                                        of holders                holders                 of bonds           issued bonds

                                1-1,000                                                                                          –                       –                        –                       –
                                1,001-5,000                                                                                    42                    8.05               210,000                       0.17
                                5,001-10,000                                                                                  111                  21.26              1,082,000                       0.87
                                10,001-50,000                                                                                 284                  54.40              7,865,000                       6.29




 annual report 2018
                                50,001-100,000                                                                                 36                    6.90             3,062,000                       2.45
                                100,001 and over                                                                               49                    9.39         112,781,000                       90.22
                                total                                                                                         522                 100.00          125,000,000                     100.00



                                substantial product holders
     130
                                In accordance with section 293 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013, listed below are the names and details of all
                                persons who, according to the Company’s records and disclosures made, are substantial product holders of the Company as at
                                31 March 2018. The total number of ordinary shares on issue at 31 March 2018 was 1,420,414,825.

                                                                                                                                                                      number of


kiwi property
                                                                                                                                                                   shares held at                 date of
                                name                                                                                                                               date of notice              disclosure

                                Accident Compensation Corporation1,2                                                                                              104,473,105                 29-Apr-16
                                ANZ New Zealand Investments Limited              3,4                                                                              147,407,526                 20-Nov-17




other shareholder information
                                Blackrock, Inc and related bodies corporate            5                                                                            71,147,019                19-Mar-18


                                Some of the above relevant interests comprise a mixture of shares which are legally and/or beneficially held and shares over which
                                voting control is held.




                                1.   Nicholas Bagnall, Guy Eliffe, Paul Robertshawe, Blair Tallott, Jason Hamilton, Jonathan Davis and Blair Cooper are employees and either a portfolio manager,
                                     equity analyst or corporate governance manager of Accident Compensation Corporation (ACC). Under current ACC investment policies, they have the
                                     discretion to exercise control over some or all the rights to vote and/or acquisition or disposal of some or all of the financial products of which ACC is the
                                     beneficial owner.
                                2.   Including personal holdings of Blair Cooper, an employee and portfolio manager of Accident Compensation Corporation (notice dated 29 April 2016) 58,529 shares.
                                3.   ANZ New Zealand Investments Limited (ANZ Investments) acts as a manager or investment manager for certain managed investment schemes under investment
                                     management contracts and as a discretionary investment management service (DIMS) provider in respect of investment portfolios under a wholesale DIMS client
                                     agreement. ANZ Investments has a relevant interest in the financial products arising only from the powers of investment contained in the investment management
                                     contracts and wholesale DIMS client agreement as it has.
                                4.   Including relevant interests held by ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited (ANZ Bank), ANZ Custodial Services New Zealand Limited (ANZCS) and OnePath Funds
                                     Management Limited (Australia) (OnePath). ANZ Bank acts as a discretionary investment management service (DIMS) provider in respect of investment portfolios
                                     under a DIMS client agreement. ANZ Bank has a relevant interest in the financial products arising only from the powers of investment contained in the DIMS client
                                     agreements it has. ANZCS is the custodian for: ANZ Investments wholesale discretionary investment management service under a custody agreement; and
                                     ANZ Bank’s discretionary investment management service and trading and custody service under a custody agreement. OnePath is the responsible entity of a
                                     number of registered managed investment schemes and the trustee of a number of unregistered schemes under investment management contracts. OnePath
                                     has a relevant interest in the financial products arising only from the powers of investment contained in the investment management contracts.
                                5.   The nature of the relevant interest is the power to control the acquisition or disposal of the quoted voting product and/or the exercise of a right to vote attached to
                                     the quoted voting product, arising only from the powers of investment contained in each case under investment management agreements appointing each entity
                                     as investment manager of funds or separate accounts (i.e. entity currently exercising investment discretion on behalf of the relevant funds or separate accounts).
                                    directory


C O M PA N Y                             REGISTRAR
Kiwi Property Group Limited              Link Market Services Limited
Level 7, Vero Centre                     Level 11, Deloitte Centre
48 Shortland Street                      80 Queen Street                           131
PO Box 2071                              PO Box 91976
Shortland Street                         AUCKLAND 1142
AUCKLAND 1140                            T:   64 9 375 5998 or 0800 377 388
T:   64 9 359 4000                       W: linkmarketservices.co.nz
W: kp.co.nz                              E:   enquiries@linkmarketservices.co.nz
E:   info@kp.co.nz

                                         AUDITOR
BOND TRUSTEE                             PricewaterhouseCoopers New Zealand
Public Trust                             PwC Tower
Level 9                                  188 Quay Street
34 Shortland Street                      Private Bag 92162
PO Box 1598                              AUCKLAND 1142
Shortland Street                         T:   64 9 355 8000
AUCKLAND 1140                            W: pwc.co.nz
T:   0800 371 471
W: publictrust.co.nz                     BANKERS
E:   cstenquiry@publictrust.co.nz        ANZ Bank New Zealand
                                         Bank of New Zealand
SECURITY TRUSTEE                         China Construction Bank (New Zealand)
New Zealand Permanent Trustees Limited   Commonwealth Bank of Australia
Level 9                                  The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
34 Shortland Street                      Corporation

PO Box 1598                              Westpac New Zealand

Shortland Street
AUCKLAND 1140

T:   0800 371 471
E:   cstenquiry@publictrust.co.nz




                                                                                     other
Kiwi Property   20
                20   17
                     18   Annual Report 2018
                                               kp.co.nz
