CONTENTS
Performance Summary                                                   2
Chairman’s Statement                                                  3
Yuexiu REIT Profile                                                  15
Distribution                                                         16
Management Discussion and Analysis                                   17
  Business Review                                                    17
  Financial Review                                                   32
Corporate Governance                                                 39
Connected Party Transactions                                         42
Independent Review Report                                            54
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income     55
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position       57
Interim Condensed Consolidated Distribution Statement                59
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Net Assets               61
  Attributable to Unitholders and Changes In Equity
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows               62
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information    63
Performance Table                                                    99
Corporate and Investor Relations Information                        100
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

The following is a summary of Yuexiu REIT’s financial results during the Interim Period together with comparative figures
for the six months ended 30 June 2024 and year ended 31 December 2024:

(in Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise specified)


                                                                           Six months ended 30 June             Change
                                                                                                             (Decrease)/
                                                                                2025                2024       Increase

Gross income                                                             966,148,000        1,034,091,000         (6.6)%
Net property income                                                      679,036,000         742,665,000          (8.6)%
Net loss after tax before transactions with Unitholders                  (337,419,000)        (40,529,000)       732.5%
Interim distribution                                                     171,141,000         185,247,000          (7.6)%
Loss per unit                                                                 (0.0630)            (0.0062)       916.1%
Distribution per unit                                                         0.0333              0.0371         (10.2)%
    Equivalent to HK$                                                         0.0366              0.0405          (9.6)%



                                                                                    As at

                                                                             30 June        31 December         Change
                                                                                2025                2024       Decrease

Property portfolio valuation                                           41,889,247,000    42,308,008,000           (1.0)%
Net assets attributable to Unitholders                                 14,506,842,000    14,829,378,000           (2.2)%
Net assets attributable to Unitholders per unit                                  2.82                2.91         (3.1)%




2
                                                                 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

DEAR UNITHOLDERS OF
YUEXIU REIT,

On behalf of the
management team of
Yuexiu REIT Asset
Management Limited
(“Manager”), the Manager
of Yuexiu Real Estate
Investment Trust
(“Yuexiu REIT”), I am very
pleased to present to you
the 2025 interim report of
Yuexiu REIT.




JIANG GUOXIONG
Chairman




At the beginning of 2025, the global economy faced the challenge of tariff wars. The multilateral trading system was
undermined by the uncertainties of trade policies, prompting an accelerated restructuring of global industrial chains to
mitigate the cost challenges brought by rising tariffs. Moreover, in the first half of the year, geopolitical tensions escalated
sharply, with highly tense regional situations further diverging regional development and slowing down the overall
recovery of the global economy. For China, the year 2025 marks the final year for achieving the goals and tasks of the 14th
Five-Year Plan, serving as a critical juncture that bridges the past and the future. In the first half of the year, the domestic
economy exhibited several notable features, including resilient exports, policy-driven consumption, expansion of high-tech
manufacturing industry and contraction in real estate investment. Benefitting from a series of effective macro policies,
a new development pattern of “dual circulation”– in which domestic and foreign markets reinforce each other, with the
domestic market as the mainstay – is being established at an accelerated pace, along with a faster transition from old to
new industrial growth drivers.



                                                                                                                              3
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


In the first half of the year, amid slowing economic growth, office tenants continued their pursuit of “cost efficiency”,
maintaining a prudent approach to lease expansion and even relocating to emerging districts to reduce administrative
costs; high-end hotels and serviced apartments were directly affected by consumption downgrades, with the catering
operations encountering significant challenges; while retail shopping malls and clothing wholesale market also
experienced a certain impact from consumption downturn, leading to increased operational pressure for merchants.
Confronting the downturn in market demand and intense industry competition, the management team adapts proactively
to change, took integrated measures to implement lean management, which combined with the quality of our premium
properties and the excellent efforts made by all members of the management team, thereby delivering steady
performance with quality enhancements for the Unitholders.


RESULTS AND DISTRIBUTION
As at 30 June 2025, Yuexiu REIT maintained ten high-quality properties located in four high economic growth cities in
Mainland China (i.e. Guangzhou, Shanghai, Wuhan, Hangzhou) and Hong Kong, covering four business segments, namely
office buildings, retail shopping malls, wholesale market and hotel and serviced apartments, with a total gross floor area
of 1,184,156.5 sq.m. and a total rentable area of 803,984.1 sq.m.. The overall occupancy rate was 82.2%, and the unit
rent was RMB187.5 per sq.m. per month. During the Interim Period, Yuexiu REIT recorded a total operating revenue of
approximately RMB966,148,000, representing a decrease of 6.6% as compared to RMB1,034,091,000 for the same period
last year, with overall operation remaining stable.

During the Interim Period, Yuexiu REIT recorded a total distributable income of approximately RMB171,141,000.
The distribution is approximately HK$0.0366 per Unit (the corresponding period of the previous year: approximately
HK$0.0405). Based on the closing price of HK$0.87 on 30 June 2025, the annualised distribution yield was approximately
8.42%.


MACRO ECONOMY
In the first half of 2025, China’s economic performance has been generally stable with a trend of steady growth. According
to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the gross domestic product (GDP) in the first half of 2025
reached RMB66,053.6 billion, representing a year-on-year growth of 5.3%. The “three economic drivers” collectively drove
economic expansion. The “trade-in of old consumer goods” subsidy policy boosted rapid growth in consumption, with
total retail sales of consumer goods reaching RMB24,545.8 billion in the first half of the year, representing a year-on-
year increase of 5.0% and contributing 52.0% to economic growth. Investment scale showed divergence: national fixed
asset investment stood at RMB24,865.4 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.8% and contributing 16.8% to
economic growth. National fixed asset investment (excluding investment in real estate development) increased by 6.6%,
while investment in real estate development decreased by 11.2% year-on-year. Exports showed strong resilience with
total imports and exports of goods reaching RMB21,787.6 billion. Net exports of goods and services contributed 31.2% to
economic growth.




4
                                                                       CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


In terms of monetary policy, Chinese Mainland maintained a moderately accommodative stance, lowering the Loan Prime
Rate (LPR) by a total of 10 basis points in the first half of the year, with interest rates remaining at relatively low levels.
Due to fluctuating inflation, the United States refrained from cutting interest rates in the first half of the year. However,
expectations for interest rate cuts in the second half of 2025 strengthened. Hong Kong’s IPO market thrived, while one-
month HIBOR volatility declined. In terms of exchange rates, Renminbi remained generally stable in the first half of the
year, appreciating slightly by 1.9% against US dollar.

Guangzhou faced noticeable structural adjustment in its economic development with a positive trend. According to
publicly available information, in the first half of 2025, the city GDP reached RMB1,508.099 billion, representing a year-on-
year growth of 3.8%. The internet, software, and information technology services sectors maintained rapid growth, and the
added value of core industries in the digital economy increased by 7.0% year-on-year. The 15th National Games to be held
within the year spurred a wave of sports-related economic activities, while the “trade-in of old consumer goods” policy
boosted sales in covered product categories, driving the city’s total retail sales of consumer goods to reach RMB561.122
billion, representing a year-on-year growth of 5.9%. Investment in real estate development has recovered, with a year-
on-year growth of 4.1%. Export performance was relatively stable, with the total value of exports growing by 25.2% to
RMB396.91 billion, while the city’s total foreign trade value grew by 15.5% year-on-year to RMB605.05 billion. As the core
engine of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, Guangzhou explicitly outlined in its latest “12218” modern
industrial system strategy the ambitious development of 15 strategic industrial clusters, including intelligent connected
new energy vehicles, biomedicine and health, as well as six future industries such as embodied AI, cell and gene
technologies. In 2024, Guangzhou ranked 8th in the global science city rankings, demonstrating prominent new growth
drivers and competitive edges in high-quality economic development.

Shanghai’s economic development remained generally stable, with an improvement in investment sentiment. According
to publicly available information, in the first half of 2025, the city GDP reached RMB2,622.215 billion, representing a
year-on-year increase of 5.1%, maintaining its position as the leading economic centre in China. In the first half of the
year, Shanghai’s leading industries showed strong momentum, with the output value of artificial intelligence (AI) and
integrated circuits increasing by 12.3% and 11.7% year-on-year, respectively. The information transmission, software
and information technology services industry in the tertiary sector grew by 14.6% year-on-year. Investment sentiment
improved, with investment in real estate development increasing by 3.8% year-on-year. In the first half of the year, the
total transaction value of the city’s financial markets increased by 6.6% year-on-year, and the finance sector performed
robustly. Newly established foreign-invested enterprises reached 3,019, representing a year-on-year growth of 0.4%.




                                                                                                                             5
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


Wuhan’s economic development has achieved steady progress with positive momentum. According to publicly available
information, in the first half of 2025, the city GDP increased by 5.5% year-on-year to RMB1,059.28 billion, with the added
value of the tertiary industry growing by 6.3% to RMB691.143 billion. Emerging industries represented by humanoid robots
and new energy vehicles continued to inject momentum into economic development, with the added value of high-tech
manufacturing enterprises above the designated size increasing by 15.7%. The consumer market expanded and improved
in quality, with the city’s total retail sales of consumer goods reaching RMB427,997 million in the first half of the year,
representing a year-on-year increase of 7.3%. As one of the cities in China with the highest concentration of universities
and research institutions, Wuhan ranked 13rd globally and 5th nationally in the Would’s Top 100 Science and Technology
Clusters 2024 released by the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO), placing it among the top performers
nationwide in talent density.

Hangzhou’s economic development maintained steady growth, showing positive and innovative momentum. According
to publicly available information, in the first half of 2025, the city GDP reached RMB1,130.3 billion, representing a year-
on-year increase of 5.5%, outpacing the national growth rate. Emerging services industries witnessed rapid growth, with
the service sector of core industries in the digital economy, and the high-tech service sector both achieving double-digit
growth. The city’s total retail sales of consumer goods amounted to RMB458.5 billion, representing a year-on-year growth
of 6.0%. The “trade-in of old consumer goods” policy continued to show effects, with retail sales of household appliances
and audiovisual equipment, as well as communication equipment, surging by 97.5% and 40.9%, respectively.


MARKET REVIEW
OFFICE LEASING MARKET

The national office market demand remained primarily cost-driven, with incremental demand recovering slowly and an
overall cautious recovery trend. The supply-demand imbalance further intensified, prompting landlords to reduce rents
further to stimulate relocation demand.


In the first half of 2025, the Grade A office market in Guangzhou continuously faced pressure on rents and occupancy
rates, mainly due to the persistent trend among enterprises to pursue cost efficiency in office operations, which kept
demand for office spaces in the core business districts weak. New supply at low price in emerging business districts has
intensified competition for customers, putting more absorption pressure on traditional business districts like Zhujiang
New Town and Tianhe North (Tianhe Bei). According to market research data, the new supply of Grade A office space in
Guangzhou exceeded 320,000 sq.m. in the first half of the year, pushing the market stock to over 7,500,000 sq.m., which
represents a year-on-year increase of 6.1%. Projects newly launched are primarily located at Pazhou and International
Finance City. The net absorption was 37,000 sq.m., representing a year-on-year decrease of over 21%, with both Zhujiang
New Town and Tianhe North recording negative net absorption. As of the end of the second quarter, the citywide vacancy
rate climbed to 22.6%, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.1 percentage points. Rental levels continued to decline,
with an average rent of RMB127.4 per sq.m. per month, representing a year-on-year decrease of 5.9%. In terms of
industrial momentum, office leasing demand from enterprises in finance, media and entertainment, retail, and trade
industries remained relatively strong, contributing over 50% to the total leasing transactions in the first half of the year,
while demand from professional services and information technology enterprises remained relatively stable.




6
                                                                       CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


The office market in Shanghai recorded a slowdown in net absorption, and rental level continued to decline. According
to market research data, in the first half of 2025, the new supply of Grade A office space in Shanghai exceeded 380,000
sq.m., pushing the total stock to 20,130,000 sq.m.. Net absorption of Grade A office space exceeded 90,000 sq.m. in the
first half of the year. As of the end of the second quarter, the rental level fell by 15.3% year-on-year to RMB5.4 per sq.m.
per day, and the vacancy rate climbed to 23.7%, up by 1.4 percentage points year-on-year. Office upgrades have driven
some demand, primarily from retail businesses. Retail and trade, finance, manufacturing, IT, and professional services
sectors contributed nearly 70% to the demand for office space in Shanghai.

The office market in Wuhan saw resumption of new supply, and net absorption has rebounded. According to market
research data, in the first half of 2025, the citywide new supply of Grade A office space reached 173,000 sq.m., pushing
the total stock to 3,128,000 sq.m.. Net absorption was 32,000 sq.m., representing a year-on-year increase of 138.1%. As
of the end of the second quarter, the vacancy rate was 40.6%, up by 1.9 percentage points year-on-year. The average rent
for Grade A office space was RMB77.8 per sq.m. per month, representing a year-on-year decrease of 10.7%. Demand for
corporate office upgrades continued to rise in the first half of the year, with technology and internet, professional services,
and manufacturing being the top three sectors in terms of demand. In particular, law firms showed a strong tendency to
expand their lease areas. Small-area products remained well accepted by the market.

The office market in Hangzhou saw a slowdown in new supply, and the demand side has improved. According to market
research data, in the first half of 2025, the citywide new supply of Grade A office space reached 100,000 sq.m., pushing
the total stock in the market to 2,850,000 sq.m.. Net absorption was 42,000 sq.m., representing a year-on-year increase of
38.1%. As of the end of the second quarter, the vacancy rate was 28.6%, up by 1.8 percentage points year-on-year. Rents
stood at RMB4.0 per sq.m. per day, representing a year-on-year decrease of 7.9%. The office market in Hangzhou has
maintained strong absorption for a long time, providing some support for rental levels. Relocation and upgrading demand
played a major role in the first half of the year, and leasing demand from the financial, retail trade and internet sectors
remained resilient.


RETAIL MARKET

Retail shopping malls in China witnessed slow growth in customer flow, with brands closing more stores than opening
new ones, leading to rental pressures and continuously rising vacancy rates. Although policy measures have driven
stronger sales growth than customer flow recovery, subsidy programmes have contributed to a moderate rebound in
consumption.

In the first half of 2025, Guangzhou witnessed one shopping mall located in Baiyun District launched on the market.
According to market research data, the total stock of retail malls in the city rose slightly to 7,632,000 sq.m.. In terms
of market demand, brands generally adopted a wait-and-see approach to lease expansion. Landlords strived to attract
customers through brand portfolio upgrades, layout optimisation and IP joint activities, thereby maintaining an overall
stable occupancy. According to market research data, as of the end of the second quarter, the citywide vacancy rate was
12.7%, substantially in line with the previous year.

Wuhan saw zero new supply of retail properties in the core business district. According to market research data, as of the
end of the second quarter, Wuhan’s core business district recorded an overall vacancy rate of 15.1%, substantially in line
with the previous year. This reflects a rebound in new store openings, benefiting from the recovery of consumption driven
by outdoor sports and the “trade-in of old consumer goods” subsidy policy.
                                                                                                                             7
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


CLOTHING WHOLESALE MARKET

In the first half of 2025, the overall apparel export trade was under pressure due to the tariff war, while domestic
market demand remained relatively weak. According to data from the General Administration of Customs, textile and
apparel exports reached RMB1,034.82 billion in the first half of 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.9%.
Specifically, textile exports totaled RMB506.81 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 3%, and apparel exports
totaled RMB528.01 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 1%. According to the monitoring results of the China
Commercial Circulation Association of Textile and Apparel, the prosperity index for managers of textile and apparel
wholesale markets nationwide in June stood at 49.95, unchanged from the previous period. The prosperity index for
merchants in wholesale markets was 49.68, down by 0.40 percentage point from the previous period, reflecting relatively
weak business confidence. Regarding sales channels, offline stores saw a slight decrease in customer flow, while
e-commerce sales remained generally stable. With the trend of online and offline integration, operational efficiency
becomes particularly important. Offline merchants need to proactively integrate new production factors such as live
streaming, cross-border e-commerce, AI and VR, build resilient supply chains, take advantage of expos, procurement
festivals and fashion weeks to drive online and offline two-way customer attraction, and integrate resources to promote
product innovation, so as to effectively resist external market risks and maintain robust growth.


HOTEL AND SERVICED APARTMENT MARKET

The Chinese Mainland hotel market presented a “differentiated competition” pattern in the first half of 2025. Due to the
continued inertia of weak consumption in 2024, domestic customer demand showed insufficient growth momentum,
with an emerging trend of tourism consumption downgrade, and the average spending per customer has been generally
declining. According to data from China’s National Immigration Administration, China recorded 13,640,000 visa-free
entries by foreigners (accounting for 71.2% of all inbound foreigners), representing a year-on-year increase of 53.9%.
With the increase in international routes and the implementation of convenient visa policies, the inbound tourism and
business traveler base continued to expand, injecting new vitality into the market. STR data indicated that in the first
half of 2025, revenue per available room (RevPAR) in the Mainland hotel market decreased by 5% year-on-year, with all
hotel categories experiencing varying degrees of decline. Specifically, the luxury hotel segment in Guangzhou recorded
an occupancy rate of 77.3%, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.1 percentage points; ADR and RevPAR were
RMB1,238.7 and RMB957.8, respectively, representing a year-on-year decrease of 4.7% and increase of 0.1%, respectively.


BUSINESS OPERATING STRATEGIES
The Manager’s business operation strategy is characterised by dynamic balance, lean efficiency, and risk prevention,
aiming to ensure stable and smooth operations in the current complex and volatile economic environment. With a holistic
perspective on the relationship between occupancy rates, rental levels, tenant structure and property value, the Manager
develops flexible and diverse leasing strategies based on daily data monitoring and analysis, and seeks to optimise tenant
structure on an ongoing basis, with a view to achieving stable rental returns.




8
                                                                      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


In terms of office buildings, the Manager adjusted product standards in response to changes in market demand, increased
the supply of small area furnished units and promoted iterative upgrades of product standards, thereby effectively
shortening the tenant solicitation cycle. The business solicitation team strengthened daily communication and constructive
collaboration with government departments, industry associations, channel intermediaries and tenants to facilitate the
construction of a sustainable office ecosystem and amplify the industry influence of the Yuexiu office brand. The Manager
embedded the green, low-carbon, healthy and safe concept into all aspect of office operations, and comprehensively
introduced WELL standards to enhance health and human-centric care, highlighting its commitment to ESG sustainability.
Furthermore, the Manager has been proactively optimising the service offerings and improving service quality for its
properties to improve tenant satisfaction and tenant loyalty, thereby reinforcing project competitiveness.

In terms of retail shopping malls, the Manager optimised the brand portfolio in light of consumer trends, introducing
emerging brands in the sports and dining sectors. The Manager also created diverse scenarios such as “event-related
consumption”, “nighttime consumption” and “river view consumption” to boost sales. It was announced that China Duty
Free Group (CDFG) will set up a store in GZIFC Shopping Mall, which will be the first and currently the only downtown
duty-free store in Guangzhou, with the ambition to create a new landmark for duty-free shopping. Anchor tenants
including Uniqlo played a flagship role to attract customer flow for the building. The Manager actively created digitalised
consumption scenarios, and advanced the pilot implementation of the local lifestyle platform “Yuexiu Club”, boosting
member consumption. Well-received themed events were held to attract customers, which include a public welfare event
titled “Action for a Green Future, Kind Action brings Goodness (綠動未來，向善而行)” hosted to call on the public to
explore sustainable lifestyles.

In terms of wholesale market, the Manager proactively optimised the brand portfolio, strengthened the overall planning of
promotion campaigns for category zones and the refined operation of stores, continuously consolidated the “people, goods
and venues” management capabilities, and improved the standards of the operating system, thereby comprehensively
enhancing the overall operational efficiency. Brand award events were organised to empower tenant operations in
a targeted manner and increase merchant loyalty and operating efficiency. By integrating a “Fashion+” cross-sector
marketing ecosystem, the project creatively crafted new shopping scenarios, which effectively boosted the growth of
customer flow. With a core strategy of “group purchases to drive bulk purchases and ultimately transform into tenants’
revenue”, the project managed to build its dual driver of cultural, commercial and tourism resources alongside with
outreach to foreign purchasers through the Canton Fair. It also successfully launched the cross-border e-commerce
platform “White Horse Global E-Channel (白馬悅境通)” to activate new momentum for merchants’ digital operations.

In terms of the hotel, the Manager prioritised and prospectively developed marketing strategies for overseas markets.
Through targeted marketing, it continuously increased the proportion of high-net-worth foreign customers, driving room
revenue to a record high and solidifying the leading position of Four Seasons Hotel Guangzhou in the competitive luxury
hotel market of Guangzhou. In respect of catering services, the hotel remained committed to high quality and focused
on a “product upgrade, market promotion, and customer-oriented” approach to tap new potential for revenue growth,
as evidenced by the emerging effect of the phased adjustment strategy. The Chinese restaurant Yu Yue Heen and the
contemporary French restaurant CATCH have received Michelin awards for consecutive years, reflecting a high level of
market recognition.




                                                                                                                          9
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


In terms of the serviced apartments, the Manager comprehensively renovated furniture and appliances in guest rooms to
enhance customer experience, and received widespread recognition. It refined the customer base management strategy.
For long-stay rentals, it focused on stabilising customer base with leases of at least twelve months to ensure the stability
of the core long-stay clientele. For short-stay rentals, it leveraged the Ascott membership platform to drive the growth of
official website membership, while at the same time actively expanding overseas channels, promoting traffic conversion
and improving customer viscosity, which not only effectively boosted short-stay accommodation revenue but also drove
overall revenue to new heights and helped maintaining the market-leading competitiveness.


INVESTMENT AND FINANCIAL STRATEGY
The Manager’s investment development strategy focused on developing high development potential cities based on the
Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, achieving asset size growth through stable development, and expanding
the evaluation criteria for investment properties to include sustainable development performance. By taking into account
market developments and industry trends, the Manager will dynamically review the operation and investment returns of
its properties to ensure the market competitiveness of asset portfolio and strive to create steady and sustainable returns
for the Unitholders.

Yuexiu REIT implemented stable and prudent financial policies. As at 30 June 2025, the ratio of total borrowings to total
assets of Yuexiu REIT was 48.1%, which fell within the upper limit of 50% as stipulated in the REIT Code. The Manager
paid close attention to the changes in interest rates and exchange rates, proactively expanded capital channels, made
reasonable planning for overseas loans as they fall due in future and sought to obtain an appropriate average rate of
financing cost, thus ensuring the effective management of liquidity risks.

As for interest rate management, the Manager utilised the position of the RMB interest rate market to mitigate the impact
of fluctuations in overseas interest rates. A total of RMB3.23 billion in loans were obtained in the first half of 2025 to
refinance offshore HKD floating rate loans, taking advantage of the relatively low-cost of RMB financing to proactively
adjust the financing structure, thereby minimising the impact of the interest rate market. At the end of the first half of
2025, the financing interest rate exposure of Yuexiu REIT was approximately 14%, narrowing by 12 percentage points from
26% at the beginning of the year; the average financing cost was 3.33%, representing a decrease of 83 basis points from
4.16% at the beginning of the year; the average interest payment rate for the first half of the year was 3.92%, representing
a year-on-year decrease of 64 basis points from 4.56% in the first half of 2024.

With regard to foreign exchange management, the Manager has continuously introduced RMB financing to replace
Hong Kong dollar financing since 2023. As of the end of June 2025, RMB financing reached approximately RMB14.795
billion, accounting for 72% of total financing. At the end of June 2025, the foreign exchange exposure was equivalent to
approximately RMB5.77 billion, accounting for 28% of total financing. The Manager has also continued to further narrow
the exchange rate exposure by adjusting the financing structure and increasing the proportion of low-cost RMB financing
when appropriate.




10
                                                                     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


The Manager continued its work in maintaining a stable credit rating of Yuexiu REIT. As of the end of June 2025, based on
the confidence in Yuexiu REIT’s operating capability and stable cash flow expectation, two international rating agencies
(Standard & Poor and Fitch) granted Yuexiu REIT an investment-grade rating.

ASSET ENHANCEMENT STRATEGIES
The Manager implements strategic asset enhancement plans on an annual basis, regularly reviewing renovation needs
and comprehensively balancing costs and benefits, thereby maintaining a competitive advantage in the market and
increasing returns of the projects. Meanwhile, the Manager has targeted at the core demands of customers, continuously
refining products and services to ensure customer satisfaction and experience as well as maintain stable and reasonable
rental value of the properties. Additionally, through asset appreciation projects, the Manager is committed to enhancing
the energy-saving and carbon-reduction capabilities of properties, while elevating safety standards to support the
achievement of ESG goals. In the first half of the year, the Manager completed the upgrading and renovation project of
the restaurant at Ascott Serviced Apartments GZIFC, the upgrading and renovation project of the air-conditioning system
at White Horse Building, as well as the upgrading and renovation project of the public area on standard floors at Wuhan
Yuexiu Fortune Centre as scheduled.


SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
In the first half of 2025, the GZIFC Office and Yuexiu Financial Tower obtained the Platinum-level WELL certification with
outstanding performance, becoming the only two office buildings in Zhujiang New Town CBD of Guangzhou to receive both
LEED and WELL Platinum-level certifications. The GZIFC Shopping Mall, Fortune Plaza, City Development Plaza, Victory
Plaza, Wuhan Yuexiu Fortune Centre, Wuhan Starry Victoria Shopping Centre, Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower and Hangzhou
Victory all received recognition under the WELL Health-Safety Rating (WELL HSR). The widespread adoption of WELL
standards marks another key milestone in the mutual enhancement of the Manager’s ESG strategy and business strategy.




                                                                                                                        11
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)



PROSPECTS
Looking ahead to the second half of 2025, the world is highly concerned about the path and pace of interest rate cuts in
the US. The Manager expects the global economy to continue its moderate recovery in the second half of the year, though
complex and evolving geopolitical dynamics may lead to a slower global growth than expected at the beginning of the
year. China faces pronounced structural challenges during the transition and upgrading from old to new industries. The
investment sentiment, dampened by a contraction in real estate investment, has yet to recover, while the “rate race”
competition among emerging industries needs to be curbed effectively. Domestically, overall consumption remains
sluggish, despite the category divergence in consumer spending driven by “trade-in of old consumer goods” policy.
In 2025, the concluding year of the “14th Five-Year Plan”, China is expected to strengthen its policy support toward
technological development to drive industrial transformation and upgrading. By adopting the supportive consumption
policy and moderately accommodative monetary policy to expand domestic demand on the one hand, and implementing
“supply-side reform 2.0” to regulate the competitive environment on the other hand, China is expected to consolidate the
basic trend of China’s long-term positive economic growth.

With a focus on its main tasks of “boosting economic growth, ensuring security, hosting the National Games, and
improving quality”, Guangzhou will continue to advance high-quality development and accelerate the development of
the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. To this end, Guangzhou will prioritise industry development, build
a manufacturing-based city, expedite the establishment of a modernised industrial system aligned with the “12218”
strategy, actively foster new quality productive forces, and concentrate on building itself into an advanced manufacturing
hub in China. In the second half of the year, Guangzhou will continue to expand domestic demand by unleashing social
consumption vitality, while simultaneously expanding effective investment in high-tech industries, thereby accelerating
the integrated development of domestic and foreign trade and stabilising economic growth expectations. Guangzhou’s
GDP growth rate in 2025 is expected to stand at around 5%, with similar growth rates for fixed asset investment and total
retail sales of consumer goods, and total value of imports and exports is expected to grow at a rate of around 3%.

Guangzhou is expected to see more than 400,000 sq.m. of new supply of Grade A office space in the second half of 2025,
of which more than 60% originating from International Finance City and more than 30% from Pazhou, while Zhujiang New
Town is likely to maintain the existing stock in the short term. Due to the combined effects of weak demand and increased
supply, competition in the leasing market will become increasingly fierce and the vacancy rate will remain high, exerting
persistent pressure on rental levels. Over the next five years, International Finance City and Pazhou are projected to
remain the primary sources of new supply, collectively accounting for more than 95%.

The prime retail property market in Guangzhou is about to see a new supply of over 300,000 sq.m. in the second half
of 2025, primarily originating from Panyu, Liwan and other sub-core business districts, including phase I of the Swire
Properties Julong Wan Project (太古聚龍灣項目), which is scheduled to commence operation at the end of the year. Over
the next five years, new supply will also concentrate mainly in sub-core business districts. As for core business districts,
given the limited new supply, the decline in rents is expected to narrow benefiting from improved consumer sentiment
and brands upgrades.




12
                                                                     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


Due to the pressure on foreign trade and the intensified market competition, the clothing wholesale market in Guangzhou
will continue to be dominated by the “Matthew Effect” in the second half of 2025, with high-quality apparel trading
platforms expected to attract more tenants by virtue of their stronger resource integration and customer attraction
capabilities. In this context, scenario-based online channels have become one of the core competitive advantages of the
clothing wholesale market, including cross-border e-commerce platforms and live streaming sales channels. In recent
years, leveraging its well-established textile and apparel industry chain covering advanced industrial clusters, from
raw material trading, textile production, clothing design to product distribution, Guangdong has proactively pursued a
transformation toward personalisation, fashion, customisation, greenness and digitalisation, boasting highly competitive
products in overseas markets.

The hotel industry is expected to maintain positive signals in the second half of 2025. Despite the pressure presented by
declining room rates in the hotel industry, luxury hotels continue to demonstrate resilience thanks to their membership
schemes and service premiums. From the perspective of customer sources, the domestic demand for travel and vacations
among high-net-worth individuals remained strong, and business activities created a stable business customer base,
while China’s visa-free entry policy has encouraged the growth in foreign travelers, all of which have generated solid
demand for luxury hotels. In contrast, the catering operations were subject to the direct impact of consumption downgrade
and decreased wedding-related activities, making it difficult to recover to the revenue levels of 2019, calling for service
quality improvement as well as effective cost control.

Shanghai will continue to focus on developing itself into an international economic centre, financial centre, trade centre,
shipping centre, and technological innovation centre, aiming to create a modern industrial system that integrates
technological innovation and industrial innovation. Shanghai will facilitate the in-depth implementation of the “Shanghai
plans” for the development of integrated circuits, biomedicine and AI, and accelerate the development of the AI industry.
Strategic emerging industries and future industries, including low-altitude economy, new energy vehicles and robotics,
will seize the market opportunities to pursue rapid development. The GDP growth target for Shanghai in 2025 is set at
around 5%.

In the second half of 2025, Shanghai Grade A office market will witness over one million square meters of new supply
concentrating in secondary and non-core business districts, with vacancy rate rising accordingly. Rental rates of Grade A
offices in Shanghai are expected to decline in the short term.

With a focus on the construction of a technological innovation centre with national influence, Wuhan will concentrate its
efforts to promote the upgrading of two national innovation centres, namely national opto-electronic information, digital
design and manufacturing innovation centres, while promoting the development of a national pilot area for AI innovative
applications with high standards, and cultivating and expanding emerging industrial clusters. Wuhan will also seek to
expand the scope of the “trade-in of old consumer goods” policy, with an aim to stimulate consumption potential and boost
domestic demand. The GDP growth target for Wuhan in 2025 is set at around 6%.




                                                                                                                         13
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


In the second half of 2025, Wuhan’s Grade A office market is expected to see over 230,000 sq.m. of prime grade-A offices
delivered and launched on the market, further intensifying market competition. Over the next three years, rental rates of
Grade A offices in Wuhan are likely to extend the downward trend, with vacancy pressure persisting notably.

Guided by the goal of building itself as “a city with higher levels of innovation vitality”, Hangzhou will focus on the
upgrading of advanced manufacturing, prioritising the development of five future industries: general artificial intelligence,
low-altitude economy, humanoid robots, brain-inspired intelligence and synthetic biology, while establishing a distinctive
modern service industry system, injecting new momentum into the city’s high-quality development. The GDP growth target
for Hangzhou in 2025 is set at around 5.5%.

Hangzhou will see seven office projects totaling over 550,000 sq.m. delivered and launched on the market in the second
half of 2025, including premium projects such as Hangzhou IFC and Hangzhou Highlong Plaza. Due to increased supply, it
is expected that the city-wide rental rates will remain under pressure in the near future.

The management team is cautiously optimistic that with the combination of its premium portfolio of properties coupled
with its professional asset management team, and with a focus on strengthening its “four-dimensional capabilities”
in product quality, tenant acquisition, operational efficiency, and service excellence, Yuexiu REIT will keep abreast of
economic development trends to tap the industrial development potential. It will further attract customer flows through
innovating cross-sector consumption scenarios, empower tenant acquisition and operation with digital technology, keenly
grasp the potential investment opportunities to steadily optimise debt structure, and expand financing opportunities in
the capital market to reduce financing costs. In view of the above, the Manager remains confident that it will continue to
deliver stable return to the Unitholders.


APPRECIATION
We would like to take this opportunity to express our sincere gratitude to the Directors, senior management and staff
for their dedicated hard work in the development of Yuexiu REIT, and our heartfelt thanks to all Unitholders, tenants and
business partners for their strong support for Yuexiu REIT.




JIANG GUOXIONG
Chairman

Hong Kong, 14 August 2025




14
                                                                         YUEXIU REIT PROFILE

PROFILE OF YUEXIU REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST (“YUEXIU REIT”)
Yuexiu REIT is a Hong Kong real estate investment trust that was constituted by a trust deed entered into on 7 December
2005 (“Trust Deed”) between HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited as the trustee (“Trustee”) and Yuexiu REIT
Asset Management Limited as the manager of Yuexiu REIT (“Manager”) as modified by a First Supplemental Deed dated 25
March 2008, Second Supplemental Deed dated 23 July 2010, Third Supplemental Trust Deed dated 25 July 2012, Fourth
Supplemental Deed dated 3 April 2020 and Fifth Supplemental Trust Deed dated 28 May 2021 and made between the
same parties. Yuexiu REIT was listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Stock Exchange”) on 21 December
2005 (“Listing Date”).

Yuexiu REIT’s property portfolio (“Properties”) consists of six commercial properties located in Guangzhou, one commercial
property located in Shanghai, one commercial property located in Wuhan, one commercial property located in Hangzhou
and two floors of commercial building located in Hong Kong. Yuexiu REIT is the first listed real estate investment trust in
the world which invests in real property in mainland of the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”).




                                                                                                                         15
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




DISTRIBUTION

In accordance with the Trust Deed, Yuexiu REIT is required to distribute no less than 90% of Total Distributable Income to
the Unitholders. The Manager has intended to distribute to the Unitholders an amount equal to 100% of Yuexiu REIT’s Total
Distributable Income and Additional Item (as defined in the Offering Circular issued to Unitholders dated 30 June 2012) for
the Interim Period of 2025.

The Manager also has the discretion under the Trust Deed, where there are surplus funds, to distribute additional
amounts. At the time of announcing the distribution for any particular year, the Manager shall consider whether to
exercise such discretion having regard to factors including but not limited to Yuexiu REIT’s funding requirements, its
earnings and financial position, its growth strategies, operating and capital requirements, compliance with relevant laws,
regulations and covenants (including existing limitations on borrowings as prescribed in the REIT Code), other capital
management considerations, the overall stability of distributions and prevailing industry practices.

In light of the above, the Manager has determined that an interim distribution to Unitholders for the Interim Period will be
approximately RMB0.0333 which is equivalent to Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”) 0.0366 (June 2024: approximately RMB0.0371
which was equivalent to HK$0.0405) per unit. Such interim distribution per unit, however, is subject to adjustment once
new units are issued to the Manager (in satisfaction of the Manager’s fee) prior to the record date for the 2025 interim
distribution. A further announcement will be made to inform Unitholders of the interim distribution per unit for the six
months ended 30 June 2025.

The total 2025 interim distribution amounted to approximately RMB171,141,000 which is equivalent to HK$188,201,000
(June 2024: approximately RMB185,247,000 which was equivalent to HK$202,036,000), includes an amount of
approximately RMB62,755,000 (June 2024: RMB85,136,000), that is capital in nature. The total distribution amount for the
Interim Period comprises the distributable amount calculated pursuant to the formula set out in the Trust Deed plus a
further distribution of approximately RMB3,137,000 having regard to the abovementioned discretion of the Manager under
the Trust Deed to distribute excess amounts where it has surplus funds. Further details regarding the breakdown of the
total distributable amount are set out in the Distribution Statement of this announcement.

Distribution payable to Unitholders is paid in Hong Kong dollar. The exchange rate adopted by the Manager is the
average central parity rate, as announced by the People’s Bank of China, for the five business days preceding the date of
declaration of distribution.


DISTRIBUTION PER UNIT

Distribution to Unitholders for the Interim Period is HK$0.0366 per unit (June 2024: HK$0.0405), representing a yield of
approximately 4.21% (28 June 2024: 4.26%) based on the closing price of HK$0.87 per unit as at 30 June 2025 (28 June
2024: HK$0.95). This represents an annualized distribution yield of 8.42%.


CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF UNITHOLDERS
The record date for the interim distribution will be 11 September 2025. The register of Unitholders will be closed from 11
September 2025 to 12 September 2025, during which period no transfer of units will be effected. In order to qualify for the
distribution, all Unit certificates with the completed transfer forms must be lodged with Yuexiu REIT’s unit registrar, Tricor
Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Center, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, no later than 4:30 p.m. on 10
September 2025. The 2025 interim distribution will be paid on 24 October 2025 to the Unitholders whose names appear
on the register of Unitholders on 11 September 2025.



16
                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

BUSINESS REVIEW
In the first half of 2025, global economic growth slowed down as the United States launched a tariff war around the
world, trade policy uncertainty increased significantly, and the geopolitical situation deteriorated sharply. Given the
ongoing inflationary pressure, the US Federal Reserve did not lower the interest rate in the first half of the year. Faced
with the escalating internal and external risk factors, China has introduced “trade-in” subsidy policies to stimulate
consumption, initiated “supply-side structural reform 2.0” to regulate the order in market competition, promoted the
healthy development of new quality productive forces to foster emerging production capacity, and continued the moderate
accommodative monetary policy with a reduction of 10 basis points in the Loan Prime Rate (LPR) in the first half of 2025.
According to the National Bureau of Statistics, China’s gross domestic product (GDP) in the first half of 2025 increased by
5.3% year-on-year, showing an overall stable and improving trend. In particular, the added value of the tertiary industry
grew by 5.5% year-on-year, contributing 60.2% to the economic growth. From the demand side, consumer expenditure
was the main driving force, contributing 52.0% to economic growth, while export trade showed remarkable resilience, with
net exports of goods and services contributing 31.2% to economic growth.

In the first half of 2025, the office building market continued to see a trend of pursuing “cost reduction and efficiency
improvement”, and corporate expansion remained cautious and slow. For retail malls and clothing wholesale markets,
merchants have been subjected to increased operating pressure stemming from weak consumption. For high-end
hotels and serviced apartments, average daily rate (ADR) was under pressure due to the direct impact of consumption
downgrading. In order to effectively deal with the headwinds in the industry, the Manager took strategic actions to secure
market share, strengthened risk control by renewing leases in advance, invested in asset appreciation projects to enhance
product competitiveness, and adopted comprehensive measures to stabilise the fundamentals of operations, which
effectively supported the revenue of Yuexiu REIT for the interim period. The Manager is pleased to see lower financing
cost, which is beneficial to the distribution.




                                                                                                                         17
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



PROPERTY PORTFOLIO
As of 30 June 2025, Yuexiu REIT’s portfolio of properties consisted of ten properties, namely, White Horse Building Units
(“White Horse Building”), Fortune Plaza Units and certain Carpark Spaces (“Fortune Plaza”), City Development Plaza Units
and certain Carpark Spaces (“City Development Plaza”), Victory Plaza Units (“Victory Plaza”), Guangzhou International
Finance Center (“GZIFC”), Yuexiu Financial Tower (“Yuexiu Financial Tower”), located in Guangzhou; Yue Xiu Tower
(“Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower”), located in Shanghai; Wuhan Yuexiu Fortune Centre, Starry Victoria Shopping Centre and
certain Carpark Spaces (“Wuhan Properties”), located in Wuhan; Hangzhou Victory Business Center Units and certain
Carpark Spaces (“Hangzhou Victory”), located in Hangzhou; and 17th and 23rd Floors of Yue Xiu Building Units (“17th
and 23rd Floors of Hong Kong Yue Xiu Building”), located in Hong Kong. The total gross floor area of the properties was
1,184,156.5 sq.m. and the total rentable area was 803,984.1 sq.m. (excluding 1,408.3 sq.m. of parking space of Fortune
Plaza; 2,104.3 sq.m. of parking space of City Development Plaza; 91,460.9 sq.m. of hotel, 51,102.3 sq.m. of serviced
apartments, 76,512.3 sq.m. of parking space, and 7,752.5 sq.m. of other ancillary facilities area of GZIFC; 13,502.6 sq.m.
of parking space and 2,610.4 sq.m. of specific purpose area of Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower; 62,785.7 sq.m. of parking space
and 12,415.1 sq.m. of common facilities area of Wuhan Properties; 17,663.6 sq.m. of parking space of Hangzhou Victory;
10,289.1 sq.m. of parking space and 29,797.1 sq.m. of common facilities area of Yuexiu Financial Tower, and the following
statistics of both aggregate rented area and occupancy rate have excluded the above areas).


PROPERTY VALUATION
On 30 June 2025, revaluation of the portfolio of properties of Yuexiu REIT was carried out by Savills Valuation and
Professional Services Limited (“Savills”), an independent professional valuer, and the revalued market value was
approximately RMB41.889 billion.




18
                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


The following table summarises the valuation of each of the properties as at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024:


                                                                  Valuation as at   Valuation as at
                                                                         30 June      31 December          Increase/
Name of Property                                                            2025              2024         (Decrease)
                                                                     RMB million       RMB million        Percentage

White Horse Building                                                       4,815             4,815                  —%
Fortune Plaza                                                              1,240             1,240                  —%
City Development Plaza                                                     1,006             1,022                (1.6)%
Victory Plaza                                                                959               959                  —%
GZIFC                                                                     18,934            18,990                (0.3)%
Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower                                                     2,868             2,918                (1.7)%
Wuhan Properties                                                           3,304             3,359                (1.6)%
Hangzhou Victory                                                             626               625                 0.2%
Yuexiu Financial Tower                                                     8,049             8,284                (2.8)%
17th and 23rd Floors of
  Hong Kong Yue Xiu Building                                                  88                96                (8.3)%

Total                                                                     41,889            42,308                (1.0)%




                                                                                                                       19
               Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


Particulars of the properties are as follows:

                                                                                                                              Property
                                                                                  Year of    Gross Floor      Rentable       Occupancy      Number
 Property                   Type                      Location                Completion           Area           Area           Rate(1)   of Lease(1)     Unit Rent(1)
                                                                                                 (sq.m.)        (sq.m.)                                  (RMB/sq.m./
                                                                                                                                                               month)
 White Horse Building       Wholesale mall            Yuexiu District,              1990       50,199.3       50,128.9          95.0%            857            445.1
                                                        Guangzhou
 Fortune Plaza              Grade A office            Tianhe District,              2003       42,763.5       41,355.2(2)       88.0%            108            141.8
                                                        Guangzhou
 City Development Plaza Grade A office                Tianhe District,              1997       44,501.7       42,397.4(3)       89.4%             79            133.3
                                                        Guangzhou
 Victory Plaza              Retail shopping mall      Tianhe District,              2003       27,698.1       27,262.3          96.2%             28            196.3
                                                        Guangzhou
 GZIFC                      Commercial complex        Tianhe District,              2010      457,356.8      230,266.9          85.4%            239            214.8
                                                        Guangzhou
 Including:                 Grade A office                                                    267,804.4      183,539.6(4)       82.6%            183            229.6
                            Retail shopping mall                                               46,989.2       46,727.3          96.4%             56            165.1
                            Hotel                                                              91,460.9(5)        N/A             N/A            N/A             N/A
                            Serviced apartments                                                51,102.3           N/A             N/A            N/A             N/A
 Shanghai Yue               Grade A office            Pudong New District,          2010       62,139.4       46,026.3(6)       87.2%            114            196.0
   Xiu Tower                                            Shanghai
 Wuhan Properties           Commercial complex        Qiaokou District,                       248,194.2      172,993.3          66.8%            205             63.4
                                                        Wuhan
 Including:                 Grade A office                                         2016       139,937.1      129,446.7(7)       61.5%            117             73.2
                            Retail shopping mall                                   2015        45,471.4       43,546.6(8)       82.4%             88             41.5
                            Commercial parking                                2015-2016        47,182.9           N/A             N/A            N/A             N/A
                              spaces
                            Residential parking                               2014-2016        15,602.8            N/A            N/A            N/A              N/A
                              spaces
 Hangzhou Victory           Grade A office            Shangcheng District,          2017       40,148.4       22,484.8(9)       88.7%             36            127.1
                                                        Hangzhou
 Yuexiu Financial           Grade A office            Tianhe District,              2015      210,282.9      170,196.8(10)      82.1%            192            194.2
   Tower                                                Guangzhou
 17th and 23rd Floors       Office                    Wanchai, Hong Kong            1985          872.2          872.2         100.0%               4           322.5
   of Hong Kong
   Yue Xiu Building

 Total                                                                                       1,184,156.5     803,984.1          82.2%          1,862            187.5



Notes:


(1)      As at 30 June 2025;

(2)      Excluding 1,408.3 sq.m. of parking space;


(3)      Excluding 2,104.3 sq.m. of parking space;


(4)      Excluding 76,512.3 sq.m. of parking space and 7,752.5 sq.m. of other ancillary facilities area;


(5)      Including 2,262.0 sq.m. of hotel ancillary facilities area and refuge floor area;


(6)      Excluding 13,502.6 sq.m. of parking space and 2,610.4 sq.m. of specific purpose area (management office, owners’ committee office, bicycle parking
         space and refuge floor);


20
                                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


(7)       Excluding 10,490.3 sq.m. of common facilities area and refuge floor area;


(8)       Excluding 1,924.8 sq.m. of common facilities area;


(9)       Excluding 17,663.6 sq.m. of parking space;


(10)      Excluding 10,289.1 sq.m. of parking space and 29,797.1 sq.m. of common facilities area.



OCCUPANCY SLIGHTLY DECLINED
As at 30 June 2025, the overall occupancy rate of the properties was approximately 82.2%.

The following table sets out a comparison of occupancy rates in respect of all the properties between the Interim Period
and the corresponding period of previous year:


                                                                                                                                             Percentage
                                                                                                                                               (decrease)/
                                                                                               Occupancy                Occupancy               increase
                                                                                                rate as at               rate as at    as compared to
 Name of Property                                                                          30 June 2025          30 June 2024               30 June 2024

 White Horse Building                                                                                  95.0%                95.6%                 (0.6)%
 Fortune Plaza                                                                                         88.0%                94.2%                 (6.2)%
 City Development Plaza                                                                                89.4%                95.7%                 (6.3)%
 Victory Plaza                                                                                         96.2%                97.8%                 (1.6)%
 GZIFC Office                                                                                          82.6%                84.7%                 (2.1)%
 GZIFC Shopping Mall                                                                                   96.4%                98.4%                 (2.0)%
 Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower                                                                                87.2%                84.6%                  2.6%
 Wuhan Properties Office                                                                               61.5%                60.8%                  0.7%
 Wuhan Properties Shopping Mall                                                                        82.4%                88.7%                 (6.3)%
 Hangzhou Victory                                                                                      88.7%                95.1%                 (6.4)%
 Yuexiu Financial Tower                                                                                82.1%                82.9%                 (0.8)%
 17th and 23rd Floors of Hong Kong Yue Xiu Building                                                 100.0%                 100.0%                  0.0%

 Total                                                                                                 82.2%                84.0%                 (1.8)%



                                                                                                                               Average            Average
 Operational                                            Commencement                        Area of            No. of        Occupancy              Room
 Property                     Type                      of Operation                    Ownership              Units              Rate(1)           Rate(1)
                                                                                             (sq.m.)           (units)                              (RMB)

 Four Seasons Hotel           Five-star hotel           August 2012                        91,460.9              344             80.1%              2,201
      Guangzhou (2)
 Ascott Serviced              High-end serviced         September 2012                     51,102.3              314             92.3%              1,128
      Apartments                apartments
      GZIFC (2)




                                                                                                                                                         21
               Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


Notes:


(1)      From 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025;


(2)      Both hotel and serviced apartments are entrusted operation.



REVENUE SLIGHTLY DECREASED
During the Interim Period, the properties of Yuexiu REIT recorded total revenue of approximately RMB966.1 million,
representing a decrease of 6.6% as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year. White Horse Building,
Fortune Plaza, City Development Plaza, Victory Plaza, GZIFC, Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower, Wuhan Properties, Hangzhou
Victory, Yuexiu Financial Tower and 17th and 23rd Floors of Hong Kong Yue Xiu Building accounted for approximately
11.3%, 3.2%, 3.2%, 3.3%, 50.3%, 4.9%, 4.8%, 1.7%, 17.1% and 0.2% of the total revenue, respectively.

The following table sets out a comparison of revenue in respect of the Properties between the Interim Period and the
corresponding period of 2024:


                                                                                                                      (Decrease)/
                                                                                                                       Increase      (Decrease)/
                                                                      Revenue for              Revenue for          Compared to     Increase in
                                                                        the Interim             the Interim          the Interim      Revenue
                                                                          Period of                Period of           Period of      from the
 Name of Property                                                               2025                    2024               2024       Property
                                                                      RMB million              RMB million          RMB million     Percentage
 White Horse Building                                                          109.4                   111.4                (2.0)        (1.8)%
 Fortune Plaza       (i)
                                                                                 31.2                    41.5              (10.3)      (24.8)%
 City Development Plaza(i)                                                       30.8                    36.9               (6.1)      (16.5)%
 Victory Plaza     (i)
                                                                                 31.6                    40.5               (8.9)      (22.0)%
 GZIFC
      Office                                                                   201.7                   215.1               (13.4)        (6.2)%
      Retail shopping mall                                                       33.9                    34.9               (1.0)        (2.9)%
      Hotel                                                                    190.2                   194.4                (4.2)        (2.2)%
      Serviced apartment                                                         60.3                    60.0                0.3          0.5%
 Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower                                                          47.2                    49.0               (1.8)        (3.7)%
 Wuhan Properties                                                                46.3                    50.8               (4.5)        (8.9)%
 Hangzhou Victory                                                                16.7                    16.4                0.3          1.8%
 Yuexiu Financial Tower                                                        165.1                   181.7               (16.6)        (9.1)%
 17th and 23rd Floors of Hong Kong Yue
      Xiu Building                                                                1.7                      1.5               0.2         13.3%

 Total                                                                         966.1                 1,034.1               (68.0)        (6.6)%


Note:


(i)      Fortune Plaza, City Development Plaza and Victory Plaza recognised revenue from advertising spaces of RMB8 million, RMB4 million and RMB8
         million respectively in the interim period of 2024, with no such revenues in the Interim Period of 2025.



22
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



OFFICE – MATCHING DEMANDS TO CONSOLIDATE PRODUCT COMPETITIVENESS,
INTRODUCING AND RETAINING QUALITY TENANTS TO ENHANCE TENANT STRUCTURE,
AND IMPLEMENTING VARIOUS MEASURES TO STABILISE THE OCCUPANCY RATE
The office properties of Yuexiu REIT are located in four high-growth cities in Chinese Mainland (namely, Guangzhou,
Shanghai, Wuhan and Hangzhou) and Hong Kong. During the Interim Period, cities where the Mainland properties are
located witnessed an increase in supply with a weak demand for office building to varying degrees, which have generally
put pressure on project occupancy rates. Facing fierce competition, the Manager adhered to the principle of “one project,
one strategy, one dedicated team”. With setting the stabilisation of occupancy rates as the priority, the Manager actively
broadened tenant promotion channels, launched products such as furnished units, and small and medium-sized units
to meet market demand, introduced and retained quality tenants to enhance tenant structure, and consolidated market
competitiveness by leveraging the advantages of the properties. As of 30 June 2025, among office tenants, tenants with
backgrounds of the Fortune Global 500 companies and Fortune China 500 companies accounted for 37.5% of the rented
area.


GUANGZHOU

GZIFC: The office portion of the GZIFC commercial complex, which is a super grade A office building and one of the iconic
buildings and landmarks in the core area of Zhujiang New Town, Guangzhou. During the Interim Period, GZIFC achieved
positive growth in both customer flow and conversion rates through continuous product enhancement and operational
optimisation, with a newly contracted area of 13,133 sq.m., including a large area leased on one floor (trading business
sector). The newly launched 4,235 sq.m. of furnished units recorded an absorption cycle of only about 19 days and an
absorption rate close to 90%. Quality tenants introduced include a Fortune Global 500 company (in IT sector), a leading
global shipping company and a renowned Internet-based culture, sports and entertainment company, taking up more than
2,200 sq.m. in aggregate. In addition, the project recorded a renewed leasing area of 9,099 sq.m. and a renewal rate of 70%,
retaining quality tenants including 2 Fortune Global 500 companies (in the chemical and household appliances sectors) and
a foreign consulate. As at 30 June 2025, the occupancy rate of the office building of GZIFC was 82.6%, representing a year-
on-year decrease of 2.1 percentage points. In May, GZIFC was selected as one of the Top 30 companies in the “Performance
Index - 2025 Commercial Property Operation Performance (表現力指數·2025商辦資產運營表現)” by Guandian.




                                                                                                                          23
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


Yuexiu Financial Tower: A super grade A office building in the core area of Zhujiang New Town, Guangzhou. During the
Interim Period, the project recorded a newly contracted area of 7,448 sq.m., including a total of 1,500 sq.m. further took
up by seven existing tenants looking for expanded area. 7,089 sq.m. of furnished units were launched, with an absorption
cycle of approximately 38 days and an absorption rate of more than 65%. Quality tenants newly introduced include a
Fortune Global 500 company (in the insurance sector) and a futures company with a market value of over RMB10 billion.
As certain tenants relocated to their own properties, the project recorded a renewed leasing area of 10,303 sq.m. and a
renewal rate of 42%, with the retention of quality tenants with large leasing areas, including Deloitte, one of the Big Four
International Accounting Firms, and a leading integrated asset management company in China. As at 30 June 2025, the
occupancy rate of Yuexiu Financial Tower was 82.1%, substantially in line with that in previous year.

Fortune Plaza: During the Interim Period, the project recorded a newly contracted area of 2,354 sq.m., and introduced
quality tenants including several healthcare and elderly care subsidiaries of a Fortune Global 500 integrated financial
group, with the effect of upstream and downstream industrial clusters emerging. The project recorded a renewed leasing
area of 2,924 sq.m. and a renewal rate of 76%, retained quality tenants including a Fortune Global 500 company (in the
logistics sector) and flexibly adjusted units to match their demand for cost efficiency. As at 30 June 2025, the occupancy
rate of Fortune Plaza was 88.0%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.2 percentage points.

City Development Plaza: During the Interim Period, the project recorded a newly contracted area of 7,585 sq.m. and
introduced a beauty technology company to enhance the ambience of healthcare business in the building. Retention plans
were formulated in light of tenants in pursuit of cost efficiency, aimed at optimising product standards to meet tenant
needs. The project recorded a renewed leasing area of 2,090 sq.m. and a renewal rate of 68%, retained tenants including
the Guangzhou office of a globally-renowned Contract Research Organisation (CRO). As at 30 June 2025, the occupancy
rate of City Development Plaza was 89.4%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.3 percentage points.


SHANGHAI

Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower: During the Interim Period, the project recorded a renewed leasing area of 3,798 sq.m.,
with a renewal rate of 39%, while securing a newly contracted area of 3,933 sq.m., efficiently making up for the units
surrendering ahead of lease expiry. By replacing the energy-saving light tubes in the carpark spaces to enhance
brightness, the project enhanced both energy efficiency and service standards, thereby improving tenant satisfaction and
customer viscosity. As at 30 June 2025, the occupancy rate of Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower was 87.2%, representing a year-
on-year increase of 2.6 percentage points.




24
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


WUHAN

Wuhan Yuexiu Fortune Centre: The office portion of the commercial complex of Wuhan Properties. During the Interim
Period, the project recorded a newly contracted area of 12,395 sq.m., and introduced quality tenants including a member
of a leading global automobile group and a diversified professional services company. In addition, it recorded a renewed
leasing area of 10,884 sq.m. and a renewal rate of 81%, retained quality tenants with large leasing areas, including a
Fortune Global 500 state-owned enterprise (in the electric power engineering industry). The business solicitation team
optimised customers’ experience in visiting through partial micro-renovation of units, soft furnishing upgrades and
creation of AI model rooms to increase the conversion rate of customers. As at 30 June 2025, the occupancy rate of
Wuhan Yuexiu Fortune Centre was 61.5%, substantially in line with that in the previous year. Wuhan Yuexiu Fortune Centre
was awarded 2025 China Real Estate Commercial Management “Elite Business” Commercial Office Special Project Award
at the 9th New Gravity Summit held in June.


HANGZHOU

Hangzhou Victory: During the Interim Period, the project recorded a newly contracted area of 1,974 sq.m. and introduced
a tenant (in the IT sector) to take up an entire floor. In addition, it recorded a renewed leasing area of 6,083 sq.m. and a
renewal rate of 64%, retained quality tenants including a Fortune Global 500 construction engineering company and the
Zhejiang branch of a state-owned enterprise (in the transportation engineering industry) in Shanxi Province. As at 30 June
2025, the occupancy rate of Hangzhou Victory was 88.7%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.4 percentage points.


HONG KONG

17th and 23rd Floors of Hong Kong Yue Xiu Building: The project maintained an occupancy rate of 100% during the
Interim Period with solid operation performance.


RETAIL SHOPPING MALLS – INTRODUCING EMERGING BRANDS TO ENHANCE
CONSUMPTION AMBIENCE, ENGAGING IN CROSS-SECTOR COLLABORATION TO BOOST
CUSTOMER FLOW AND SALES, AND ACCURATELY MATCHING RESOURCES TO EMPOWER
MERCHANT OPERATIONS
The retail mall properties of Yuexiu REIT are located in two high-growth cities in Chinese Mainland (Guangzhou and
Wuhan). Driven by “trade-in” comsumption subsidy policies, domestic consumption activity improved, with the June 2025
Consumer Price Index (CPI) turning positive year-on-year, and total retail sales of consumer goods boosted by 5.0% year-
on-year in the first half of 2025. In comparison, consumption in core business districts remained strong, with outdoor
sports and trendy entertainment economies driving a notable consumption vitality. During the Interim Period, the Manager
adjusted brand mix in line with consumption trends, created consumption scenarios through cross-sector collaboration,
and empowered merchant operations in multiple ways.




                                                                                                                          25
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


GUANGZHOU

GZIFC Shopping Mall: The retail shopping mall of the commercial complex of GZIFC, which is a premium retail shopping
mall in the core area of Zhujiang New Town, Guangzhou. During the Interim Period, it was announced that China Duty Free
Group (CDFG) will set up a store in GZIFC Shopping Mall, which will be the first and currently the only downtown duty-free
store in Guangzhou which is expected to open in the third quarter, with the target of creating a new landmark for duty-free
shopping. The project actively created digitalised consumption scenarios, advanced the pilot implementation of the local
lifestyle platform “YueXiu Club”, which now covers 12 merchants, while attracting customers through multiple channels
such as Dianping and UnionPay QuickPass platforms. During the Interim Period, newly contracted area and renewed
leasing area totaled 5,734 sq.m., with a renewal rate of 97%. As at 30 June 2025, the occupancy rate stood at 96.4%,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 2 percentage points, yet maintaining a high level occupancy.

Victory Plaza: A premium retail shopping mall located in the core business district of Tiyu West Road, Tianhe District,
Guangzhou. During the Interim Period, its anchor tenant, Uniqlo, continued to play a flagship role by launching its C-series
products, and hosted the first “A Better Life” campaign of Uniqlo (優衣庫美好生活市集) in China, along with gigantic
Pokémon installations and A Better Life Music Event, from 28 March to 6 April. Customer flow reached a quarterly peak
during the events, driving a 7% year-on-year sales growth in April, contributing to a 0.3% year-on-year sales growth
during the Interim Period. By collaborating with tenants engaging in catering services to capitalise on increased sales with
a surging customer flow, the project drove a year-on-year increase of 0.6% in overall sales during the Interim Period. As
at 30 June 2025, the occupancy rate stood at 96.2%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.6 percentage points, yet
maintaining a high level occupancy.


WUHAN

Wuhan Starry Victoria Shopping Centre: The retail shopping mall of the commercial complex of Wuhan Properties. During
the Interim Period, faced with the significant impact of the weak consumption, the business solicitation team actively
expanded tenant solicitation channels, with newly contracted area and renewed leasing area totalling 3,894 sq.m. and
a renewal rate of 82%. The project successfully introduced several popular food and beverage brands, including the
internet-famous brand “Domino’s” on the 1st floor of Hall A, to attract more family customer groups. The project tapped
into nighttime consumption by leveraging the unique appeal of “Joy Garden (悅花園)” on the 4th floor, continuously
developing initiatives like “Riverside Starry Night (江畔星夜)” and “Midnight Diner (深夜食堂)” to stimulate new sales
growth drivers. As at 30 June 2025, the occupancy rate stood at 82.4%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.3
percentage points.




26
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



WHOLESALE MARKET – ENHANCING “PEOPLE, GOODS AND VENUES” SYNERGY TO
CREATE NEW SCENARIOS BASED ON CROSS-SECTOR FASHION, UNLOCKING NEW
OPERATIONAL EFFICIENCIES
White Horse Building: The sole wholesale market under Yuexiu REIT, and one of Guangzhou’s iconic apparel wholesale
markets. During the Interim Period, White Horse Building introduced supply chain resources from the Pearl River Delta
and recorded a newly contracted area of 3,273 sq.m., with full occupancy on the 1st floor. White Horse Building focused
on four key dimensions – operational capability, product competitiveness, brand image and channel diversification, and
organised two election events, “Most Favoured Merchants by Purchasers (最受採購商喜愛商戶)” and “Most Favoured
Products by Purchasers (最受採購商喜愛產品)”, which attracted the participation of more than 200 merchants, aimed
at empowering quality merchants in a targeted manner. By integrating a “Fashion+” cross-sector marketing ecosystem,
White Horse Building creatively launched four major promotional campaigns in boosting more shopping scenarios:
anniversary celebration, May Day Golden Week, autumn and winter joint order fair, and mid-year promotion, which
effectively improved the growth of customer flow. With a core strategy of “group purchases to drive bulk purchases and
ultimately transform into tenants’ revenue”, White Horse Building managed to build its dual drivers to expand cultural,
commercial and tourism resources alongside with outreaching to foreign purchasers through the Canton Fair. In the first
half of 2025, it welcomed a total of 165 procurement delegations, along with recepting nearly 5,000 purchaser visits,
including 23 foreign delegations from France, Vietnam and other countries, and facilitated procurement deals worth of
RMB140 million. By taking advantage of exhibitions such as the Greater Bay Area International Women’s Wear Expo and
the Canton Fair, White Horse Building facilitated tenants’ transactions. It also successfully established the cross-border
e-commerce platform “White Horse Global E-Channel (白馬悅境通)” and set up a series of courses titled “White Horse
Business School Marketing Empowerment Camp” to activate new momentum for tenants’ digital operations. As at 30 June
2025, the occupancy rate stood at 95.0%, substantially in line with that in the previous year.


HOTEL AND SERVICED APARTMENTS – ROOM REVENUE REACHING A NEW RECORD HIGH,
AND RESTAURANTS RETAINING MICHELIN AWARDS
The hotel and serviced apartments of Yuexiu REIT form an integral part of the commercial complex of GZIFC, including
Four Seasons Hotel Guangzhou and Ascott Serviced Apartments GZIFC. According to data from China’s National
Immigration Administration, China recorded 38,053,000 foreigners entering and leaving the country in the first half
of 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 30.2%, which included 13,640,000 visa-free entries by foreigners,
representing a year-on-year increase of 53.9%. These inbound travellers effectively made up for the demand for high-end
hotel consumption.




                                                                                                                        27
            Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


Four Seasons Hotel Guangzhou: During the Interim Period, the average occupancy rate was 80.1%, representing a year-
on-year increase of 1.1 percentage points. The average room rate was RMB2,201, representing a year-on-year decrease
of 0.6% and 37.6% higher than that of the hotel competitors. The revenue per available room (RevPAR) was RMB1,762,
representing a year-on-year increase of 0.7%. The RevPAR competitive index was 111.7, maintaining a relatively leading
market position among luxury hotel competitors. Through various targeted promotions, Four Seasons Hotel Guangzhou
capitalised on the market demand of high-net-worth foreign customers, thus seizing a share of the high-end market and
successfully pushing room revenue to a record high for the same period. In respect of catering services, Four Seasons
Hotel Guangzhou focused on a “product upgrade, market promotion, and customer-oriented” approach to explore the
potential for revenue growth. The Chinese restaurant, Yu Yue Heen, retained its title of “one Michelin star” restaurant in
Guangzhou for 2025, while CATCH was awarded the 2025 “Michelin Guide Selected Restaurant” in Guangzhou, reflecting a
high level of market recognition.

Ascott Serviced Apartments GZIFC: During the Interim Period, the average occupancy rate was 92.3%, representing
a year-on-year increase of 1.8 percentage point and 9.7 percentage points higher than that of the serviced apartment
competitors. The average room rate was RMB1,128, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.5% and 7.2% higher than
that of the serviced apartment competitors. The RevPAR was RMB1,041, representing a year-on-year growth of 1.5%. The
RevPAR competitive index reached 120.0, maintaining a relatively leading market position among serviced apartment
competitors. Ascott Serviced Apartments GZIFC keenly grasped the changing trends of its customer groups, setting the
priority to stabilise the core long-stay customer group on the one hand, and actively expanding overseas channels to
promote the growth of short-stay customer groups on the other hand, thus successfully driving the revenue to a record
high for the same period.


ACTIVE PROMOTION OF PROJECTS FOR ASSET APPRECIATION, ACHIEVING VALUE
PRESERVATION AND APPRECIATION OF PROPERTIES
Every year, the Manager invests in a number of asset upgrading and renovation projects, with a view to continue to
improve product competitiveness, energy conservation and carbon reduction performance, and safety assurance level
of the asset portfolio. During the Interim Period, the Manager completed the upgrading and renovation project of the
restaurant at Ascott Serviced Apartments GZIFC, the upgrading and renovation project of the air-conditioning system
at White Horse Building, as well as the upgrading and renovation project of the public area on standard floors at Wuhan
Yuexiu Fortune Centre. In the second half of 2025, the Manager plans to continue investing in the following renovation
projects.

In terms of product competitiveness improvement, for office buildings, the Manager plans to renovate vacant units in
GZIFC, Yuexiu Financial Tower, Fortune Plaza, City Development Plaza, Wuhan Yuexiu Fortune Centre, Shanghai Yue Xiu
Tower and Hangzhou Victory to create furnished office units meeting market demand, which will effectively shorten the
tenant solicitation cycle and stabilise the rental level. For hotel and serviced apartments, the Manager plans to carry out
guest room upgrading project as well as replacement of soft-covered walls and ceiling refurbishment in the banquet hall
at Four Seasons Hotel Guangzhou, so as to elevate service quality. For public areas, the Manager plans to carry out the
maintenance and renovation project for the public areas of the office buildings at GZIFC, renovation and reconstruction
project of the public areas of the City Development Plaza and renovation project of certain public corridors on the 3rd to
27th floors at Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower.


28
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


In terms of equipment and facilities upgrades, the Manager plans to carry out the insulation replacement project for the
air-conditioning system from the 15th to the 28th floors of the main tower of GZIFC, the retrofit of certain air-conditioning
system terminal at Fortune Plaza, the upgrading and renovation project of the air-conditioning air handling units at
Victory Plaza, the retrofit of the air-conditioning equipment in Hall B of Wuhan Starry Victoria Shopping Centre, and the
replacement of chilled water pipes for the air-conditioning system at Yuexiu Tower.

In terms of safety and security enhancement, the Manager plans to carry out the renovation and refurbishment project
of the roof structure protective layer on the 103rd floor of Four Seasons Hotel Guangzhou, the upgrading and renovation
project of the smart evacuation lighting system at Ascott Serviced Apartments GZIFC, the replacement of storage-type
electric water heaters and the renovation of gas pressure regulating wells in the office buildings at GZIFC, the upgrading
and renovation project of the high-voltage cabinets and the replacement of terminal devices in the automatic fire alarm
system at White Horse Building, the replacement and renovation of transformers at City Development Plaza, the anti-
rust treatment of steel structures at Wuhan Yuexiu Fortune Centre, and the renovation of the marble pavement from the
Fushan Road exit to the Xiangcheng Road exit at Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower.


PROACTIVE MANAGEMENT IN FINANCING RISK AND EFFECTIVE STABILISATION IN
FINANCING COST
In terms of liquidity management, with regard to the short-term loan of RMB530 million and the 5-year syndicated loan
of HK$2.1 billion, both due in the first half of 2025, and other loans which are due within the year, the Manager in the first
half of 2025 renewed the short-term loan of RMB530 million, obtained offshore loan of RMB1.7 billion and issued dim sum
bonds of RMB1 billion for the refinancing and early repayment of the maturing loans so as to ensure effective monitor on
the liquidity risk.

As for interest rate management, in order to alleviate inflationary pressure, the United States has announced 11 interest
rate hikes in a row since 2022, with a cumulative increase of 525 basis points. Hong Kong dollar followed the sharp
interest rate hike, with significant increase in Hong Kong dollar interest rates simultaneously. Separately, in order to
boost domestic economic recovery, RMB interest rate cuts have been ongoing since the end of 2021, with the 1-year and
5-year domestic loan prime rates (LPRs) reducing by an aggregate of 85 basis points and 115 basis points, respectively.
The US Federal Reserve started interest rate hikes from 2022, but it has announced 3 interest rate cuts since September
2024 with a cumulative decrease of 100 basis points, and the Hong Kong dollar interest rates have fallen accordingly.
Subsequently, due to the release of liquidity by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority in late May 2025 and the expected IPOs
in the Hong Kong market, Hong Kong dollar enjoyed sufficient liquidity. At the end of June 2025, the 1-month HIBOR fell to
approximately 0.73%, a relatively low level in the past three years. Due to the pressure of factors such as inflation in the
United States and the international situation, the path of US dollar interest rate cuts remains unclear. Prevailing market
expectation indicates that overseas interest rates are likely to remain relatively high for a period of time. In the medium
and long term, RMB will maintain a certain financing spread advantage over Hong Kong dollar and US dollar.




                                                                                                                           29
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


Taking advantage of the position of the RMB interest rate market, the Manager continued to research various financing
instruments and actively adjusted the financing structure at a reasonable cost level to mitigate the impact of the interest
rate market on the operating results of Yuexiu REIT. A total of RMB3.23 billion in loans were obtained in the first half
of 2025 to refinance offshore HKD floating rate loans, taking advantage of the relatively low-cost of RMB financing to
proactively adjust the financing structure, thereby minimising the impact of the interest rate market. At the end of the
first half of 2025, the financing interest rate exposure of Yuexiu REIT was approximately 14%, narrowed by 12 percentage
points from 26% at the beginning of the year; the average financing cost was 3.33%, representing a decrease of 83 basis
points from 4.16% at the beginning of the year; the average interest payment rate for the first half of the year was 3.92%,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 64 basis points from 4.56% in the first half of 2024.

With regard to foreign exchange management, due to the combined effects of US dollar interest rate hikes and RMB
interest rate cuts since 2022, both US dollar and Hong Kong dollar appreciated significantly against RMB and are expected
to remain at relatively high levels. The Manager continued its focus on the market dynamics by adopting effective
management strategies, actively adjusted the financing structure and timely used foreign exchange hedging tool at
reasonable cost to monitor financing foreign exchange exposure.

RMB financing has been continuously introduced to replace Hong Kong dollar financing since 2023. At the end of June
2025, Yuexiu REIT RMB financing reached approximately RMB14,795 million, accounting for 72% of total financing
(corresponding period of 2024: RMB financing of approximately RMB8,404 million, accounting for 41% of total financing).
At the end of June 2025, the foreign exchange exposure of Yuexiu REIT was equivalent to approximately RMB5,770
million, accounting for 28% of total financing (corresponding period of 2024: foreign exchange exposure of approximately
RMB12,075 million, accounting for 59% of total financing). The Manager has also continued to further narrow the exchange
rate exposure by adjusting the financing structure and increasing the proportion of low-cost RMB financing when
appropriate.


INTEGRATING ESG INTO BUSINESS AND PROMOTING SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
The Manager continued to promote the deep integration of ESG standards into business development, enhance lean
management efficiency and advance sustainable development. During the Interim Period, multiple properties under Yuexiu
REIT achieved milestone breakthroughs by obtaining the WELL Building Standard recognition, marking another active
exploration and practical achievement in the ESG field of commercial real estate in China. Specifically, the GZIFC Office
and Yuexiu Financial Tower obtained the Platinum-level WELL certifications with outstanding performance, becoming
the only two office buildings in Zhujiang New Town CBD of Guangzhou to receive both LEED and WELL Platinum-level
certifications. The GZIFC Shopping Mall, Fortune Plaza, City Development Plaza, Victory Plaza, Wuhan Yuexiu Fortune
Centre, Wuhan Starry Victoria Shopping Centre, Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower and Hangzhou Victory all received recognitions
under the WELL Health-Safety Rating (WELL HSR).




30
                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


In the first half of 2025, China suffered from frequent high temperature. According to the China Meteorological
Administration, the national average temperature in June even hit a record high compared to the previous corresponding
periods, indicating the impact of climate change on the daily life of everyone. The properties under Yuexiu REIT
continuously strengthened equipment and facility management, enhanced digital energy consumption monitoring
capabilities, and regularly conducted safety emergency drills, integrating the concept of sustainable development into the
details of daily operations. From April to May, GZIFC successfully hosted a public welfare event titled “Action for a Green
Future, Kind Action brings Goodness (綠動未來，向善而行)”, collaborating with tenants, merchants and public welfare
organisations to launch themed activities such as dialogues exploring sustainable lifestyles, sustainable lifestyle art
exhibitions, experience activities of coffee grounds recycling for planting, and sustainable lifestyle markets, calling on the
public to explore sustainable lifestyles.


OUTLOOK
On the one hand, the market generally hopes for further interest rate cuts by the US Federal Reserve in the second half of
2025, though the path and extent remain uncertain. On the other hand, 2025 marks the concluding year of China’s “14th
Five-Year Plan”, with policies prioritising stability, including moderate accommodative monetary policies and “trade-
in” consumption subsidy policies aimed at expanding domestic demand to stimulate market vitality. Consequently, the
Manager expects the RMB interest rate to remain at a relatively low level. With the accelerated development of new
quality productive forces and the advancement of supply-side reforms in China, the Manager expects that new industrial
momentum will continue to emerge and business environment will improve. The highly anticipated 15th National Games
is scheduled to open in Guangzhou in the second half of 2025, which is expected to boost consumption in shopping malls
and demand for hotels and apartments.

In the second half of 2025, the Manager will keep abreast of economic development trends and dynamically implement
proactive, prudent and flexible leasing strategies, keenly seize potential opportunities, and continuously enhance the
market competitiveness of asset portfolio. The Manager will continue to review and make reasonable adjustments to its
financing structure depending on expectations of market developments, and introduce low-cost RMB financing through
various RMB financing channels to seek more favourable financing costs to offset interest rate risks. Additionally, the
Manager will carry out relevant asset appreciation projects as planned, with reasonable planning and phased renovation
of the guest rooms at Four Seasons Hotel Guangzhou. By focusing on product enhancement, equipment renewal and
safety guarantee, the Manager aims to achieve value preservation and appreciation of the properties and ensure the
sound operation of the projects.




                                                                                                                           31
            Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



FINANCIAL REVIEW
FINANCIAL RESULTS

During the Interim Period, gross income was lower than the corresponding period of 2024. The following is a summary of
Yuexiu REIT’s financial results during the Interim Period:


                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2025                    2024     (Decrease)/
                                                                         Unaudited           Unaudited          Increase
                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000
Gross income                                                               966,148           1,034,091             (6.6)%

Hotel and serviced apartments direct expenses                             (156,425)           (156,242)             0.1%
Leasing agents’ fee                                                        (21,990)                (24,212)        (9.2)%
Property related taxes (Note 1)                                           (105,328)           (108,949)            (3.3)%
Other property expenses (Note 2)                                            (3,369)                 (2,023)        66.5%

Total property operating expenses                                         (287,112)           (291,426)            (1.5)%

Net property income                                                        679,036             742,665             (8.6)%

Withholding tax                                                            (20,257)                (23,020)       (12.0)%
Depreciation and amortization                                              (67,590)                (70,487)        (4.1)%
Manager’s fees                                                             (83,964)                (85,136)        (1.4)%
Trustee’s fees                                                              (6,275)                 (6,350)        (1.2)%
Other trust expenses (Note 3)                                               32,875                  (5,622)     (684.8)%

Total non-property operating expenses                                     (145,211)           (190,615)           (23.8)%

Profit before finance income,
     finance expenses and tax                                              533,825             552,050             (3.3)%
Finance income                                                              10,568                 16,013         (34.0)%
Finance expenses                                                          (461,117)           (476,243)            (3.2)%

Profit before tax                                                           83,276                 91,820          (9.3)%
Income tax expenses                                                          4,851                 (89,520)     (105.4)%

Net profit after tax before fair
     value loss on investment
     properties and fair value gain
     on derivative financial instruments                                    88,127                  2,300       3,731.6%
Fair value loss on investment properties                                  (425,546)                (69,471)       512.6%
Fair value gain on derivative financial instruments                             —                  26,642       (100.0)%

Net loss after tax before
     transactions with unitholders                                        (337,419)                (40,529)       732.5%


32
                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


Note 1    Property related taxes include real estate tax, land use right tax, urban construction and maintenance tax, education surcharge, local education
          surcharge and stamp duties etc..


Note 2    Other property expenses include valuation fee, insurance premium, impairment allowance and other expenses incurred at the level of the
          properties.


Note 3    Other trust expenses include audit fees, printing charges, unit registrar ’s fees, legal advisory fees, exchange differences from operation, value
          added tax, Manager’s fee adjustment and miscellaneous expenses.


Gross income comes from office, wholesales, retails, hotel and serviced apartments. The following table shows an
analysis of gross income:


                                                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                      Mainland
(RMB’000)                                                                  China            Hong Kong                      2025                    2024

Office                                                                 529,873                    1,689                531,562                 581,741
Wholesales                                                             109,353                         —               109,353                 111,381
Retails                                                                  74,805                        —                 74,805                  86,583
Hotel and serviced apartments                                          250,428                         —               250,428                 254,386

Total                                                                  964,459                    1,689                966,148               1,034,091



During the Interim Period, net property income amounted to approximately RMB679,036,000 (June 2024: RMB742,665,000),
being the income after deduction of hotel and serviced apartments direct expenses, property related taxes, leasing agents’
fees and other property operating expenses, representing approximately 70.3% (June 2024: 71.8%) of total gross income.
The table below sets out an analysis of net property income:


                                                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                      Mainland
(RMB’000)                                                                  China            Hong Kong                      2025                    2024

Office                                                                 439,079                    1,681                440,760                 487,453
Wholesales                                                               91,967                        —                 91,967                  93,848
Retails                                                                  62,310                        —                 62,310                  73,034
Hotel and serviced apartments                                            83,999                        —                 83,999                  88,330

Total                                                                  677,355                    1,681                679,036                 742,665



Hotel and serviced apartments direct expenses were RMB156,425,000 (including depreciation expense of approximately
RMB5,951,000 incurred in connection with right-of-use assets and interest expense of RMB182,000 incurred in connection
with lease liabilities), an increase of 0.1% as compared with six months ended 30 June 2024. It was mainly due to an
increase in the labor cost from hotel.

Leasing agents’ fee decreased by approximately 9.2% as compared with six months ended 30 June 2024. It was mainly
due to a decrease of rental income.




                                                                                                                                                         33
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


Property related taxes decreased by approximately 3.3% as compared with six months ended 30 June 2024. It was mainly
due to a decrease of rental income.

As the hotel and serviced apartments were booked as fixed assets, they incurred the depreciation and amortization
charge.

Other trust expenses decreased by approximately 684.8% as compared with six months ended 30 June 2024. It was
mainly due to the Manager’s fee adjustment of approximately RMB43,293,000 (June 2024: RMB7,354,000). Excluding
this Manager’s fee adjustment income, other trust expenses incurred for the Interim Period amounted to approximately
RMB10,418,000 (June 2024: approximately RMB12,976,000, excluding the Manager’s fee income), representing a decrease
of approximately 19.7% year-on-year.

The finance income received for the Interim Period amounted to approximately RMB10,568,000 (June 2024:
RMB16,013,000).

As RMB appreciated against HK$ and USD for the Interim Period, the bank borrowings and guaranteed medium term
notes denominated in United States Dollar resulted in an exchange loss of approximately RMB58,231,000. Excluding the
exchange loss, the finance expenses incurred for the Interim Period amounted to approximately RMB402,886,000 (June
2024: Excluding the exchange loss, the finance expenses were approximately RMB465,628,000). The average one-month
Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate (“HIBOR”) for the first half of 2025 was 2.88%, which was lower than that of the first
half of 2024 by approximately 163 basis points and led to a decrease of interest expenses on the floating portion of debt.

Loss after tax before transactions with Unitholders amounted to approximately RMB337,419,000 (June 2024: loss of
approximately RMB40,529,000), which represented an increase of approximately 732.5%, mainly due to a fair value loss
on investment properties.




34
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


NEW UNITS ISSUED AND UNIT ACTIVITY

In respect of the settlement of Manager’s fee for the period from 1 July 2024 to 31 December 2024, Yuexiu REIT issued
50,348,379 new units at HK$0.85 per unit on 1 April 2025. As at 30 June 2025, a total of 5,141,086,550 units were issued
by Yuexiu REIT.

The unit price of Yuexiu REIT reached a high of HK$0.95 and a low of HK$0.67 during the Interim Period. The average
trading volume amounted to approximately 3,281,000 units per day (June 2024: 3,307,000 units) during the Interim Period.


DEFERRED MANAGER FEE UNITS

Referring to an announcement on 24 March 2024, RMB3,275,674 (which is equivalent to approximately HK$3,610,473)
has been deferred and settled by issuing another tranche of new Units at the applicable Market Price at such later date(s)
which the REIT Manager considers is in the interests of the independent Unitholders provided the Trustee has no objection
to such issuance.

Referring to an announcement on 2 September 2024, RMB19,393,162 (which is equivalent to approximately
HK$21,238,815) has been deferred and settled by issuing another tranche of new Units at the applicable Market Price
at such later date(s) which the REIT Manager considers is in the interests of the independent Unitholders provided the
Trustee has no objection to such issuance.


DEFERRED UNITS

According to the offering circular in relation to the acquisition of GZIFC dated 30 June 2012, commencing from 31
December 2016, the Yuexiu REIT will, on 31 December of each year, issue to Yuexiu Property Company Limited (“YXP”) (or
YXP Nominee) such number of Deferred Units as shall be equal to the maximum number of Units that may be issued to
YXP (or YXP Nominee) and its concert parties which, when aggregated with the Manager Fee Units that are expected to be
issued during the period of 12 months after the relevant Issue Date, will not trigger an obligation on the part of YXP (and
parties acting in concert with it) to make a mandatory general offer under Rule 26 of the Takeovers Code for all units not
already owned or agreed to be acquired by them at the relevant time.

As stated in the circular dated 13 November 2021 (“2021 Circular”), in light of the subscription price of the Rights Issue
(being HK$3.20) being at a discount greater than 10% of the average of the daily closing prices of the Units for the five
consecutive trading days preceding the date of the 2021 Announcement (being HK$3.67), the Deferred Units Issue Price
shall be adjusted by multiplying the current Deferred Units Issue Price (being HK$4.00 per Unit) by the fraction as set
out under the Indebtedness Agreement and further described in the 2021 Circular (the “Deferred Units Issue Price
Adjustment”). The Deferred Units Issue Price Adjustment has taken effect upon the completion of the Rights Issue, which
has taken place on 26 January 2022.

Accordingly, assuming no other Deferred Units Adjustment Events eventuate, the balance of the Assignment consideration
will be settled by the issuance of 212,808,584 Deferred Units in aggregate at HK$3.861652 per Unit.




                                                                                                                         35
            Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


NET ASSET VALUE

The net assets (including net assets attributable to deferred Unitholders) attributable to existing Unitholders per unit as at
30 June 2025 was approximately RMB2.82 (as at 31 December 2024: RMB2.91).

CAPITAL AND FINANCIAL STRUCTURE
Yuexiu REIT’s borrowings are as follows:


                                                                                                    As at              As at
                                                                                                30 June       31 December
                                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000

Bank borrowings and notes
     Denominated in RMB                                                                      14,795,300          12,330,465
     Denominated in HK$                                                                       2,925,850           5,373,870
     Denominated in USD                                                                       2,844,321           2,875,621

Total bank borrowings and notes                                                              20,565,471          20,579,956

Maturity analysis
     Within one year                                                                         10,150,664           4,607,000
     Two to five years                                                                       10,414,807          15,972,956
     Beyond five years                                                                                 —                  —
The effective interest rate (per annum) of the bank
     borrowings and notes at the balance sheet date
     RMB                                                                                          3.65%               3.63%
     HK$                                                                                          2.25%               6.17%
     USD                                                                                          2.72%               2.72%




36
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


The overall effective interest rate (per annum) of the bank borrowings and notes at the balance sheet date was 3.33% (as
at 31 December 2024: 4.16%).

On 5 February 2025, Yuexiu REIT, through its offshore SPV company, entered into a facility renewal agreement with an
offshore bank in connection with a one-year unsecured and fixed rate term loan facility of RMB530,000,000. It was drawn
down on 5 February 2025 for repayment of certain HK$ bank loan facility.

On 31 March 2025, Yuexiu REIT, through its offshore SPV company, entered into a facility agreement with an offshore bank
in connection with a three-year unsecured and fixed rate term loan facility of RMB1,700,000,000. It was drawn down on 31
March 2025 for repayment of certain HK$ bank loan facility.

On 2 April 2025, Yuexiu REIT, through its offshore SPV company, proposed to issue RMB1,000,000,000 4.10% Guaranteed
Notes due in 2028. On 2 April 2025, the Guaranteed Notes were issued and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and
the proceeds were utilised for repayment of offshore bank loans. For details, please refer to the announcements dated 27
March 2025 and 2 April 2025.

The Manager adopted a series of liquidity management measures. It managed the annual interest rate at a reasonable
level and was alert for the foreign exchange risk.

Following the pace of US dollar interest rate hikes, the HIBOR level has risen significantly since the second half of 2022.
Through reasonable arrangement of financing structure (including maintaining the financing ratio between fixed and
floating interest rates, and establishing interest rate hedging), the Manager has effectively mitigated the impact of the
fluctuating interest rate market on the operating results of Yuexiu REIT;

At the end of June 2025, the average financing cost of Yuexiu REIT was 3.33% (June 2024: 4.55%). The average interest
payment rate for the first half of the year was 3.92% (first half of 2024: 4.56%), which was 104bp higher than the average
daily HIBOR(1m) for the first half of the year at 2.88% (first half of 2024: 4.51%), but still lower than the financing cost level
of overseas loans of Yuexiu REIT;

In light of the general market expectation of slow interest rate cuts in 2025, and the fact that interest rate would remain
higher than the existing RMB financing cost even if interest rate cuts take place, the refinancing strategy will therefore
continue to focus on replacing existing financing with low-cost domestic RMB financing.

As at 30 June 2025, total borrowings of Yuexiu REIT amounted to approximately RMB20,565,471,000 which represented
approximately 48.1% of total assets of Yuexiu REIT (as at 31 December 2024: 47.5%). The above said gearing ratio was
below the maximum borrowing limit of 50% as stipulated in the REIT Code.

As at 30 June 2025, total liabilities of Yuexiu REIT (excluding net assets attributable to Unitholders) amounted to
approximately RMB27,106,019,000, representing approximately 63.4% of total assets of Yuexiu REIT.




                                                                                                                               37
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


CASH POSITION

As at 30 June 2025, cash and cash equivalents, short-term deposit balance of Yuexiu REIT amounted to approximately
RMB1,554,388,000. Yuexiu REIT has sufficient financial resources to satisfy its financial commitments and working capital
requirements.

The Manager has adopted a prudent approach in cash management to ensure flexibility to meet the operational needs and
the distributions of Yuexiu REIT.

REVIEW OF FINANCIAL RESULTS
The results of Yuexiu REIT for the Interim Period have been reviewed by the Disclosures Committee and Audit Committee
of the Manager and by Yuexiu REIT’s auditor in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Review Engagements 2410
“Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


ISSUANCE OF 2025 INTERIM REPORT
The interim report of Yuexiu REIT for the six months ended 30 June 2025 will be published on the websites of the Stock
Exchange and Yuexiu REIT, and will be sent to Unitholders on or before 31 August 2025.


REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF UNITS
Yuexiu REIT may, subject to the fulfillment of certain requirements, purchase its own Units on the Stock Exchange. During
the Interim Period, there was no repurchase, sale or redemption of units of Yuexiu REIT by Yuexiu REIT or any of its
subsidiaries.


SUMMARY OF ALL REAL ESTATE SALES AND PURCHASES
Yuexiu REIT or any of its subsidiaries did not enter into any real estate sale and purchase during the Interim Period.


EMPLOYEES
As at 30 June 2025, Yuexiu REIT employed 571 and 127 employees in China for hotel operation and for serviced
apartments operation through its subsidiaries respectively, mainly to fulfill its operating functions and provision of service
for hotel and serviced apartments.

Save as disclosed above, Yuexiu REIT is managed by the Manager. Yuexiu REIT does not employ any staff directly.




38
                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Manager has adopted an overall corporate governance framework of the Code of Best Practice that is designed to
promote the operation of Yuexiu REIT in a transparent manner with built-in checks and balances which are critical to the
performance of the Manager and consequently, the success of Yuexiu REIT which it manages.

The Manager has adopted a compliance manual (the “Compliance Manual”) and the principles and provisions of the
Corporate Governance Code for use in relation to the management and operation of Yuexiu REIT which includes key
policies and procedures to maintain a high standard of corporate governance.

During the Interim Period, the Manager has complied with the provisions of the Compliance Manual for its management of
Yuexiu REIT.


AUTHORISATION STRUCTURE
Yuexiu REIT is a unit trust authorised by the SFC under section 104 of the SFO and regulated by the provisions of the
REIT Code. The Manager has been authorised by the SFC under section 116 of the SFO to conduct the regulated activity
of asset management. During the Interim Period, Ms. Ou Haijing, Mr. Lin Deliang, Mr. Kwan Chi Fai and Mr. Liu Bihong are
Responsible Officers.

The Trustee is registered as a trust company under section 77 of the Trustee Ordinance (Chapter 29 of the Laws of Hong
Kong) and is qualified to act as a trustee for authorised collective investment schemes under the SFO and the REIT Code.


ROLES OF THE TRUSTEE AND MANAGER
The Trustee is responsible under the Trust Deed for, amongst other things, the safe custody of the assets of Yuexiu REIT
held by it on behalf of Unitholders. The Manager’s role under the Trust Deed is to manage Yuexiu REIT in accordance
with the Trust Deed and, in particular, to ensure that the financial and economic aspects of Yuexiu REIT’s assets are
professionally managed in the sole interests of the Unitholders.


DEALING IN SECURITIES OF YUEXIU REIT BY DIRECTORS OR THE MANAGER
The Manager has adopted the “Code Governing Dealings in Units by Directors or the Manager” (the “Units Dealing Code”)
governing dealings in the units of Yuexiu REIT as set out in the Compliance Manual, on terms no less exacting than the
required standards of the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix 10
of the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”). The Units Dealings Code may be extended to senior executives, officers and other
employees of the Manager as the board may determine. Following specific enquiries by the Manager, the Directors of the
Manager and the Manager have confirmed that they have complied with the required standards under the Model Code and
the Units Dealing Code during the Interim Period.




                                                                                                                           39
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED)



FUNCTIONS OF THE BOARD
The board of Directors of the Manager (the “Board”) currently comprises eight members, four of whom are INEDs.

The Board principally oversees the day-to-day management of the Manager’s affairs and the conduct of its business and
is responsible for the overall governance of the Manager. The Board’s function is largely separated from, and independent
of, the executive management function. The Board leads and guides the Manager’s corporate strategy and direction. Day-
to-day management functions and certain supervisory functions have been delegated to relevant committees of the Board
and a schedule of matters specifically reserved for the Board has been formally adopted. The Board exercises its general
powers within the limits defined by the Manager’s articles of association (“Articles of Association”), with a view to ensuring
that management discharges its duties and is compensated appropriately, and that sound internal control policies and
risk management systems are maintained. The Board will also review major financial decisions and the performance of
the Manager. In accordance with the REIT Code, the Manager is required to act in the best interests of the Unitholders, to
whom it owes a fiduciary duty.


BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has the power to delegate to committees consisting of its appropriate members as it thinks fit. Various
committees have been established to assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities. The committees of the Board
have been set up with clear scope of responsibilities to review specific issues or items and submit their findings and
recommendations to the full Board for consideration and endorsement. Unless the decision making power has been
vested in the relevant committee by the Board, the ultimate responsibility for making final decisions rests with the full
Board and not the committees.

The committees of the Board are as follows:


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee comprises INEDs only (at least one of whom must have appropriate professional qualifications or
accounting or related financial management expertise) and should have at least three members. Among other matters, it
reviews the completeness, accuracy and fairness of Yuexiu REIT’s financial statements and considers the scope, approach
and nature of internal and external audit reviews, and is responsible for the overall risk management.


FINANCE AND INVESTMENT COMMITTEE

The Finance and Investment Committee comprises seven Directors, including the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer,
Deputy CEO and at least one INED. It is responsible for, among other matters, evaluating and making recommendations on
proposed acquisitions and disposals of assets proposed by the Manager and Yuexiu REIT, approving budgets and reviewing
actual expenses on all key expenditures and reviewing the quarterly financial performance, forecasts and annual financial
plan of the Manager and Yuexiu REIT. The Finance and Investment Committee also reviews and recommends changes to
financial authorities, policies or procedures in areas such as accounting, taxes, treasury, distribution payout, investment
appraisal, management and statutory reporting.




40
                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED)


DISCLOSURES COMMITTEE

The Disclosures Committee comprises the Chief Executive Officer and at least one INED. Among other matters, it is
responsible for reviewing matters relating to the regular, urgent and forward looking disclosure of information to
Unitholders and public announcements and circulars. The Disclosures Committee also oversees compliance with
applicable legal requirements (including those relating to Yuexiu REIT’s connected party transactions) and the continuous
accuracy, clarity, completeness and distribution of information disseminated by the Manager and Yuexiu REIT to the public
and applicable regulatory agencies.


REMUNERATION AND NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Remuneration and Nomination Committee comprises the Chairman and at least three other Directors, one of whom
must be an INED. Among other matters, it reviews the terms and conditions of employment of all staff and Directors (other
than the members of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, whose remuneration is determined by the Board) and
recommends the manpower deployment plan (including the succession plan for the management of the Manager and the
Board), remuneration and retirement policies and packages. It ensures that no Director is involved in deciding his own
remuneration. It is also responsible for reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board and its committees on
an ongoing basis as well as nominating and providing recommendations on nominees for appointment, re-appointment
or removal as Directors. If a member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee is subject to re-appointment or
removal, then such Director will abstain from participating in such discussions.


CONFLICT OF INTEREST
The REIT Manager has established the following procedures to deal with conflict of interest:

1)    The REIT Manager does not manage any other real estate investment trust or involve in any other real estate
      business;

2)    All connected party transactions are monitored and undertaken according to the procedures and/or terms in
      compliance with the REIT Code;

3)    At least one-third of the Board comprise INEDs.


PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available as at the date of this report, the Manager reports there was more than
25% of the Units held in public hands as required under the Listing Rules and the REIT Code.




                                                                                                                        41
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The connected party transaction rules of the REIT Code govern transactions between the Yuexiu REIT Group and its
connected persons (as defined in Rule 8.1 of the REIT Code). Such transactions will constitute connected party transactions
for the purposes of the REIT Code.


CONTINUING CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
LEASING TRANSACTIONS

                                               Relationship                                                                Aggregate Transaction Value
Date               Connected Person            with Yuexiu REIT   Nature of Transaction                                    for the 2025 Interim Period (RMB)

22 November 2023   Guangzhou Yue Xiu           An associate of    On 22 November 2023, the Manager (on behalf of           183,269,000
                   Holdings Limited (“GZYX”)   the Manager        Yuexiu REIT Group) entered into the Yuexiu Leasing
                                                                  Framework Agreement with GZYX setting out the
                                                                  terms and conditions and pricing policy governing the
                                                                  connected leasing transactions between Yuexiu REIT
                                                                  Group and Yuexiu connected persons group (being
                                                                  GZYX and its subsidiaries and associates) (“Yuexiu
                                                                  Connected Persons Group”) which are either in place
                                                                  or to be entered into or renewed from time to time for
                                                                  the period from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2026,
                                                                  subject to the annual caps of RMB573,372,000 and
                                                                  RMB603,203,000 for the years ending 31 December
                                                                  2025 and 2026, respectively.




42
                                                         CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)


PROPERTY MANAGEMENT TRANSACTIONS

                                      Relationship                                                                 Aggregate Transaction Value
Date               Connected Person   with Yuexiu REIT     Nature of Transaction                                   for the 2025 Interim Period (RMB)

22 November 2023   GZYX               An associate of      On 22 November 2023, the Manager (on behalf of          N/A
                                      the Manager          Yuexiu REIT Group) entered into the Yuexiu Property
                                                           Management Framework Agreement with GZYX
                                                           setting out the terms and conditions and pricing
                                                           policy governing the connected property management
                                                           transactions with the Yuexiu Connected Persons
                                                           Group which are either in place or to be entered into
                                                           or renewed from time to time for the period from 1
                                                           January 2025 to 31 December 2026.


TENANCY SERVICES TRANSACTIONS

                                      Relationship                                                                 Aggregate Transaction Value
Date               Connected Person   with Yuexiu REIT     Nature of Transaction                                   for the 2025 Interim Period (RMB)

22 November 2023   Yuexiu Property    An associate of      On 22 November 2023, the Manager (on behalf of          21,990,000
                                      the Manager          Yuexiu REIT Group) entered into the Yuexiu Tenancy
                                                           Services Framework Agreement with Yuexiu Property
                                                           setting out the terms and conditions and pricing
                                                           policy governing the connected tenancy services
                                                           transactions with the Yuexiu Connected Persons
                                                           Group which are either in place or to be entered into
                                                           or renewed from time to time for the period from 1
                                                           January 2025 to 31 December 2026, subject to the
                                                           annual caps of RMB65,470,000 and RMB68,743,000
                                                           for the years ending 31 December 2025 and 2026,
                                                           respectively.




                                                                                                                                                 43
                    Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)


STAFF QUARTERS SUBLEASE

The following table sets forth information in relation to the sublease entered into between a connected person of Yuexiu
REIT and Guangzhou Yue Xiu City Construction International Finance Center Co., Ltd., Four Seasons Hotel Branch* (廣州越
秀城建國際金融中心有限公司四季酒店分公司) (being a branch company of a subsidiary of Yuexiu REIT):

                                                                                                                                                                          Sublease
                                                                                                                                                                          payment
                                                                                                                                                                         during the
                                    Location          Relationship                          Sublease                    Monthly Monthly rent      Rent free                   2025
 Sublandlord                        of unit           with Yuexiu REIT              GFA     commencement/renewal date      rent     per sq.m.       period     Term Interim Period
                                                                                  (sq.m.)                                 (RMB)         (RMB)        (days)    (years)        (RMB)

 Guangzhou Yuexiu Star Apartment    Guangzhou         An associate of           7,411.05    1 December 2022             930,161          126             0           3    6,580,000
      Management Co., Ltd.*         Tianhe District   the Manager
      (廣州越秀星寓公寓管理有限公司)              邦華名悅



TRADE MARK LICENCE AGREEMENTS
The following table sets forth information for the period in relation to the trade mark licences granted by the connected
persons to Yuexiu REIT:


                                                                                                                          Amount paid/
                                                                                                                             payable for
                                   Relationship with                                        Nature of                             the 2025
 Grantor                           Yuexiu REIT                       Property               Transaction                  Interim Period Licence maturity date

 Baima BM                          An associate of                   White Horse            Trade Mark Licence                           — 27 November 2026,
                                   the Manager                       Building               Agreement (6)                                — 6 December 2026,
                                                                                                                                         — 13 January 2027,
                                                                                                                                         — 13 December 2026,
                                                                                                                                         — 20 January 2027
                                                                                                                                         — 27 November 2026
 Yue Xiu Enterprises               An associate of                   Fortune Plaza          Trade Mark Licence                           — Perpetuity (subject to early
       (Holdings) Limited          the Manager                                              Agreement                                           termination terms)
       (“Yue Xiu”) (1)

(1)         The trademarks were assigned from Yue Xiu to GZYX.




44
                                                       CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)



CONSTRUCTION SETTLEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT
The following table sets forth information for the 2025 Interim Period in relation to the prepaid construction payable by
Yuexiu REIT to a connected person and the interest charged on the balance of prepaid construction payable:


                                                                           Balance of
                                                                             Prepaid                                      Amount
                                                                         Construction                                   received/
                                                                          Payable for                               receivable for
Engineering         Relationship with                                       the 2025                                     the 2025
Settlement Agent    Yuexiu REIT           Date of the Agreement      Interim Period Nature of Transaction           Interim Period
                                                                                (RMB)                                       (RMB)

GCCD                An associate of       4 May 2012                      40,106,000 Interest on the balance            1,712,000
                    the Manager                                                         of construction payable


ORDINARY BANKING SERVICES

                                                                                                   The highest
                                                                                                          daily          Amount
                                                                                                    aggregate         of interest
                                                                                                     amount of         received/
                                                                              The balance of bank deposits            receivable
                                                                              bank deposits              within            within
                              Nature of                Relationship with       amount as at           the 2025          the 2025
Name                          Transaction              Yuexiu REIT             30 June 2025 Interim Period Interim Period
                                                                                        (RMB)             (RMB)             (RMB)

Chong Hing                    Bank deposits            An associate of            63,389,000        64,424,000           270,000
                                                       the Manager


                                                                                                             Amount of interest
                                                                                                                    paid/payable
                         Nature of              Date of                           Principal amount                within the 2025
Name                     Transaction            the Agreement                   as at 30 June 2025                 Interim Period

Chong Hing               Loan                   19 December 2024                    HK$37,000,000                    RMB899,000


                                                                                                                  Amount of fees
                         Nature of              Relationship                                                      paid within the
Name                     Transaction            with Yuexiu REIT             Date of the Agreement         2025 Interim Period
                                                                                                                            (RMB)

Chong Hing               Commercial             An associate of                 7 December 2024                             7,000
                         insurance              the Manager


                                                                                                                                 45
             Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)


CORPORATE FINANCE TRANSACTIONS

                                                                                                                                 Amount of fees
                                                                                                                                  paid/payable/
                                                                                                                                      amortized
                                                                                                                                 within the 2025
 Name                                       Nature of Transaction                          Date of the Agreement                  Interim Period
                                                                                                                                           (RMB)

 Chong Hing                                 Bond   (1)
                                                                                           17 March 2023                                 22,000
 Chong Hing                                 Bond   (1)
                                                                                           2 April 2025                                  15,000
 Yue Xiu Securities                         Bond   (1)
                                                                                           17 March 2023                                 28,000
 Yue Xiu Securities                         Bond (1)                                       2 April 2025                                  15,000

(1)     Chong Hing and Yue Xiu Securities were two of the underwriters.



FINANCING OF THE DEFERRED COMPLETION PAYMENT

                                                                                                                    Amount of        Amount of
                                                                                                                    fees paid/          interest
                                                                                                                      payable      paid/payable
                                                                                                                    within the        within the
                                              Relationship with           Date of                  Principal      2025 Interim     2025 Interim
 Name                                         Yuexiu REIT                 agreement                 amount             Period            Period
                                                                                                          (RMB)                           (RMB)

 Guangzhou Construction &                     An associate of             21 December                20,000                 —                 —
      Development Holdings (China)            the Manager                 2017
      Limited (“GCD (China)”)    (1)



(1)     On 21 December 2018, Yuexiu REIT repaid the deferred completion payment of approximately RMB803,783,000 to GCD (China), and the balance of
        approximately RMB20,000 will be settled upon payment of tax by the counterparty.




46
                                                                    CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)



TRANSFER OF LOAN, RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS BY AN EXISTING LENDER TO A
CONNECTED PERSON UNDER A FACILITY AGREEMENT
Yuexiu REIT Secure Shell Limited (being a subsidiary of Yuexiu REIT) (as borrower) (the “Borrower”) entered into a facility
agreement with several banks (as lenders) on 31 October 2019 in respect of HK$5,200,000,000 term loan facilities (the
“Facility Agreement”). The facilities were fully drawn down. The Borrower was notified that, on 17 August 2023, one of
the lenders (being an independent third party) had sold and transferred by novation its interest, rights and obligations in
respect of HK$260,000,000 advanced under the Facility Agreement to Yue Xiu Investment Consultants Limited (“YXIC”)
(the “Transfer”). YXIC is a connected person of Yuexiu REIT by virtue of being a subsidiary of Yue Xiu Enterprises (Holdings)
Limited (“YXE”), which is the indirect holding company of the Manager and a substantial unitholder of Yuexiu REIT.

The Transfer was effected pursuant to the Facility Agreement, which allows a lender to, without the Borrower’s consent,
transfer by novation of any of its rights and obligations thereunder to another bank or financial institution or any other
entity which is regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans. For the
avoidance of doubt, Yuexiu REIT and the Borrower were not parties to or otherwise involved in the Transfer, and the terms
of the Facility Agreement remain unchanged.

On 17 April 2025, the term loan facility of HK$260,000,000 between the Borrower and YXIC was fully settled.

HSBC GROUP*
Set out below is the information in respect of the connected party transactions involving Yuexiu REIT and the HSBC Group.

(*Note: “HSBC Group” means The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (“HSBC”) and its subsidiaries and, unless expressly stated, shall
       not include the Trustee and its proprietary subsidiaries (being the subsidiaries of the Trustee except those subsidiaries formed in its capacity as the
       trustee of Yuexiu REIT)).




                                                                                                                                                           47
                   Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)



LEASING TRANSACTIONS
Certain units of GZIFC have been leased to members of the HSBC Group as follows:

                                                                                                                                                             Rental income
                                                                                                                                                                during the
                                                                                                                      Monthly                                        2025
                                                                    Gross                              Monthly            rent         Rent                        Interim
 Tenant                               Unit                      Floor Area   Lease commencement date      rent       per sq.m.   free period        Term            Period
                                                                   (sq.m.)                               (RMB)           (RMB)        (days)       (years)           (RMB)

 HSBC Bank (China) Company Limited,   5001, 5002, 5005B, 5006     1,969.84   15 September 2024         440,869            224             0             5        2,405,000
      Guangzhou Branch



CORPORATE FINANCE TRANSACTIONS AND ORDINARY BANKING SERVICES
The following table sets forth information in relation to the corporate finance transactions and ordinary banking services
made between the HSBC Group and Yuexiu REIT within the 2025 Interim Period:


ORDINARY BANKING SERVICES

                                                                                                                                               Amount of interest
                                                                                                                                                    paid/payable
                                      Nature of                                                           Principal amount                        within the 2025
 Name                                 transaction                      Date of agreement                as at 30 June 2025                         Interim Period

 HSBC Group                           Loan (1)                         November 2022                             HK$41,138,000                     RMB5,298,000

(1)         HSBC Group was one of the lending banks.


GZI REIT (Holding) 2005 Company Limited, Partat, Keen Ocean, Full Estates, Moon King, Ever Joint Investment International
Limited (“Ever Joint”), Long Grace Holdings Limited (“Long Grace”), Profit Link Investment International Limited (“Profit
Link”), San Bright Holdings Limited (“San Bright”) and Yuexiu REIT MTN Company Limited have maintained interest bearing
accounts with HSBC at arm’s length and on commercial terms for deposits during the 2025 Interim Period.


WAIVER FROM STRICT COMPLIANCE
A waiver from strict compliance with the disclosure requirement and Unitholders’ approval under Chapter 8 of the REIT
Code in respect of the transactions with connected persons of the Trustee has been granted by the SFC on 8 December
2005 subject to specific caps on fees payable by Yuexiu REIT for corporate finance services, review by the auditors for
each relevant financial period, annual review by the Audit Committee and the INEDs and other terms and conditions.
Details of the Waiver and its terms and conditions have been published in the Offering Circular.




48
                                                      CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)



CONFIRMATION FROM TRUSTEE AND MANAGER ON CORPORATE FINANCE
TRANSACTIONS WITH THE HSBC GROUP
The Trustee and the Manager both confirm that, with respect to the corporate finance transactions entered into with the
HSBC Group under review: (i) the general conditions under the Waiver (details of which were disclosed in Yuexiu REIT’s
offering circular dated 12 December 2005) were complied with; and (ii) the Trustee was not involved in the making of any
decision to enter into such transaction on behalf of Yuexiu REIT (subject to its duties of oversight under the REIT Code and
the Trust Deed).


CONFIRMATION BY THE AUDIT COMMITTEE AND THE INEDS
The INEDs of the Manager confirm that they have reviewed the terms of all relevant connected party transactions
including those connected party transactions with the Yuexiu Connected Persons Group and the HSBC Group and that they
are satisfied that these transactions have been entered into:

(a)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of Yuexiu REIT;

(b)   on normal commercial terms (to the extent that there are comparable transactions) or, where there are not
      sufficient comparable transactions to judge whether they are on normal commercial terms, on terms no less
      favourable to or from Yuexiu REIT than terms available from or to (as appropriate) independent third parties; and

(c)   in accordance with the relevant agreement and the Manager’s internal procedures governing them (if any) on terms
      that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Unitholders as a whole.


MANAGER’S FEES
During the 2025 Interim Period, the aggregate amount of fees payable by Yuexiu REIT to the Manager under the Trust Deed
was approximately RMB83,964,000, the Base Fee of which was settled by the issuance of new Units, and the Service Fee
of which was settled in cash. For the avoidance of doubt, the services provided by the Manager pursuant to the Trust Deed
are not treated as connected party transactions of Yuexiu REIT.


TRUSTEE’S FEES
During the 2025 Interim Period, the aggregate amount of fees payable by Yuexiu REIT to the Trustee under the Trust Deed
was approximately RMB6,275,000. For the avoidance of doubt, the services provided by the Trustee pursuant to the Trust
Deed are not treated as connected party transactions of Yuexiu REIT.




                                                                                                                          49
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)



INTERESTS HELD BY THE MANAGER AND ITS DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER
The REIT Code requires that connected persons of Yuexiu REIT shall disclose their interests in Units. In addition, under the
provisions of Part XV of the SFO, the Trust Deed is also deemed to be applicable, among other things, to the Manager, the
Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of the Manager.

The interests and short positions held by the Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of the Manager in the Units required
to be recorded in the register kept by the Manager under Schedule 3 of the Trust Deed are set out below:

Interests and short positions in the Units:


                                               As at 1 January 2025                        As at 30 June 2025
                                                       Beneficial                 Beneficial
                                       Nature of        interests Approximate      interests Approximate        % Change
Name of Directors                        interest        in Units % of interest     in Units % of interest      of interest

Mr. Jiang Guoxiong
     (appointed on 22 May 2025)        Beneficial            N/A             —       31,488       0.000612       0.000612
Mr. Lin Deliang                                —               Nil           —           Nil             —              —
Ms. Ou Haijing                         Beneficial         54,606       0.001073      54,606       0.001062      (0.000011)
Mr. Zeng Zhizhao                               —               Nil           —           Nil             —              —
Mr. Chan Chi On, Derek                         —               Nil           —           Nil             —              —
Mr. Chan Chi Fai, Brian                        —               Nil           —           Nil             —              —
Mr. Cheung Yuk Tong                            —               Nil           —           Nil             —              —
Mr. Chen Xiaoou                                —               Nil           —           Nil             —              —




50
                                                     CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)



INTERESTS HELD BY SUBSTANTIAL HOLDERS
The following persons have interests or short position in the Units required to be recorded in the register kept by the
Manager under Schedule 3 of the Trust Deed:

Long position in the Units:


                                                   As at 1 January 2025                      As at 30 June 2025
Name of                       Nature of           Interests Approximate                    Interests Approximate              % Change
Substantial Unitholder        Interest             in Units      % of interest              in Units       % of interest      of interest

GZYX(1)                       Deemed       2,758,087,701 (4)           54.18 (5) 2,808,436,080 (3)              54.63 (6)           0.45
                              Total        2,758,087,701   (4)
                                                                       54.18   (5)
                                                                                     2,808,436,080   (3)
                                                                                                                54.63   (6)
                                                                                                                                    0.45

Yue Xiu                       Beneficial           37,428 (4)                  –             37,428                     –              –
                              Deemed       2,758,050,273   (4)
                                                                       54.18   (5)
                                                                                     2,577,487,961   (3)
                                                                                                                54.63   (6)
                                                                                                                                    0.45
                              Total        2,758,087,701 (4)           54.18 (5) 2,808,436,080 (3)              54.63 (6)           0.45

YXP(2)                        Beneficial         2,425,640               0.05             2,425,640              0.05%                —
                              Deemed       2,273,462,421 (4)           44.66 (5) 2,328,810,800 (3)              45.20 (6)           0.59
                              Total        2,275,888,061 (4)           44.71 (5) 2,326,236,440 (3)              45.25 (6)           0.54

Dragon Yield Holding Limited Beneficial    1,762,700,787 (4)           34.63 (5) 1,762,700,787 (3)              34.29 (6)          (0.34)
   (“Dragon Yield”)           Deemed                      —                 —                     —                   —               —
                              Total        1,762,700,787   (4)
                                                                       34.63   (5)
                                                                                     1,762,700,787   (3)
                                                                                                                34.29   (6)
                                                                                                                                   (0.34)

Yuexiu International          Beneficial       510,761,634              10.03          561,110,013                10.91             0.88
   Investment Limited         Deemed                      —                 —                     —                   —               —
   (“YXII”)                   Total            510,761,634              10.03          561,110,013                10.91             0.88

Beyond Best Global Limited    Beneficial       225,000,000               4.42          225,000,000                 4.38            (0.04)
   (“BBG”)                    Deemed          2,533,087,701             49.76         2,583,436,080               50.25             0.49
                              Total        2,758,087,701 (7)            54.18 2,808,436,080 (7)                   54.63             0.45

Radiant World Investment      Deemed          2,758,087,701             54.18         2,808,436,080               54.63             0.45
   Limited                    Total        2,758,087,701 (7)            54.18        2,808,436,080(7)             54.63             0.45

Sun Advance Limited (“SA”)    Deemed          2,758,087,701             54.18         2,808,436,080               54.63             0.45
                              Total        2,758,087,701 (7)            54.18 2,808,436,080 (7)                   54.63             0.45

TONG WING CHI                 Deemed          2,758,087,701             54.18         2,808,436,080               54.63             0.45
                              Total        2,758,087,701 (7)            54.18 2,808,436,080 (7)                   54.63             0.45

Victory Success Consulting    Deemed          2,758,087,701             54.18         2,808,436,080               54.63             0.45
   Limited                    Total        2,758,087,701 (7)            54.18        2,808,436,080(7)             54.63             0.45



                                                                                                                                        51
             Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)


(1)   Further information in relation to interests of corporations controlled by GZYX as at 30 June 2025:


                                                                                                             Direct          Number of Shares
                                                        Name of Controlling                                 Interest           Long              Short
      Name of Controlled Corporation                    Shareholder                    % Control              (Y/N)         Position          Position

      Yue Xiu                                           GZYX                              100.00                  Y          37,428                  —
      Yue Xiu                                           GZYX                              100.00                  N    2,808,398,652                 —
      Bosworth International Limited                    Yue Xiu                           100.00                  Y      84,564,548                  —
      YXP                                               Yue Xiu                              43.39                N    2,323,810,800                 —
      YXP                                               Yue Xiu                              43.39                Y       2,425,640                  —
      Dragon Yield                                      YXP                               100.00                  Y    1,762,700,787                 —
      YXII                                              YXP                               100.00                  Y     561,110,013                  —
      Novena Pacific Limited                            Yue Xiu                           100.00                  Y      17,703,885                  —
      Morrison Pacific Limited                          Yue Xiu                           100.00                  Y       4,946,376                  —
      Greenwood Pacific Limited                         Yue Xiu                           100.00                  Y       4,248,089                  —
      Goldstock International Limited                   Yue Xiu                           100.00                  Y       1,102,672                  —
      Yuexiu Capital Holdings Limited (“YXCH”)          Yue Xiu                           100.00                  Y      84,940,000                  —
      YXCH                                              Yue Xiu                           100.00                  N      51,274,376                  —
      Yue Xiu Finance Company Limited                   Yue Xiu                           100.00                  Y       1,902,194                  —
      Golden Harbor Limited (“GH”)                      YXCH                              100.00                  N      51,274,376                  —
      Star Grid Limited                                 Yue Xiu                           100.00                  N     276,274,376                  —
      SA                                                Star Grid Limited                 100.00                  N     276,274,376                  —
      Golden Harbor Limited Partnership (“GHLP”)        GH as general partner                 0.00                Y      51,274,376                  —
      GHLP                                              SA as limited partner             100.00                  Y      51,274,376                  —
      BBG                                               SA                                   50.00                Y     225,000,000                  —


(2)   The deemed interest as at 30 June 2025 in 2,328,840,800 Units were held through Dragon Yield and YXII, both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of YXP.


(3)   The number of units includes 212,808,584 deferred units. Yuexiu REIT will, on 31 December of each year, issue a number of deferred units to YXP (or
      YXP’s nominee). Further details are included in the circular dated 17 December 2021 of Yuexiu REIT.


(4)   Details are included in the offering circular dated 17 December 2021 of Yuexiu REIT.


(5)   After deducting the unissued deferred units, the approximate interest held by GZYX and Yue Xiu will be approximately 45.08%, while the approximate
      interest in Yuexiu REIT held by YXP and Dragon Yield will be approximately 40.024% and 30.445% respectively.


(6)   After deducting the unissued deferred units, the approximate interest held by GZYX and Yue Xiu will be approximately 45.61%, while the approximate
      interest in Yuexiu REIT held by YXP and Dragon Yield will be approximately 40.611% and 30.147% respectively.


(7)   On 16 June 2022, BBG, owned 50% by Radiant World Investment Limited, entered into a loan agreement with Yue Xiu which agreed to provide a loan
      of HK$712,000,000 to BBG to acquire 225,000,000 Units. Such loan agreement falls under section 317(1)(b) of the SFO; BBG is deemed to be interested
      in Yue Xiu’s interest of 55.05% in Units under section 318 of the SFO. On 20 June 2022, BBG entered into an agreement to purchase 225 million Units
      for HK$3.20 per Unit from GHLP which was completed on 21 June 2022. Further details are included in the announcement on 20 June 2022.




52
                                                                CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)



INTERESTS HELD BY SENIOR EXECUTIVES OF THE MANAGER
Interests in the Units held by senior executives of the Manager, being connected persons of Yuexiu REIT, are set out below:


                                                                 As at 1 January 2025                As at 30 June 2025
                                         Nature of             Interests Approximate     Interests Approximate        % Change
 Name of Senior Executive                interest               in Units % of interest    in Units % of interest     of interest

 Mr. Liu Bihong                          Beneficial                 225    0.0000044%         225     0.0000044%             —


INTERESTS HELD BY OTHER CONNECTED PERSON

                                                                 As at 1 January 2025                As at 30 June 2025
                                         Nature of             Interests Approximate     Interests Approximate        % Change
 Name of Senior Executive                interest               in Units % of interest    in Units % of interest     of interest

 Trustee                                 Deemed(1)             1,525,122        0.03%    1,616,937          0.03%            —


(1)   Associate of the Trustee (as defined in the REIT Code)



Save as disclosed above, the Manager is not aware of any connected persons of Yuexiu REIT, including Savills Valuation
and Professional Services Limited, holding any Units as at 30 June 2025.




                                                                                                                               53
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




 INDEPENDENT REVIEW REPORT


                         Ernst & Young
                         27/F, One Taikoo Place                 安永會計師事務所                      Tel 電話: +852 2846 9888
                         979 King’s Road                        香港鰂魚涌英皇道 979 號                Fax 傳真: +852 2868 4432
                         Quarry Bay, Hong Kong                  太古坊一座27樓                      ey.com




To the Board of Directors of Yuexiu REIT Asset Management Limited
(as the “Manager” of Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust)


INTRODUCTION
We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 55 to 98, which comprises the condensed
consolidated statement of financial position of Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust (“Yuexiu REIT”) and its subsidiaries (the
“Group”) as at 30 June 2025 and the related condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, distribution
statement, statements of net assets attributable to unitholders and changes in equity and cash flows for the six-month
period then ended, and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant
provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“HKAS 34”) as issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). The directors of the Manager are responsible for the preparation
and presentation of this interim financial information in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a
conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in
accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or
accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


SCOPE OF REVIEW
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity as issued by the HKICPA. A review of interim
financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters,
and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in
accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we
would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit
opinion.


CONCLUSION
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information is
not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.




Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong
14 August 2025

54
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
                      OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                          FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025


                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June

                                                                    Notes              2025             2024
                                                                                 (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

Revenue                                                              6              966,148         1,034,091
Operating expenses, net                                              7             (432,141)         (481,617)
Fair value losses on investment properties                           14            (425,546)          (69,471)
Net gains on derivative financial instruments                        17                   —            26,642
Finance income                                                       9               10,568            16,013
Finance expenses                                                     10            (461,299)         (476,667)

(Loss)/profit before income tax and transactions with unitholders                  (342,270)           48,991
Income tax credit/(expense)                                          11               4,851           (89,520)

Loss after income tax before transactions with unitholders                         (337,419)          (40,529)
Transactions with unitholders                                        24             232,480            65,809

(Loss)/profit after income tax and transactions with unitholders                   (104,939)           25,280

Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period
Items that will not be classified to profit or loss:
Change in fair value of property, plant and equipment
  – Gross                                                                            (26,953)          66,192
  – Tax                                                                               7,549           (18,538)

                                                                                     (19,404)          47,654
Items that may be classified to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                           109,095           (82,187)

Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period, net of tax                         89,691           (34,533)

Total comprehensive loss for the period                                              (15,248)          (9,253)




                                                                                                             55
                 Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (CONTINUED)
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025


                                                                                                       Attributable to

                                                               Unitholders                                Unitholders
                                                                     before         Transactions                  after
                                                               transactions                  with         transactions                Non -
                                                                       with          unitholders                  with           controlling
                                                                unitholders             (Note 24)          unitholders             interests                Total
                                                                (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)
                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000

 (Loss)/profit for the period ended 30 June 2024                    (30,779)              65,809                35,030                (9,750)              25,280
 Other comprehensive income:
 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
 Change in fair value of property,
       plant and equipment, net of tax                               47,157                    —                47,157                  497                47,654
 Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
 Exchange differences on translation
       of foreign operations                                        (82,187)                   —               (82,187)                   —               (82,187)

 Total comprehensive (loss)/income
       for the period ended 30 June 2024                            (65,809)              65,809                     —                (9,253)              (9,253)

 (Loss)/profit for the period ended 30 June 2025                   (322,373)             232,480               (89,893)             (15,046)            (104,939)
 Other comprehensive income:
 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
 Change in fair value of property,
       plant and equipment, net of tax                              (19,202)                   —               (19,202)                (202)              (19,404)
 Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
 Exchange differences on translation
       of foreign operations                                       109,095                     —              109,095                     —              109,095

 Total comprehensive (loss)/income
       for the period ended 30 June 2025                           (232,480)             232,480                     —              (15,248)              (15,248)



Notes:


(i)        In accordance with the Trust Deed dated 7 December 2005, as amended by first supplemental deed on 25 March 2008, second supplemental deed
           on 23 July 2010, third supplemental deed on 25 July 2012, fourth supplemental deed dated 3 April 2020 and fifth supplemental deed dated 28 May
           2021 (the “Trust Deed”), Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust (“Yuexiu REIT”) is required to distribute to the unitholders not less than 90% of its
           total distributable income for each financial period. Yuexiu REIT has a limited life of 80 years from the date of establishment. Accordingly, the units
           contain contractual obligations to pay cash distributions and also upon termination of the trust, a share of all net cash proceeds derived from the
           sale or realisation of the assets of Yuexiu REIT less any liabilities, in accordance with unitholders’ proportionate interests in Yuexiu REIT at the date
           of the termination of Yuexiu REIT. The unitholders’ funds are therefore classified as a financial liability rather than equity in accordance with HKAS
           32 Financial Instruments: Disclosure and Presentation . Consistent with unitholders’ funds being classified as a financial liability, the distributions
           to unitholders are part of finance costs which are recognised in the interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income. The
           classification does not have an impact on the net assets attributable to the unitholders. It only affects how unitholders’ funds are disclosed in the
           interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position and how distributions are disclosed in the interim condensed consolidated statement
           of comprehensive income. Total distributable income is determined in the interim condensed consolidated distribution statement.


(ii)       Loss per unit, based upon loss after income tax before transactions with unitholders attributable to unitholders and the weighted average number of
           units in issue, is presented in Note 25.




56
    INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
                         OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                            30 JUNE 2025


                                                30 June    31 December
                                     Notes         2025          2024
                                             (Unaudited)      (Audited)
                                               RMB’000        RMB’000

Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment       12      1,917,360      1,974,360
  Right-of-use assets                 13      1,064,581      1,095,174
  Investment properties               14     37,075,247     37,494,008
  Deferred assets, prepayments,
    deposits and other receivables    15        160,206        185,465
  Goodwill                            16        839,001        839,001

Total non-current assets                     41,056,395     41,588,008

Current assets
  Inventories                                     2,544          2,860
  Trade and lease receivabless        18         19,721         18,775
  Amounts due from related parties   26(b)       62,852        156,247
  Deferred assets, prepayments,
    deposits and other receivables    15         76,137         61,333
  Tax recoverable                                13,183         11,541
  Bank deposits                       19         60,000         50,000
  Cash and cash equivalents           19      1,494,388      1,396,154

Total current assets                          1,728,825      1,696,910

Total assets                                 42,785,220     43,284,918

Equity
  Reserves                                     (528,488)      (618,381)
  Retained earnings                             528,488        618,381

                                                      —              —
Non-controlling interests                     1,172,359      1,188,933

Total equity                                  1,172,359      1,188,933




                                                                      57
             Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)
30 JUNE 2025


                                                                                            30 June     31 December
                                                                             Notes              2025               2024
                                                                                        (Unaudited)            (Audited)
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000

Current liabilities
     Trade payables                                                           21             13,861              16,517
     Rental deposits, current portion                                         22           181,230              218,685
     Receipts in advance                                                      22             93,858             102,138
     Accruals and other payables                                              22           408,000              442,628
     Amounts due to related parties                                          26(b)         126,567              122,850
     Borrowings                                                               23        10,150,664             4,607,000
     Lease liabilities                                                        13                5,429            11,826
     Tax payables                                                                            59,563              85,572

Total current liabilities                                                               11,039,172             5,607,216

Non-current liabilities, other than net assets attributable to unitholders
     Rental deposits, non-current portion                                     22           191,168              163,143
     Borrowings                                                               23        10,414,807            15,972,956
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                 20         5,460,872             5,523,292

Total non-current liabilities                                                           16,066,847            21,659,391

Total liabilities, other than net assets attributable to unitholders                    27,106,019            27,266,607

Net assets attributable to unitholders                                        24        14,506,842            14,829,378

Total equity and liabilities                                                            42,785,220            43,284,918

Net current liabilities                                                                  (9,310,347)          (3,910,306)

Units in issue (’000)                                                         24         5,141,086             5,090,738

Net assets attributable to unitholders per unit (RMB)                                            2.82               2.91



On behalf of the Board of Directors of Yuexiu REIT Asset Management Limited, as the manager of Yuexiu REIT.




                                Director                                             Director




58
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED DISTRIBUTION
                                 STATEMENT
                                                   FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025

                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                2025             2024
                                                          (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000
Loss after income tax before
  transactions with unitholders attributable
  to unitholders                                            (322,373)          (30,779)

Adjustments for the total distributable
  income (i)
  – Fair value losses on investment
       properties                                            406,818            49,638
  – Deferred taxation in respect of fair value
      changes on investment properties
      credited to profit or loss                            (109,542)          (15,117)
  – Different depreciation and amortisation
      charge on investment properties, property,
      plant and equipment and land use rights
      under China Accounting Standards
      (“CAS”)                                               (202,170)         (195,517)
  – Fair value gains on derivative financial
      instruments                                                  —           (26,642)
  – Manager’s fee adjustment                                  (43,293)          (7,354)

                                                            (270,560)         (225,771)
Additional items (ii)
  – Different depreciation and amortisation
      charge on investment properties,
      property, plant and equipment and
      land use rights under CAS                              202,170           195,517
  – Depreciation and amortisation of property,
      plant and equipment and land use
      rights under Hong Kong Financial
      Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”)                          66,908            69,775
  – Deferred taxation in respect of
      the depreciation and amortisation
      of investment properties, property,
      plant and equipment and land use rights                 51,672            50,098
  – Manager’s fee paid and payable in units in
      lieu of cash                                            62,755            85,136
  – Foreign exchange losses on financing
      activities                                              58,231            10,615




                                                                                      59
              Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED DISTRIBUTION STATEMENT (CONTINUED)
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025




                                                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                     Note                     2025                    2024
                                                                                                                     (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000

 Distributable income after additional items                                                                              171,176                 185,370
 Distributable amount at 1 January                                                                                        129,520                 148,750
 Distribution paid during the period (iii)                                                            24                 (129,555)                (148,873)

 Interim distribution declared (iv)                                                                                       171,141                 185,247

 Distribution per unit, declared (iv)                                                                                 RMB0.0333               RMB0.0371


Notes:


(i)      Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the total distributable income is the consolidated profit after income tax before transactions with unitholders
         attributable to unitholders adjusted to eliminate the effects of certain non-cash adjustments which have been recorded in the interim condensed
         consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the relevant period.


(ii)     Pursuant to the circular dated 30 June 2012, the Manager intends to distribute certain additional items on top of the total distributable income under
         the Trust Deed.


(iii)    A distribution of RMB0.0252 per unit, totalling RMB129,555,000 (equivalent to HK$140,352,000), was paid to unitholders on 23 May 2025.


(iv)     Interim distribution in respect of the six months ended 30 June 2025 of RMB0.0333 (equivalent to HK$0.0366) per unit, totalling RMB171,141,000
         (equivalent to HK$188,201,000) was declared by the Board of the Manager on 14 August 2025.



The Manager calculated the above per unit figures based on the units in issue as at 30 June 2025 as disclosed in Note 24.




60
       INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS
             ATTRIBUTABLE TO UNITHOLDERS AND CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025

                                                                      Equity

                                            Net assets                                    Non-
                                           attributable   Retained                  controlling
                                         to unitholders   earnings      Reserve      interests         Total
                                              RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

At 1 January 2024                           15,632,979    327,358       (327,358)    1,206,832    16,839,811

Issuance of units (Note 24)                     76,210          —              —             —        76,210
Profit for the period attributable to:
  – Unitholders                                (65,809)         —              —             —       (65,809)
  – Equity holders                                   —      35,030             —        (9,750)       25,280
Distributions paid to
  – Unitholders                               (148,873)         —              —             —      (148,873)
  – Equity holders                                   —          —              —        (1,271)       (1,271)
Change in fair value of property,
  plant and equipment, net of tax                    —          —        47,157            497        47,654
Exchange differences on translation
  of foreign operations                              —          —        (82,187)            —       (82,187)

At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                 15,494,507    362,388       (362,388)    1,196,308    16,690,815

At 1 January 2025                          14,829,378     618,381      (618,381)    1,188,933     16,018,311

Issuance of units (Note 24)                     39,499          —              —            —        39,499
Profit for the period attributable to:
  – Unitholders                               (232,480)         —              —            —       (232,480)
  – Equity holders                                   —     (89,893)            —       (15,046)     (104,939)
Distributions paid to
  – Unitholders                               (129,555)         —              —            —       (129,555)
  – Equity holders                                   —          —              —        (1,326)       (1,326)
Change in fair value of property,
  plant and equipment, net of tax                    —          —       (19,202)          (202)      (19,404)
Exchange differences on translation
  of foreign operations                              —          —       109,095             —       109,095

At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                14,506,842     528,488      (528,488)    1,172,359     15,679,201




                                                                                                           61
            Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS
FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2025


                                                                        Six months ended 30 June

                                                                              2025            2024
                                                                        (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)
                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000

Cash flows from operating activities
     Cash generated from operations                                        769,146         654,808
     Interest paid                                                        (423,267)        (472,891)
     Interest element on lease liabilities                                    (182)            (424)
     Income tax paid                                                       (97,867)         (87,264)

Net cash from operating activities                                         247,830          94,229

Cash flows from investing activities
     Additions of investment properties                                    (20,773)         (25,610)
     Additions of property, plant and equipment                            (12,901)          (6,401)
     Disposal of property, plant and equipment                                   —             185
     Interest received                                                      10,598          14,291
     Increase in bank deposits                                             (60,000)                —
     Redemption on maturity of bank deposits                                50,000                 —

Net cash used in investing activities                                      (33,076)         (17,535)

Cash flows from financing activities
     Distribution paid                                                    (130,881)        (150,144)
     Proceeds from borrowings, net of transaction costs                  2,654,840        1,541,057
     Repayment of borrowings                                            (2,628,508)      (1,417,589)
     Settlement of derivative financial instruments                              —          40,740
     Principal elements of lease payments                                    (6,398)         (5,903)

Net cash (used in)/from financing activities                              (110,947)           8,161

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                  103,807          84,855
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period                     1,396,154        1,417,727
Effects of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                (5,573)          1,948

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period                           1,494,388        1,504,530




62
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION
1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust (“Yuexiu REIT”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) are mainly engaged
     in the leasing of commercial properties in Chinese Mainland.

     Yuexiu REIT is a Hong Kong collective investment scheme constituted as a unit trust by the Trust Deed entered
     into between the Manager and HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited, as the Trustee of Yuexiu REIT
     (the “Trustee”) on 7 December 2005 (as amended by First Supplemental Deed dated 25 March 2008, Second
     Supplemental Deed dated 23 July 2010, Third Supplemental Deed dated 25 July 2012, Fourth Supplemental
     Deed dated 3 April 2020 and Fifth Supplemental Deed dated 28 May 2021) and authorised under section 104 of
     the Securities and Futures Ordinance subject to the applicable conditions imposed by Securities and Futures
     Commission from time to time. The address of its registered office is 17B, Yue Xiu Building, 160 Lockhart Road,
     Wanchai, Hong Kong.

     Yuexiu REIT was listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 21 December 2005.

     This interim condensed consolidated financial information is presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise
     stated. This interim condensed consolidated financial information was approved for issue by the Board of Directors
     of the Manager on 14 August 2025.

     This interim condensed consolidated financial information has not been audited.


2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION
     The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2025 has been prepared
     in accordance with HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting . The interim condensed consolidated financial information
     does not include all the information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read
     in conjunction with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024.

     As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s current liabilities exceeded its current assets by RMB9,310 million (31 December
     2024: RMB3,910 million) due to the borrowings of RMB10,151 million fall due within twelve months from the balance
     sheet date (31 December 2024: borrowings of RMB4,607 million fall due within twelve months from the balance
     sheet date). The Manager is in the process of arranging various sources of funding, which include discussing with
     the Group’s existing principal bankers for refinancing, to meet with the settlement of the bank borrowings fall due
     within twelve months from the balance sheet date. Taking into account the financial resources available, including
     further limit available under the Guaranteed Medium Term Note Programme of Yuexiu REIT MTN Company Limited
     (“MTN Programme”), the available issuance limit for Panda Bonds, as well as the abovementioned refinancing plan,
     the Manager considers the Group has adequate resources to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due as well as
     its working capital and operating requirements for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, the directors consider it is
     appropriate the going concern basis has been adopted in preparing this interim condensed consolidated financial
     information.




                                                                                                                       63
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

3.   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information are
     consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year
     ended 31 December 2024, except for the adoption of the following amended HKFRS Accounting Standard for the
     first time for the current period’s financial information.

     Amendments to HKAS 21                                    Lack of Exchangeability

     The amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.


4.   SIGNIFICANT JUDGEMENTS AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     The preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information requires management to make
     judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts
     of assets and liabilities, income and expense. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     In preparing this interim condensed consolidated financial information, the significant judgements made by
     management in applying the Group’s accounting policies and the key sources of estimation uncertainty were the
     same as those that applied to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024.


5.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
     5.1    FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS

            The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk),
            credit risk and liquidity risk.

            The interim condensed consolidated financial information does not include all financial risk management
            information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements and should be read in conjunction
            with the Group’s annual financial statements as at 31 December 2024.

            There have been no significant changes in the risk management policies since the last year end.




64
                                        NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

6.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     The chief operating decision-maker has been identified as the executive directors of the Manager. Management
     determines the operating segments based on the Group’s internal reports, which are then submitted to the executive
     directors for performance assessment and resources allocation.

     The executive directors consider the business by nature of business activities and assess the performance of hotel
     and serviced apartments, office rental and wholesale and shopping mall.

     The executive directors assess the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of segment results.
     This measurement basis excludes the effects of non-recurring expenditure from the operating segments and
     other unallocated operating costs. Other information provided, except as noted below, to the executive directors is
     measured in a manner consistent with that in the interim condensed consolidated financial information.

     Total assets excluded corporate assets which are not directly attributable to segments.

     The revenue from external parties reported to the executive directors is measured in a manner consistent with that
     in the interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

     The Group’s revenue from external customers is derived from its operations in Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong.
     Except for the Group’s goodwill (approximately RMB839,001,000), the Group’s non-current assets are located in
     Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong.




                                                                                                                      65
        Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

6.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

                                                        Hotel and                    Wholesale
                                                         serviced        Office    and shopping
                                                      apartments         rental            mall          Total
                                                      (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000

     Period ended 30 June 2025
     Revenue from external customers                      250,428      531,562         184,158        966,148

     Segment results                                       16,592       17,073         152,418        186,083

     Depreciation                                          73,541            —               —         73,541

     Fair value losses on
       investment properties                                    —     (423,687)          (1,859)     (425,546)

     Period ended 30 June 2024
     Revenue from external customers                      254,386      581,741          197,964     1,034,091

     Segment results                                       18,268      406,984          177,877       603,129

     Depreciation                                          76,438            —               —         76,438

     Fair value (losses)/gains
       on investment properties                                 —       (80,466)         10,995        (69,471)

     As at 30 June 2025
     Total reportable segments’ assets                  3,321,996   29,025,579        9,405,332    41,752,907

     As at 31 December 2024
     Total reportable segments’ assets                  3,425,824   29,352,439        9,415,435    42,193,698




66
                                                NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

6.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     A reconciliation of total segment results to total (loss)/profit before income tax and transactions with unitholders is
     provided as follows:


                                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                                 2025                  2024
                                                                                                         (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)
                                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000

     Segment results                                                                                         186,083               603,129
     Net gains on derivative financial instruments                                                                   —               26,642
     Unallocated operating costs (Note)                                                                       (77,622)             (120,126)

     Operating profit                                                                                        108,461               509,645
     Finance income                                                                                            10,568                16,013
     Finance expenses                                                                                       (461,299)              (476,667)

     (Loss)/Profit before income tax and transactions with unitholders                                      (342,270)                48,991


     Note:   Unallocated operating costs include mainly manager’s fee, legal and professional expenses and other operating expenses incurred at
             corporate level.


     A reconciliation of reportable segments’ assets to total assets is provided as follows:


                                                                                                             30 June         31 December
                                                                                                                 2025                  2024
                                                                                                         (Unaudited)              (Audited)
                                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000

     Total reportable segments’ assets                                                                   41,752,907             42,193,698
     Corporate assets                                                                                      1,032,313             1,091,220

     Total assets                                                                                        42,785,220             43,284,918




                                                                                                                                            67
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

6.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     The Group’s revenue by nature is as follows:


                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                                          (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000

     Hotel and serviced apartments operations
        Room rentals                                                                          168,892             168,157
        Food and beverages                                                                     68,205              72,692
        Others                                                                                 13,331              13,537
     Property rentals                                                                         715,720             779,705

     Total                                                                                    966,148            1,034,091



     The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue by timing of satisfaction of performance obligations:


                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                                          (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000

     Revenue recognised at a point in time                                                     81,193              82,010
     Revenue recognised over time                                                             168,892             171,916
     Other sources                                                                            716,063             780,165

     Total                                                                                    966,148            1,034,091




68
                                                  NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

7.   EXPENSES BY NATURE

                                                                                                                Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                                       2025                   2024
                                                                                                               (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Property management fee (i)                                                                                    21,990                 24,212
      Employee benefit expense                                                                                       65,943                 64,439
      Real estate tax                                                                                                98,186                102,253
      Flood prevention fee, urban construction and maintenance tax,
            education surcharge and local education surcharge                                                          4,870                  5,200
      Withholding tax (ii)                                                                                           20,257                 23,020
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 12)                                                        42,948                 45,845
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 13)                                                                  30,593                 30,593
      Cost of inventories sold or consumed in operation                                                              42,116                 43,685
      Other direct expenses on hotel and serviced apartments                                                         42,233                 41,743
      Manager’s fee (Note 8)                                                                                         83,964                 85,136
      Manager’s fee adjustment                                                                                      (43,293)                 (7,354)
      Trustee’s fee                                                                                                    6,275                  6,350
      Valuation fee                                                                                                      488                    498
      Legal and professional fee                                                                                       6,608                  2,121
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                           1,200                  1,200
      Bank charges                                                                                                       334                    345
      Foreign exchange losses                                                                                          4,338                  7,421
      Write back of construction payable                                                                              (6,270)                     —
      Others                                                                                                           9,361                  4,910

      Total operating expenses, net                                                                                432,141                 481,617


     Notes:


     (i)      The Group received leasing, marketing and tenancy management services from three leasing agents, namely, Guangzhou Yuexiu Yicheng
              Business Operation Management Co., Ltd. (“Yicheng BM”), Guangzhou Baima Business Operation Management Co., Ltd. (“Baima BM”) and
              Guangzhou IFC Business Management Co., Ltd. (“GZ IFC Management”) (Note 26).


     (ii)     Withholding tax on the rental income and interest income derived from properties located in Chinese Mainland and held by BVI companies is
              calculated at a rate of 10%.




                                                                                                                                                    69
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

8.   MANAGER’S FEE
     Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Manager is entitled to receive remuneration for its services as manager of Yuexiu
     REIT, which is the aggregate of a base fee of 0.3% per annum of the carrying value of the deposited property as
     defined in the Trust Deed; a service fee of 3% per annum of net property income; a transaction fee of 1% of the
     consideration for the acquisition of any real estate from external party and a transaction fee of 0.5% of the gross
     sale price of the disposal of any part of deposited property comprising of Real Estate, as defined in the Trust Deed.


                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                           (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

     Manager’s fee:
     In the form of units                                                                       62,755             85,136
     In the form of cash                                                                        21,209                  —

     Total                                                                                      83,964             85,136



     Pursuant to the circular of Yuexiu REIT dated 13 November 2021 (“2021 Circular”) and subsequent announcement
     dated 14 January 2025, the base fee for the year ending 31 December 2025 will be paid in the form of units, and
     the service fee for the year ending 31 December 2025 will be paid in cash. In accordance with the Trust Deed,
     the Manager Fee Units for the period ended 30 June 2025 are expected to be issued on 2 September 2025. Also
     in accordance with the Trust Deed, the issue price of the units (and consequentially the number of units to be
     issued to the Manager) will be calculated based on the higher of (i) the closing price of the units on the trading
     day immediately preceding 2 September 2025 and (ii) the average closing price of the units in the 10 trading days
     immediately preceding 2 September 2025.


9.   FINANCE INCOME

                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                           (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000

     Interest income from bank deposits                                                          8,856             14,291
     Interest income from a related party (Note 26(a))                                           1,712               1,722

     Total                                                                                      10,568             16,013




70
                                        NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

10. FINANCE EXPENSES

                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                              2025             2024
                                                                                        (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000

    Interest expense for bank borrowings                                                   311,274          373,008
    Interest expense for other borrowings                                                   79,202           83,544
    Interest and finance charges paid/payable for lease liabilities (Note 13)                  182              424
    Amortisation of transaction costs for borrowings                                        12,410             9,076
    Foreign exchange losses on financing activities                                         58,231           10,615

    Total                                                                                  461,299          476,667



11. INCOME TAX CREDIT/(EXPENSE)
   For the subsidiaries incorporated and operating in Chinese Mainland, they are subject to China corporate income tax
   at a rate of 25% under Corporate Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China.

   For other subsidiaries with operations in Chinese Mainland, the corporate income tax was paid by way of withholding
   tax as disclosed in Note 7(ii).

   No Hong Kong profits tax has been provided as the Group has no assessable profit in Hong Kong.


                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                              2025             2024
                                                                                        (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000

    Current income tax
      – China corporate income tax                                                          44,047           42,174
      – PRC withholding tax                                                                  5,973           22,265
    Deferred income tax (Note 20)                                                          (54,871)          25,081

    Total                                                                                    (4,851)         89,520




                                                                                                                    71
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                         Hotel and
                                                          serviced       Office         Motor
                                                       apartments      supplies       vehicles            Total
                                                          RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000

     Six months ended 30 June 2024
     Opening net book amount as
       at 1 January 2024                                 2,131,000         244            398         2,131,642
     Additions                                                6,653          —              —             6,653
     Depreciation                                           (45,845)         —              —           (45,845)
     Disposal                                                    —           —            (105)            (105)
     Fair value gains on revaluation                        66,192           —              —            66,192

     Closing net book amount as
       at 30 June 2024                                   2,158,000         244            293         2,158,537

     At 30 June 2024
     At fair value                                       2,158,000           —              —         2,158,000
     At cost                                                     —         244            293               537

     Total                                               2,158,000         244            293         2,158,537

     Six months ended 30 June 2025
     Opening net book amount as
       at 1 January 2025                                 1,974,000         244            116         1,974,360
     Additions                                              12,901           —              —            12,901
     Depreciation                                          (42,948)          —              —           (42,948)
     Fair value losses on revaluation                      (26,953)          —              —           (26,953)

     Closing net book amount as
       at 30 June 2025                                   1,917,000         244            116         1,917,360

     At 30 June 2025
     At fair value                                       1,917,000           —              —         1,917,000
     At cost                                                     —         244            116               360

     Total                                               1,917,000         244            116         1,917,360



     If hotel and serviced apartments had not been revalued, it would have been included in the interim condensed
     consolidated financial information at historical cost less accumulated depreciation of RMB1,131,574,000 (31
     December 2024: RMB1,187,645,000).




72
                                       NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

12. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
   As at 30 June 2025, property, plant and equipment with an aggregate carrying amount of approximately RMB1,707
   million (31 December 2024: RMB1,758 million) were pledged as collateral for the Group’s bank borrowings (Note 23).


   Valuation processes of the Group

   The Group measures the building portion of hotel and serviced apartments at fair value. Hotel and serviced
   apartments were revalued by Savills Valuation and Professional Services Limited (“Savills”), being independent
   qualified valuer not related to the Group as at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024.

   The Group’s finance department includes a team that reviews the valuations performed by the independent valuer
   for financial reporting purposes. This team reports directly to the senior management. Discussions of valuation
   processes and results are held between the management and the valuer at least once every six months, in line with
   the Group’s interim and annual reporting dates.

   At each financial period end, the finance department:

   •     Verifies all major inputs to the independent valuation report

   •     Assesses property valuations movements when compared to the prior year valuation report

   •     Holds discussions with the independent valuer


   Valuation techniques

   Fair value of the building portion of hotel and serviced apartments of Guangzhou International Financial Centre
   (“Guangzhou IFC”) is derived using depreciated replacement cost method.

   The depreciated replacement cost method involves estimation of the market redevelopment costs of the building
   portion of hotel and serviced apartments of Guangzhou IFC which includes building costs, finance costs and
   professional fee. Depreciation is also considered to reflect the physical deterioration, functional and economic
   obsolescence to derive the fair value.

   The overall fair value (including land and building portions) of hotel and serviced apartments in Chinese Mainland
   is generally derived using the discounted cash flow analysis. Due to lack of land transaction in market, fair value
   of land, for disclosure purpose only as set out in Note 13, is therefore calculated as the difference between the fair
   value under discounted cash flow analysis and the fair value under depreciated replacement cost method.

   The building portion of hotel and serviced apartments in property, plant and equipment are included in Level 3 (31
   December 2024: Level 3) of the fair value hierarchy.




                                                                                                                       73
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

13. LEASE

                                                                     Land use rights    Staff quarter            Total
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000

     Right-of-use assets
     At 1 January 2024                                                    1,133,547           22,814         1,156,361
     Depreciation                                                            (24,642)         (5,951)          (30,593)

     At 30 June 2024                                                      1,108,905           16,863         1,125,768

     At 1 January 2025                                                    1,084,262           10,912         1,095,174
     Depreciation                                                           (24,642)          (5,951)          (30,593)

     At 30 June 2025                                                      1,059,620            4,961         1,064,581



     Lease liabilities

                                                                                             30 June     31 December
                                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)          (Audited)

     Current portion                                                                           5,429            11,826
     Non-current portion                                                                          —                  —

     Total                                                                                     5,429            11,826



     As at 30 June 2025, the fair value of land use rights is approximately RMB2,897 million (31 December 2024:
     RMB2,840 million). The change in fair value was not reflected in the interim condensed consolidated financial
     information.

     As at 30 June 2025, right-of-use assets were pledged with an aggregate net book amount of approximately RMB979
     million (31 December 2024: RMB1,002 million) as collateral for the Group’s bank borrowings (Note 23).




74
                                        NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

13. LEASE (CONTINUED)
    Lease liabilities (CONTINUED)

    The interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income shows the following amount relating to
    leases:

    Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets


                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                     (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000

    Land use rights                                                                       24,642              24,642
    Staff quarter                                                                          5,951               5,951

    Total                                                                                 30,593              30,593

    Interest expense (included in finance expenses) (Note 10)                                182                 424



14. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                     (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000

    Beginning of the period                                                           37,494,008        37,771,146
    Exchange differences                                                                   (1,391)               751
    Capitalised expenditure                                                                8,176              24,120
    Fair value losses during the period, included in profit or
       loss under “Fair value losses on investment properties”                          (425,546)             (69,471)

    End of the period                                                                 37,075,247        37,726,546



    In the interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, direct operating expenses include
    RMB18,570,000 (six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB19,087,000) relating to investment properties that were
    vacant.

    As at 30 June 2025, investment properties with an aggregate carrying value of approximately RMB3,698 million (31
    December 2024: RMB3,720 million) were pledged as collateral for the Group’s bank borrowings (Note 23).




                                                                                                                    75
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

14. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
     Valuation processes of the Group

     The Group measures its investment properties at fair value. The investment properties were revalued by Savills
     being independent qualified valuer not related to the Group as at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024.

     The Group’s finance department includes a team that reviews the valuations performed by the independent valuer
     for financial reporting purposes. This team reports directly to the senior management. Discussions of valuation
     processes and results are held between the management and valuer at least once every six months, in line with the
     Group’s interim and annual reporting dates.

     At each financial period end, the finance department:

     •      Verifies all major inputs to the independent valuation report

     •      Assesses property valuations movements when compared to the prior year valuation report

     •      Holds discussions with the independent valuer


     Valuation techniques

     Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs

     (a)    Investment properties in Chinese Mainland

            As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, Savills mainly relied on the income capitalisation method as the
            primary approach and cross-checked by the direct comparison approach. The use of income capitalisation
            method is in line with market practice of property valuation for income-producing commercial assets which
            are the main asset class of the Group.

            The income capitalisation method is based on the capitalisation of the current passing rental income and
            potential reversionary income of the property from the date of valuation at appropriate investment yields to
            arrive at the capital value. Appropriate adjustments or deductions for rent-free periods, ongoing vacancy voils,
            marketing periods and non-recoverable expenses for the vacant space have been considered.

            The income capitalisation method is used to capitalise the unexpired rental incomes of contractual tenancies.
            It has also taken into account the reversionary market rents after the expiry of tenancies in capitalisation.
            The prevailing market rents adopted in the valuation have made reference to recent lettings and other similar
            comparable properties in the vicinity.




76
                                       NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

14. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
   Valuation techniques (CONTINUED)

   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (CONTINUED)

   (b)   Investment properties in Hong Kong

         As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, Savills relied on the direct comparison approach for the valuation
         of investment properties located in Hong Kong. Sales prices of comparable properties in close proximity are
         adjusted for differences in key attributes such as property size. The key input under this approach is the price
         per square foot from current year sales of comparable properties.

         The investment properties are included in Level 3 (31 December 2024: Level 3) of the fair value hierarchy.


15. DEFERRED ASSETS, PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
   Rental income is recognised on an accrued basis by averaging out the impact of rent-free periods, contracted rental
   escalations and such other terms affecting the cash received from rental income under each tenancy agreement.
   Thus, rental income is recognised on a straight-line basis for the entire lease term of each tenancy agreement,
   which effectively amortises the impact of rent-free periods, contracted rental escalations and other relevant terms
   on the rental income over the relevant lease periods. The temporary difference between the rental income as set
   out in the lease agreements and accounting rental income is reflected as deferred assets. Deferred assets which
   are expected to be realised within twelve months after the balance sheet date are classified as current assets.
   The balance of prepayments, deposits and other receivables mainly represents other tax prepayments, deposits
   for utilities and property maintenance fund. The deferred assets, prepayments, deposits and other receivables are
   mainly denominated in RMB.




                                                                                                                       77
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

16. GOODWILL

                                                                                             30 June     31 December
                                                                                                2025            2024
                                                                                          (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000

     Cost                                                                                    859,868         859,868
     Accumulated impairment                                                                  (20,867)        (20,867)

     Net book amount                                                                         839,001         839,001



17. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

                                                                                             30 June         30 June
                                                                                                2025            2024
                                                                                          (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000

     Net realised gains from derivative financial instruments                                      —          26,642



18. TRADE AND LEASE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                             30 June     31 December
                                                                                                2025            2024
                                                                                          (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000

     Trade and lease receivables                                                              23,191          20,751
     Less: allowance                                                                           (3,470)         (1,976)

     Trade and lease receivables, net                                                         19,721          18,775



     The fair values of trade and lease receivables approximate their carrying amounts.




78
                                         NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                         FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

18. TRADE AND LEASE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
   The credit terms of the Group are generally within three months. The aging analysis of trade and lease receivables
   by invoice date is as follows:


                                                                                         30 June      31 December
                                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                                     (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

    0 - 30 days                                                                           12,436            13,363
    31 - 90 days                                                                           2,993              4,590
    91 - 180 days                                                                          3,956               815
    181 - 365 days                                                                         2,654              1,700
    Over 1 year                                                                            1,152               283

    Total                                                                                 23,191            20,751



   The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from
   initial recognition of the receivables.

   All of the Group’s trade and lease receivables are denominated in RMB.


19. BANK DEPOSITS AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                         30 June      31 December
                                                                                            2025              2024
                                                                                     (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000

    Current
    Cash at bank and on hand                                                           1,260,385         1,294,763
    Short-term bank deposits with original maturity of less than three months            234,003           101,391

    Cash and cash equivalents                                                          1,494,388         1,396,154
    Short-term bank deposits with original maturity of more
      than three months but less than twelve months                                       60,000            50,000

    Total                                                                              1,554,388         1,446,154

    Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                    1,554,088         1,445,804




                                                                                                                   79
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

19. BANK DEPOSITS AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (CONTINUED)
     As at 30 June 2025, included in the bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents of the Group are bank deposits
     of approximately RMB1,189,786,000 (31 December 2024: RMB1,104,452,000) denominated in RMB, which is not a
     freely convertible currency in the international market and its exchange rate is determined by the People’s Bank of
     China. The remittance of these funds out of Chinese Mainland is subject to exchange control restrictions imposed by
     the Chinese government.

     The credit quality of bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents has been assessed by reference to external credit
     ratings (if available) or to historical information about the counterparty default rates. The existing counterparties do
     not have defaults in the past.

     The carrying amounts of bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents approximate their fair values.

     Bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                               30 June       31 December
                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                            (Unaudited)           (Audited)
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

     RMB                                                                                     1,190,086           1,104,801
     HK$                                                                                       308,624             324,852
     US$                                                                                         55,678             16,501

     Total                                                                                   1,554,388           1,446,154



20. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES

                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                            (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

     Beginning of the period                                                                 5,523,292           5,521,648
     Deferred taxation (credited)/charged to profit or loss (Note 11)                           (54,871)            25,081
     Deferred taxation (credited)/charged to reserve                                             (7,549)            18,538

     End of the period                                                                       5,460,872           5,565,267




80
                                      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

21. TRADE PAYABLES
   The fair values of trade payables approximate their carrying amounts. The aging analysis of the trade payables by
   invoice date is as follows:


                                                                                        30 June      31 December
                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                     (Unaudited)         (Audited)
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000

    0 - 30 days                                                                           6,123              9,585
    31 - 90 days                                                                          6,097              5,111
    91 - 180 days                                                                           962              1,272
    181 - 365 days                                                                          250               549
    Over 1 year                                                                             429                 —

    Total                                                                                13,861             16,517



   All of the Group’s trade payables are denominated in RMB.

22. RENTAL DEPOSITS, RECEIPTS IN ADVANCE, ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                        30 June      31 December
                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                     (Unaudited)         (Audited)
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000
    Rental deposits
      Current portion                                                                   181,230           218,685
      Non-current portion                                                               191,168           163,143

    Subtotal                                                                            372,398           381,828

    Receipts in advance                                                                  93,858           102,138

    Accrued urban real estate tax                                                        65,081             53,752
    Accrued withholding tax payable                                                       9,855              9,663
    Accrued surcharge tax                                                                14,669             21,659
    Construction payable                                                                109,254           121,852
    Accrued interest expenses                                                            80,619           113,410
    Accruals for operating expenses                                                     128,522           122,292

    Accruals and other payables                                                         408,000           442,628

    Total                                                                               874,256           926,594



                                                                                                                  81
            Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

22. RENTAL DEPOSITS, RECEIPTS IN ADVANCE, ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES
     (CONTINUED)
     Notes:


     (i)      The carrying amounts of rental deposits, receipts in advance and accruals and other payables approximate their fair values. Majority of the
              Group’s rental deposits, receipts in advance and accruals and other payables are denominated in RMB and HKD.


23. BORROWINGS

                                                                                                                     30 June          31 December
                                                                                                                         2025                   2024
                                                                                                                (Unaudited)                (Audited)
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000

      Current
      Short-term bank borrowings
           – Unsecured                                                                                               400,000                 530,000
      Current portion of long-term borrowings
      Bank borrowings
           – Secured (Note a)                                                                                     3,922,333                  165,000
           – Unsecured                                                                                            1,484,643               3,912,000
      Other borrowings, unsecured (Note b)                                                                        4,343,688                         —

      Total current borrowings                                                                                   10,150,664               4,607,000

      Non-current
      Long-term borrowings
      Bank borrowings
           – Secured (Note a)                                                                                     4,866,733               4,947,900
           – Unsecured                                                                                            9,957,433              10,727,544
      Other borrowings, unsecured (Note b)                                                                        5,341,305               4,374,512

      Total long-term borrowings                                                                                 20,165,471              20,049,956
      Less: current portion of long-term borrowings                                                               (9,750,664)             (4,077,000)

      Non-current portion of long-term borrowings                                                                10,414,807              15,972,956

      Analysis into:
           – Unsecured                                                                                           15,698,738              15,632,056
           – Secured                                                                                              4,866,733               4,947,900

      Total                                                                                                      20,565,471              20,579,956




82
                                                NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

23. BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
   Note a:


   As at 30 June 2025, bank loans of approximately RMB4,866 million (31 December 2024: RMB4,948 million) are secured by certain parts of Guangzhou
   IFC with carrying value of RMB6,384 million (31 December 2024: RMB6,480 million).


   Note b:


   On 2 February 2021, Yuexiu REIT MTN Company Limited (“REIT MTN”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Yuexiu REIT, issued and sold a total of US$400
   million principal amount of 2.65% notes due in February 2026 to investors under the MTN Programme, which was updated in January 2021.


   On 24 March 2023 and 2 April 2025, MOON KING LIMITED, a wholly owned subsidiary of Yuexiu REIT, issued and sold RMB1,500 million principal
   amount of 4.15% guaranteed notes due in March 2026 and RMB1,000 million principal amount of 4.10% guaranteed notes due in April 2028,
   respectively.



24. NET ASSETS ATTRIBUTABLE TO UNITHOLDERS

                                                                                                                Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                                                (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000

    Beginning of the period                                                                                     14,829,378        15,632,979
    Issuance of units                                                                                               39,499             76,210
    Transfer from the interim condensed consolidated
       statement of comprehensive income                                                                          (232,480)            (65,809)
    Distributions paid during the period                                                                          (129,555)          (148,873)

    End of the period                                                                                           14,506,842        15,494,507



   The movement of numbers of existing units is as below:


                                                                                                                Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                                      2025                 2024
    Units in issue (’000)                                                                                       (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)

    Beginning of the period                                                                                      5,090,738          4,915,738
    Manager’s fee in form of units (Note a)                                                                         50,348             80,000

    End of the period                                                                                            5,141,086          4,995,738


   Note a:


   During the period, 50,348,379 units were issued for the payment of manager’s fee (2024: 80,000,000 units).




                                                                                                                                               83
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

25. LOSS PER UNIT BASED UPON LOSS AFTER INCOME TAX BEFORE TRANSACTIONS
    WITH UNITHOLDERS ATTRIBUTABLE TO UNITHOLDERS
     Basic loss per unit based upon loss after income tax before transactions with unitholders attributable to unitholders
     is calculated by dividing the loss after income tax before transactions with unitholders attributable to unitholders by
     the weighted average number of units in issue during the period.


                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                           (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
     Loss after income tax before transactions with
        unitholders attributable to unitholders (RMB’000)                                     (322,373)           (30,779)

     Weighted average number of units in issue (’000)                                        5,115,773          4,959,937

     Basic and diluted loss per unit (RMB)                                                        (0.06)             (0.01)



     Diluted loss per unit based upon loss after income tax before transactions with unitholders attributable to
     unitholders is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of units outstanding to assume conversion of
     all dilutive potential units. Yuexiu REIT has deferred units outstanding and manager’s fee in form of units during the
     period which are dilutive potential units. The deferred units outstanding and manager’s fee in form of units during
     the six-month period ended 30 June 2025 are not included in the calculation of diluted loss per unit because they
     are antidilutive for the period ended 30 June 2025.




84
                                        NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26. CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
    TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES
   As at 30 June 2025, the Group was significantly influenced by YXP (incorporated in Hong Kong), which owns
   approximately 41% (31 December 2024: 39%) of Yuexiu REIT’s units. The remaining units are widely held.

   The table set forth below summarised the names of connected/related companies and nature of relationship with
   Yuexiu REIT as at 30 June 2025:


   Connected/related companies                                               Relationship with Yuexiu REIT

   YXP ¹                                                                     A major unitholder of Yuexiu REIT

   The Manager ¹                                                             An associate of YXP

   GZ IFC Management ¹                                                       An associate of YXP

   Yicheng BM ¹                                                              A subsidiary of YXP

   Guangzhou White Horse Clothings Market Ltd.                               A subsidiary of YXP
     (“White Horse JV”) ¹

   Baima BM ¹                                                                A subsidiary of YXP

   Guangzhou Yuexiu Xingye Property Agent Ltd. (“Xingye”) ¹                  A subsidiary of YXP

   Guangzhou City Construction and                                           A subsidiary of YXP
     Development Co., Ltd. (“GCCD”) ¹

   Guangzhou Construction & Development                                      A subsidiary of YXP
     Holdings (China) Limited (“GCD (China)”) ¹

   Guangzhou Yuexiu Holdings Limited (“GZYX”) ¹                              Immediate holding company of Yue Xiu

   Guangzhou Yuexiu Enterprises (Holdings) Ltd. (“YXE”) ¹                    A subsidiary of GZYX

   Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital Holdings                                         A subsidiary of GZYX
     Group Co., Ltd. (“GZYCHG”)

   Yue Xiu Enterprises (Holdings) Limited (“Yue Xiu”)                        A major shareholder of YXP




                                                                                                                 85
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26. CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
    TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)

     Connected/related companies                                     Relationship with Yuexiu REIT

     Guangzhou City Construction and                                 A subsidiary of YXE
       Development Group Co., Ltd. (“GCCD BVI”) ¹

     Guangzhou Grandcity Development Ltd.                            A subsidiary of YXP

     Guangzhou Yue Xiu City Construction Jones                       A subsidiary of YXP
       Lang LaSalle Property Services Co., Ltd. (“GZ JLL”) ¹

     Guangzhou Suiqiao Development Co., Ltd. (“Suiqiao”) ¹           A subsidiary of Yue Xiu

     Guangzhou Yuexiu Industrial Investment                          A subsidiary of GZYCHG
       Fund Management Co., Ltd. ¹

     Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. ¹                  A subsidiary of GZYCHG

     Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital Holdings Co., Ltd. ¹                   A subsidiary of GZYCHG

     Guangzhou Yue Xiu Enterprises Development Ltd.                  A subsidiary of YXE

     Guangzhou Yue Tong Expressway Operations and                    A subsidiary of Yue Xiu
       Management Company Limited (“Yue Tong”) ¹

     Guangzhou Yue Peng Information Ltd. (“Yue Peng”) ¹              A subsidiary of Yue Xiu

     Yuexiu (China) Transport Infrastructure                         A subsidiary of Yue Xiu
       Investment Company Limited

     Yuexiu Transport Infrastructure                                 A subsidiary of Yue Xiu
       Limited (“Yuexiu Transport”) ¹

     Chong Hing Bank Limited (“Chong Hing Bank”) ¹                   A subsidiary of Yue Xiu

     Chong Hing Bank Limited Guangzhou                               A subsidiary of Yue Xiu
       Sub-Branch (“Chong Hing Guangzhou”) ¹

     Chong Hing Bank Limited Shanghai                                A subsidiary of Yue Xiu
       Branch (“Chong Hing Shanghai”) ¹

     Chong Hing Insurance Company Limited                            A subsidiary of Yue Xiu
       (“Chong Hing Insurance”) ¹




86
                                      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26. CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
    TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)

   Connected/related companies                                Relationship with Yuexiu REIT

   Guangzhou Paper Group Ltd. ¹                               A subsidiary of YXE

   Guangzhou Futures Co., Ltd. ¹                              A subsidiary of GZYCHG

   廣州市祥港房地產開發有限公司                                             A subsidiary of YXP

   廣州市宏錦房地產開發有限公司                                             A subsidiary of YXP

   廣州東耀房地產開發有限公司                                              A subsidiary of YXP

   廣州市城建開發集團名特網絡發展有限公司                                        A subsidiary of GZYX

   廣州鵬燁貿易有限公司¹                                                A subsidiary of YXP

   Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Technology Co., Ltd. ¹          A subsidiary of GZYCHG

   Shanghai Yuexiu Finance Leasing Co., Ltd. ¹                A subsidiary of GZYCHG

   武漢康景實業投資有限公司                                               A subsidiary of YXP

   廣州城建開發設計院有限公司¹                                             A subsidiary of GZYX

   廣州越秀商業地產經營管理有限公司¹                                          A subsidiary of YXP

   Yue Xiu Consultants (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                   A subsidiary of Yue Xiu

   杭州越秀房地產開發有限公司¹                                             A subsidiary of YXP

   杭州越榮房地產開發有限公司                                              A subsidiary of YXP

   杭州盛寅房地產開發有限公司                                              A subsidiary of YXP

   杭州豐勝房地產開發有限公司                                              A subsidiary of YXP

   杭州杭秀房地產開發有限公司¹                                             A subsidiary of YXP

   杭州越嘉房地產開發有限公司¹                                             A subsidiary of YXP

   武漢越秀商業管理有限公司¹                                              A subsidiary of YXP

   廣州市品秀房地產開發有限公司                                             A subsidiary of YXP




                                                                                              87
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26. CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
    TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)

     Connected/related companies                                     Relationship with Yuexiu REIT

     Guangzhou Yuexiu Business Operation                             A subsidiary of YXP
       Management Co., Ltd.

     廣州越秀星寓公寓管理有限公司¹                                                 A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州雋越房地產開發有限責任公司                                                 A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州越秀資本投資管理有限公司¹                                                 A subsidiary of GZYCHG

     Guangzhou Yuexiu Kunpeng Private Equity Fund                    A subsidiary of GZYCHG
       Management Co., Ltd.

     廣州悅秀智訊科技信息諮詢有限公司¹                                               A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州白馬電子商務股份有限公司                                                  A subsidiary of YXE

     廣州城建開發裝飾有限公司¹                                                   A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州越秀城開房地產開發有限公司¹                                                A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州城建開發工程造價諮詢有限公司¹                                               A subsidiary of YXP

     廣期資本管理 (上海) 有限公司¹                                               A subsidiary of GZYCHG

     廣州資產管理有限公司¹                                                     A subsidiary of GZYCHG

     廣州東秀房地產開發有限公司                                                   A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州越秀華城房地產開發有限公司¹                                                A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州皇上皇集團股份有限公司                                                   A subsidiary of YXE

     廣州風行乳業股份有限公司                                                    A subsidiary of YXE

     金鷹基金管理有限公司¹                                                     A subsidiary of GZYCHG

     廣州宏勝房地產開發有限公司                                                   A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州裕秀房地產開發有限公司                                                   An associate of YXP

     廣州越冠房地產開發有限公司¹                                                  A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州匯城實業發展有限公司                                                    A subsidiary of YXP



88
                                     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26. CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
    TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)

   Connected/related companies                               Relationship with Yuexiu REIT


   廣州敏秀房地產開發有限公司                                             A joint venture of YXP

   廣州南方智媒產業園有限公司                                             A subsidiary of YXP

   廣州樾富房地產開發有限公司                                             A subsidiary of YXP

   廣州市品薈房地產開發有限公司¹                                           A subsidiary of YXP

   廣州越宏房地產開發有限公司¹                                            An associate of YXP

   廣州市佰城投資發展有限公司¹                                            A subsidiary of YXP

   Guangzhou Yuexiu Foods Group Co., Ltd. (“Yuexiu Foods”)   A subsidiary of YXE

   廣州越秀投資發展有限公司¹                                             A subsidiary of YXE

   廣州越創智數信息科技有限公司¹                                           A subsidiary of YXP

   廣州皇上皇食品商貿有限公司                                             A subsidiary of YXE

   廣州市品輝房地產開發有限公司                                            A subsidiary of YXP

   廣州市品悅房地產開發有限公司¹                                           A subsidiary of YXP

   廣州鳴泉居會議中心有限公司                                             A subsidiary of GZYX

   廣州市悅冠智能科技有限公司¹                                            A subsidiary of YXP

   廣州悅秀會信息科技有限公司¹                                            A subsidiary of YXP

   輝山乳業 (瀋陽) 銷售有限公司¹                                         A subsidiary of YXE

   廣州市品臻房地產開發有限公司¹                                           An associate of YXP

   廣州越建工程管理有限公司¹                                             A subsidiary of YXP

   廣州市穗港澳合作交流促進會¹                                            A subsidiary of YXP

   湖北悅秀薈房地產經紀有限公司                                            A subsidiary of YXP

   廣州越達投資有限責任公司                                              A subsidiary of Yue Xiu

   Guangzhou Yuexiu Venture Investment Fund                  A subsidiary of GZYCHG
     Management Co., Ltd. ¹



                                                                                             89
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26. CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
    TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)

     Connected/related companies                                     Relationship with Yuexiu REIT

     廣州越創房地產開發有限公司                                                   An associate of YXP

     Dragon Yield Holding Limited (“Dragon Yield”)                   A subsidiary of YXP

     The Trustee                                                     The Trustee of Yuexiu REIT

     The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation                   Associates of the Trustee
       Limited and its subsidiaries (the “HSBC Group”) ¹

     Yue Xiu Securities Company Limited ¹                            A subsidiary of GZYX

     廣州天盈房地產開發有限公司¹                                                  A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州天越房地產開發有限公司¹                                                  A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州越秀物業發展有限公司¹                                                   A subsidiary of YXP

     Guangzhou Guang Zheng Hang Seng Research Co., Ltd.              A subsidiary of GZYCHG
       (“Guang Zheng”)

     Guangzhou Securities Co., Limited                               A subsidiary of GZYCHG

     廣州越秀地產工程管理有限公司                                                  A subsidiary of YXP

     中信証券華南股份有限公司                                                    A subsidiary of GZYCHG

     廣州越秀資產管理有限公司                                                    A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州越浩房地產開發有限公司¹                                                  A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州市悅匯城商業經營管理有限公司武漢分公司¹                                          A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州市品鑫房地產開發有限公司¹                                                 A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州越秀融資擔保有限公司¹                                                   A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州鳴泉居酒店有限公司第一分公司¹                                               A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州市祥發房地產有限公司¹                                                   A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州新厚德投資發展有限公司¹                                                  A subsidiary of YXP




90
                                        NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26. CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
    TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)

   Connected/related companies                                                   Relationship with Yuexiu REIT

   廣州城建開發宏城車場物業管理有限公司                                                            A subsidiary of YXP

   Guangzhou Yuexiu Fengxing Foods Group Co., Ltd                                A subsidiary of YXE
       (“YX Fengxing Foods”)

   廣州國金商業經營管理有限公司上海分公司                                                           A subsidiary of YXP

   杭州燚樂實業投資有限公司¹                                                                 A subsidiary of YXP

   Savills Valuation and Professional Services Limited                           The current principal valuer of
       (the “Incumbent Valuer”)                                                     Yuexiu REIT


   Note:

   1       These connected companies are also considered as related companies of the Group. Transactions and
           balances carried out with these related companies are disclosed in notes (a) and (b) below.




                                                                                                                   91
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26. CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
    TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)
     (a)    Transactions with connected/related companies

            The following transactions and balances were carried out with connected/related companies:


                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                              2025             2024
                                                                                       (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)
                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000

             Asset management fee paid/payable to
               – the Manager (note ii)                                                      83,964           85,136

             Management fee paid/payable to
               – Yicheng BM                                                                 10,870           12,544
               – Baima BM                                                                    3,280            3,341
               – GZ IFC Management                                                           7,840            8,327

             Rental income received/receivable from
               – Xingye                                                                          —            2,351
               – Yicheng BM                                                                  4,115            3,860
               – GCCD                                                                       13,470            8,108
               – Suiqiao                                                                       274                275
               – Guangzhou Futures Co., Ltd.                                                   307                427
               – Guangzhou Yuexiu Industrial Investment Fund
                    Management Co., Ltd.                                                       495                470
               – GZ JLL                                                                      8,729            9,155
               – Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.                                9,582            7,864
               – GZ IFC Management                                                           7,187            6,647
               – Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital Holdings Co., Ltd.                                11,871           12,324
               – Yue Tong                                                                    4,505            4,501
               – Yue Peng                                                                      363                365
               – Guangzhou Paper Group Ltd.                                                    140                139
               – Chong Hing Guangzhou                                                        7,795            8,398
               – Chong Hing Shanghai                                                         2,692            2,705
               – 杭州燚樂實業投資有限公司                                                                1,603                 —
               – 廣州鵬燁貿易有限公司                                                                  1,090            1,096
               – Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Technology Co., Ltd.                                 —                200
               – Shanghai Yuexiu Finance Leasing Co., Ltd.                                   2,833            2,922




92
                                      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26. CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
    TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)
   (a)   Transactions with connected/related companies (CONTINUED)

                                                                     Six months ended 30 June

                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                     (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000

         Rental income received/receivable from
           – 武漢越秀商業管理有限公司                                                 1,398            1,406
           – 廣州城建開發設計院有限公司                                                1,092                 229
           – 廣州越秀商業地產經營管理有限公司                                               458                 403
           – 廣州越秀資本投資管理有限公司                                               1,866            2,108
           – 杭州越秀房地產開發有限公司                                                2,647            2,660
           – 廣州悅秀智訊科技信息諮詢有限公司                                             1,564            1,573
           – 廣州城建開發工程造價諮詢有限公司                                                42                  —
           – 廣州越秀融資擔保有限公司                                                    77                  —
           – 廣期資本管理 (上海) 有限公司                                             1,591            1,587
           – 廣州資產管理有限公司                                                   8,982            9,537
           – 廣州鳴泉居酒店有限公司第一分公司                                                 3                  —
           – Guangzhou Yuexiu Venture Investment Fund
               Management Co., Ltd.                                       2,629            3,045
           – 廣州越秀城開房地產開發有限公司                                                933                 930
           – 廣州越秀華城房地產開發有限公司                                              6,444           20,271
           – 廣州市悅匯城商業經營管理有限公司武漢分公司                                        1,207                  —
           – 廣州市祥發房地產有限公司                                                   410                  —
           – 廣州新厚德投資發展有限公司                                                   24                  —
           – 廣州越宏房地產開發有限公司                                                    —                 16
           – 廣州市佰城投資發展有限公司                                                4,365            4,385
           – GZYX                                                        30,004           31,191
           – 廣州越秀投資發展有限公司                                                   115                 139
           – 廣州越創智數信息科技有限公司                                                 145                 161
           – 杭州杭秀房地產開發有限公司                                                    —                 531
           – 杭州越嘉房地產開發有限公司                                                    —            1,079
           – 金鷹基金管理有限公司                                                   2,988            3,995
           – 廣州越浩房地產開發有限公司                                               12,477                  —
           – 廣州市品鑫房地產開發有限公司                                               3,645                  —
           – 廣州越冠房地產開發有限公司                                                1,825            1,827
           – 廣州市品悅房地產開發有限公司                                                   —                 876
           – 廣州市穗港澳合作交流促進會                                                  192                 194


                                                                                                  93
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26. CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
    TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)
     (a)    Transactions with connected/related companies (CONTINUED)

                                                                        Six months ended 30 June

                                                                              2025             2024
                                                                        (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000

             Rental income received/receivable from
               – 廣州市品薈房地產開發有限公司                                                  —            2,648
               – 廣州市品臻房地產開發有限公司                                                  —            2,652
               – 廣州市悅冠智能科技有限公司                                                 834                 892
               – 廣州悅秀會信息科技有限公司                                                   7                  7
               – 輝山乳業 (瀋陽) 銷售有限公司                                              119                  45
               – YXP                                                           843                 773
               – the Manager                                                   423                 351
               – Yuexiu Transport                                              423                 351
               – 廣州越建工程管理有限公司                                                2,393            2,216
               – 廣州天盈房地產開發有限公司                                               8,732            6,747
               – 廣州天越房地產開發有限公司                                                   —            4,439
               – 廣州國金商業經營管理有限公司上海分公司                                           563                  —
               – 廣州越秀物業發展有限公司                                                4,758            4,784

             Principal element of lease payments paid to
               – 廣州越秀星寓公寓管理有限公司                                              6,580            5,804

             Rental income received/receivable from Trustee
               – the HSBC Group                                              2,405                  —

             Trustee’s fee paid/payable to
               – The Trustee                                                 6,275            6,350

             Interest expense paid/payable to
               – the HSBC Group                                              5,298            9,646
               – the Chong Hing Bank                                           899                  —
               – YXIC                                                        3,644            7,251




94
                                                 NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                 FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26. CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
    TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)
   (a)   Transactions with connected/related companies (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                                        2025                    2024
                                                                                                               (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000

          Commercial insurance fee paid to
                – the Chong Hing Insurance                                                                                   7                       8

          Bond underwriter’s fee paid/payable to
                – the HSBC Group                                                                                            —                        1
                – the Chong Hing Bank                                                                                      37                      22
                – Yue Xiu Securities Company Limited                                                                       43                      28

          Interest income received/receivable from
                – the Chong Hing Bank                                                                                     270                     223
                – the HSBC Group                                                                                          246                      24
                – GCCD                                                                                                 1,712                   1,722


         Notes:


         (i)      All transactions with connected/related companies were carried out in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements
                  governing the transactions.


         (ii)     The Manager’s fee is calculated as the 0.3% per annum of the carrying value of the deposited property as defined in the Trust Deed; a
                  service fee of 3% per annum of net property income; a transaction fee of 1% of the consideration for the acquisition of any real estate
                  from external party and a transaction fee of 0.5% of the gross sale price of the disposal of any part of deposited property comprising
                  of Real Estate, as defined in the Trust Deed (Note 8).




                                                                                                                                                      95
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26. CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
    TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)
     (b)    Balances with related companies

                                                                                             30 June       31 December
                                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                                          (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

             Amount due from GCCD (i)                                                          45,702           142,212
             Amount due from GCD (China)                                                       17,150            14,035
             Amount due to Yicheng BM                                                             574              2,034
             Amount due to Baima BM                                                             3,433               213
             Amount due to the Manager                                                       107,611            106,497
             Amount due to GZ IFC Management                                                    2,400              1,535
             Amount due to GCD (China)                                                            123               123
             Amount due to GCCD BVI                                                            10,000            10,000
             Amount due to YXP                                                                  2,426              2,448
             Bank deposit in Chong Hing Bank                                                   63,389              4,701
             Bank deposit in HSBC Group                                                        99,834           105,641
             Bank borrowing from the HSBC Group                                                37,516           318,328
             Bank borrowing from the Chong Hing Bank                                           33,742            34,263
             Rental income receivables from related companies                                   4,636              1,782
             Receipts in advance from related companies                                        10,522              2,823
             Rental deposits from related companies (ii)                                       74,173            68,697
             Rental deposits from HSBC Group                                                    1,389                 —
             Trade payable to related companies                                                 3,908              2,765

             Borrowing from the YXIC (iii)                                                          —           240,770



            Except for the borrowing from YXIC as disclosed in (iii) below and an amount due from GCCD of approximately
            RMB40 million (31 December 2024: RMB40 million) which is unsecured, interest bearing at 9% per annum and
            repayable on settlement of the related construction fee payable, all other balances with related companies are
            unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. All the balances are denominated in RMB and reasonable
            approximation to their fair values.




96
                                                  NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26. CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
    TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)
   (b)     Balances with related companies (CONTINUED)
           Notes:


           (i)      Pursuant to the settlement agency agreement entered into between GCCD and Tower Top, GCCD would be responsible for settling the
                    outstanding construction costs related to the construction of Guangzhou IFC. The receivable balance of RMB40 million (2024: RMB40
                    million) as at the end of the period represents the initial amount transferred to GCCD less the settlement of construction payable. To
                    the extent that there are residual funds after settlement of all outstanding construction costs, GCCD will be required to refund the
                    surplus cash to Tower Top after the settlement of such costs.


           (ii)     Rental deposits from related companies are included as rental deposits in the consolidated balance sheet.


           (iii)    The balance represented the outstanding borrowing of HK$260,000,000 due to Yue Xiu Investment Consultants Limited (“YXIC”) as of
                    31 December 2024, which was fully repaid in April 2025. The borrowing is at an interest rate of HIBOR plus 1.5% with a five-year term
                    commencing on 29 April 2020, which was originally drawn down under the facility agreement between Secure Shell (as borrower)
                    and several banks (as lenders) (the “Facility Agreement”) and was subsequently transferred from one of the original lenders to YXIC
                    on 17 August 2023. Pursuant to the Facility Agreement, Yuexiu REIT and Secure Shell were not parties to or otherwise involved in the
                    transfer.



   (c)     Key management compensation

           There was no key management compensation for the period ended 30 June 2025 (six months ended 30 June
           2024: Nil).


27. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                                                     30 June          31 December
                                                                                                                         2025                    2024
                                                                                                                 (Unaudited)                (Audited)
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000

   Capital commitments in respect of property,
         plant and equipment and investment properties
   Contracted but not provided for                                                                                     47,897                  53,747




                                                                                                                                                       97
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

28. FUTURE MINIMUM RENTAL RECEIVABLES
     At 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, the Group had future minimum rental receivables under non-cancellable
     leases as follows:


                                                                                      30 June     31 December
                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                  (Unaudited)         (Audited)
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000

     Within one year                                                                1,193,698        1,530,934
     Between one year and five years                                                1,642,988        2,005,528
     Over five years                                                                   29,745           34,734

     Total                                                                          2,866,431        3,571,196




98
                                                                                              PERFORMANCE TABLE

                                                       Unaudited              Unaudited              Unaudited              Unaudited             Unaudited
                                                    30 June 2025           30 June 2024           30 June 2023          30 June 2022           30 June 2021

 Net assets attributable to Unitholders
       (RMB’000)                                      14,506,842              15,494,507            15,663,576             16,973,668            14,564,303
 Net assets attributable to Unitholders
       per unit (RMB)                                         2.82                   3.10                  3.24                   3.63                  4.39
 Equivalent to HK$                                            3.09                   3.40                  3.51                   4.26                  5.27
 The highest premium of the traded price
       to net asset value                                    N/A(i)                 N/A(i)                 N/A                    N/A                    N/A
 The highest discount of the traded price
       to net asset value                               HK$2.42(i)             HK$2.60(i)              HK$2.12               HK$1.27                HK$1.57
 Net (loss)/earnings yield per unit                      (7.24)%(ii)            (0.65)%(ii)               1.19%               (3.89)%                 2.00%
 Number of units in issue                    5,141,086,550 units 4,995,738,171 units 4,833,663,307 units 4,671,788,055 units 3,319,228,131 units

Notes:


(i)        The highest premium is calculated based on the highest traded price of HK$0.95 (2024: HK$1.26) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Stock
           Exchange”) during the period from 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025. The highest discount is calculated based on the lowest traded price of HK$0.67
           (2024: HK$0.80) on the Stock Exchange during the period from 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025.


(ii)       Net loss yield per unit is calculated based on loss after tax before transactions with Unitholders per unit for the period from 1 January 2025 to 30
           June 2025 over the traded price of HK$0.87 as at 30 June 2025 (28 June 2024: HK$0.95) on the Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                                                                            99
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust | Interim Report 2025




CORPORATE AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
INFORMATION
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE MANAGER                                 PRINCIPAL BANKERS OF YUEXIU REIT
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                               Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                                  Bank of Communications Co.,Ltd.
Ms. Ou Haijing
                                                                  China CITIC Bank Co., Ltd.
Mr. Lin Deliang
                                                                  China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                                                                  China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                           DBS Bank Ltd.
Mr. Jiang Guoxiong (Chairman)                                     Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.
  (appointed on 22 May 2025)                                      Nanyang Commercial Bank, Limited
Mr. Zeng Zhizhao                                                  Ping An Bank Co., Ltd.
                                                                  Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd.
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS &                             The Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited

  AUDIT COMMITTEE MEMBERS
                                                                  REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE MANAGER
Mr. Chan Chi On, Derek
                                                                  Flat B, 17/F
Mr. Chan Chi Fai, Brian
                                                                  Yue Xiu Building
Mr. Cheung Yuk Tong
                                                                  160 Lockhart Road
Mr. Chen Xiaoou
                                                                  Wanchai, Hong Kong

RESPONSIBLE OFFICERS OF THE MANAGER
                                                                  UNIT REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Ms. Ou Haijing
                                                                  Tricor Investor Services Limited
Mr. Lin Deliang
                                                                  17/F, Far East Finance Center
Mr. Kwan Chi Fai
                                                                  16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong
Mr. Liu Bihong (approved on 2 April 2025)

                                                                  LISTING EXCHANGE
COMPANY SECRETARY OF THE MANAGER
                                                                  UNITS
Mr. Yu Tat Fung
                                                                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
TRUSTEE                                                           Stock code: 00405

HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited                  BOND
                                                                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
AUDITOR OF YUEXIU REIT
                                                                  US$400,000,000 2.65% Notes due 2026
Ernst & Young (Certified Public Accountants and Registered        Stock code: 40577
  PIE Auditor)
                                                                  Chongwa (Macao) Financial Asset Exchange Company Limited
                                                                  RMB1,500,000,000 4.15% Guaranteed Notes due 2026
PRINCIPAL VALUER
                                                                  Stock code: MOXLB2350
Savills Valuation and Professional Services Limited
                                                                  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER                                           RMB1,000,000,000 4.10% Guaranteed Notes due 2028
                                                                  Stock code: 85018
Baker & McKenzie
                                                                  INVESTOR RELATIONS
WEBSITES TO ACCESS INFORMATION
                                                                  For further information about Yuexiu REIT, please contact:
 IN RELATION TO YUEXIU REIT                                       Mr. Jiang Yongjin
http://www.yuexiureit.com                                         Email: yxft.ir@yuexiureit.com
http://www.hkex.com.hk
100
