CONTENTS
Performance Summary                                                   2
Chairman’s Statement                                                  3
Yuexiu REIT Profile                                                  15
Distribution                                                         16
Management Discussion and Analysis                                   18
  Business Review                                                    18
  Financial Review                                                   34
Corporate Governance                                                 41
Connected Party Transactions                                         44
Independent Review Report                                            56
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income     57
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position       59
Interim Condensed Consolidated Distribution Statement                61
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Net Assets               63
  Attributable to Unitholders and Changes In Equity
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows               64
Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information    65
Performance Table                                                   103
Corporate and Investor Relations Information                        104
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust                     Interim Report 2026




PERFORMANCE SUMMARY

The following is a summary of Yuexiu REIT’s financial results during the Interim Period together with comparative figures
for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and year ended 31 December 2025:

(in Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise specified)


                                                                                     Six months ended 30 June                         Change
                                                                                            2026                  2025             Decrease

Gross income (Note)                                                                766,531,000            966,148,000                 (20.7)%
Net property income (Note)                                                         507,596,000            679,036,000                 (25.2)%
Net loss after tax before transactions with Unitholders                           (156,575,000)          (337,419,000)                (53.6)%
Interim distribution                                                               144,456,000            171,141,000                 (15.6)%
Losses per Unit                                                                          (0.0260)               (0.0630)              (58.7)%
Distribution per Unit                                                                     0.0271                0.0333                (18.6)%
    Equivalent to HK$                                                                     0.0313                0.0366                (14.5)%


Note:    Yuexiu Financial Tower was disposed of on 15 October 2025. Excluding the year-on-year impact of Yuexiu Financial Tower, gross income
         decreased by 4.3% as compared to the same period of the previous year, and net property income decreased by 6.4% as compared to the same
         period of the previous year.



                                                                                            As at                 As at               Change
                                                                                         30 June        31 December              (Decrease)/
                                                                                            2026                  2025              Increase

Property portfolio valuation                                                   33,562,721,000         33,644,883,000                   (0.2)%
Net assets attributable to Unitholders                                         14,023,226,000         14,096,677,000                   (0.5)%
Net assets attributable to
    Unitholders per Unit                                                                     2.63                  2.68                (1.9)%
    Equivalent to HK$                                                                        3.03                  2.97                  2.0%




2
                                                                 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




DEAR UNITHOLDERS OF YUEXIU REIT,
On behalf of the management team of Yuexiu REIT Asset Management Limited (“Manager”),
the Manager of Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust (“Yuexiu REIT”),
I am very pleased to present to you the 2026 interim report of Yuexiu REIT.




In the first half of 2026, geopolitical conflicts continued to disrupt the order of global supply chain, with a significant rise
in inflationary pressures. The monetary policy of the Federal Reserve Board (“US Federal Reserve”) shifted towards a
neutral stance, with the policy rate remaining unchanged and the pace of interest rate cuts effectively slowing. For China,
the year 2026 marks the first year of its “15th Five-Year Plan”, as well as a crucial starting year for the transformation and
upgrading of the domestic economy and the accelerated formation of a new development pattern. In the first half of the
year, the domestic economy achieved overall reasonable growth, with traditional industries developing steadily, emerging
industries accelerating their growth and upgrading, the consumer market gradually improving, the investment structure
continuing to optimize, and the foreign trade market maintaining resilience.




                                                                                                                              3
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust               Interim Report 2026




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


In the first half of 2026, the office market remained in a state of “oversupply”. Growing demand from emerging industries,
coupled with narrowing rental gaps, effectively supported the occupancy rates of high-quality offices in the core areas of
first-tier cities. Retail shopping malls and apparel wholesale markets were directly exposed to changes in consumption
patterns, with slowing growth in the retail consumer market, while the services consumer market received some support.
High-end hotels and serviced apartments stabilised domestic demand by adopting a “boosting transactions with lower
prices” strategy, while expanding channels to capture overseas customers, resulting in overall stable and improving
revenue. In the face of an increasingly competitive external environment characterised by strong supply and weak
demand, the management team made concerted efforts, implemented comprehensive measures, and strengthened risk
prevention and control. Leveraging the quality of our premium properties and the excellent efforts made by all members
of the management team, we delivered a relatively robust performance for the Unitholders.


RESULTS AND DISTRIBUTION
As at 30 June 2026, Yuexiu REIT’s portfolio of properties consisted of ten high-quality properties (including one Qualified
Minority-owned Property) with a total gross floor area of 1,184,156.5 sq.m. and a total rentable area of 803,984.1 sq.m..
The overall occupancy rate was 79.4%, and the unit rent was RMB177.4 per sq.m. per month (the above statistics exclude
the Qualified Minority-owned Property). During the Interim Period, Yuexiu REIT recorded a total operating revenue of
approximately RMB767 million, representing a decrease of 4.3% as compared to the same period last year (on a like-for-
like basis excluding Yuexiu Financial Tower).

During the Interim Period, Yuexiu REIT recorded a total distribution of approximately RMB144,456,000, resulting in an
overall payout ratio of approximately 95%. The distribution is approximately HK$0.0313 per Unit (the Interim Period of
2025: approximately HK$0.0366). Based on the closing price of HK$0.65 on 30 June 2026, the annualised distribution yield
was approximately 9.64%.


MACROECONOMY
In the first half of 2026, China’s economy operated within a reasonable range. According to data from the National Bureau
of Statistics, China’s gross domestic product (GDP) for the first half of 2026 amounted to RMB69,570.4 billion, representing
a year-on-year increase of 4.7%. Specifically, the primary, secondary and tertiary industries grew by 3.7%, 3.9% and
5.2% year-on-year, respectively, with the tertiary industry contributing 66.1% to economic growth. The consumer market
showed structural divergence, with the total retail sales of consumer goods and services growing by 2.7% year-on-year.
Specifically, retail sales of services and retail sales of goods grew by 5.3% and 1.1% year-on-year, respectively. In the first
half of the year, total retail sales of consumer goods reached RMB24,872.2 billion, representing a year-on-year growth of
1.3%. Overall investment activity weakened, with national fixed asset investment (excluding rural households) reaching
RMB22,637.0 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 5.7%; fixed asset investment excluding investment in real
estate development decreased by 2.7%, while investment in real estate development decreased by 18.0%. Foreign trade
remained highly resilient, with the total value of imports and exports of goods reaching RMB25,468.6 billion, representing
a year-on-year increase of 16.9%. Specifically, exports amounted to RMB14,731.4 billion, up 13.4%, while imports
amounted to RMB10,737.2 billion, up 22.1%.




4
                                                                        CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


Guangzhou’s economy maintained steady growth, with an orderly transition between traditional and emerging growth
drivers. According to publicly available information, the city’s GDP reached RMB1,604.5 billion in the first half of 2026,
representing a year-on-year increase of 5.8%. In the first five months, the internet, software and information technology
services industry and the scientific research and technical services industry both recorded double-digit growth,
representing a year-on-year increase of 12.4% and 12.7%, respectively. The city’s total retail sales of consumer goods
reached RMB577.478 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.9%. Specifically, catering revenue increased by
5.8%, and retail sales of new energy vehicles recorded strong growth of 29.2%. Growth in fixed asset investment continued
to be driven primarily by high-tech industries, with investment in industrial technological upgrading growing by 17.8%
year-on-year, and investment in real estate development decreasing by 5.3% year-on-year. In the first half of the year,
Guangdong’s total imports and exports of goods reached RMB5.49 trillion, a record high for the same period, increasing
by 20.8% year-on-year and contributing 25.6% to the national foreign trade growth, underscoring its role as a key pillar. In
particular, Guangzhou’s consumer goods exports grew by more than 20%, a remarkable performance.

Shanghai’s economy maintained steady progress, and its financial markets remained buoyant. According to publicly
available information, the city’s GDP reached RMB2,788.663 billion in the first half of 2026, representing a year-on-
year increase of 5.6%, maintaining its position as the leading economic centre in China. In the first half of the year,
Shanghai’s leading manufacturing industries maintained strong growth, with the output value of the artificial intelligence
(AI) manufacturing industry and the integrated circuit manufacturing industry increasing by 21.8% and 19.5% year-on-
year, respectively. The information transmission, software and information technology services industry in the tertiary
sector grew by 9.1% year-on-year. Industrial investment increased by 19.2% year-on-year, while investment in real
estate development decreased by 4.6% year-on-year. The financial markets remained active and buoyant, with the
total transaction value of the city’s major financial markets reaching RMB2,269.16 trillion in the first half of the year,
representing a year-on-year increase of 24.1%. In the first half of the year, 3,050 new foreign-invested enterprises were
established in Shanghai, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.0%.

Wuhan’s economy maintained steady progress driven by innovation, underpinned by strong momentum in high-tech
industries. According to publicly available information, the city’s GDP reached RMB1,123.642 billion in the first half of
2026, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.7%. The value added of the secondary industry amounted to RMB381.569
billion, increasing by 8.9%, primarily driven by high-tech manufacturing. Among them, the computer, communication, and
other electronic equipment manufacturing sectors above the designated size recorded a high growth of 90.8%. The value
added of the tertiary industry reached RMB722.790 billion, increasing by 4.2%. The consumer market faced pressure,
with the city’s total retail sales of consumer goods reaching RMB425.070 billion in the first half of the year, representing a
year-on-year decrease of 0.7%, and consumer demand shifted towards basic necessities.

Hangzhou’s economy maintained steady growth with improved quality, and emerging service industries showed strong
momentum. According to publicly available information, the city’s GDP reached RMB1,201.3 billion in the first half of
2026, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.3%. Emerging service industries maintained relatively rapid growth,
with operating revenue of the service sector of core industries in the digital economy and the high-tech service sector
increasing by 13.3% and 11.1%, respectively in the first five months.




                                                                                                                            5
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust             Interim Report 2026




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)



MARKET REVIEW
OFFICE MARKET

The imbalance between “strong supply and weak demand” in the national office market remained pronounced, and the
demand structure continued to be subject to adjustment, primarily driven by cost considerations and office upgrades,
which provides favourable support for the occupancy rate of high-quality office buildings in core areas.

In the first half of 2026, the vacancy rate for Grade A office buildings in Guangzhou declined moderately, while rental
levels remained under pressure. This was mainly due to the steady recovery in office demand, supported by the
coordinated growth of traditional and emerging industries, although demand from enterprises for cost reduction and
efficiency enhancement remained strong. Landlords in emerging business districts adopted a “boosting transactions with
lower prices” strategy, exacerbating rental pressure on traditional business districts such as Zhujiang New Town and
Tianhe North (Tianhe Bei). According to market research data, the new supply of Grade A office space in Guangzhou in the
first half of the year reached approximately 200,000 sq.m., pushing the market stock to exceed 8,930,000 sq.m.. Newly
launched projects were mainly located in International Financial City. Net absorption of Grade A offices increased by more
than 300% year-on-year. As of the end of the second quarter, the vacancy rate for Grade A office buildings across the city
was 22.6%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.2 percentage points; rental levels continued to decline, with net
effective rent at approximately RMB111 per sq.m. per month, representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.1%. In terms of
industry drivers, technology and internet enterprises and financial companies showed strong demand for office upgrades,
with emerging industries becoming the core driver of incremental office demand. Meanwhile, the leasing demand from
professional services and retail enterprises remained stable.

The Grade A office market in Shanghai became more active, with the decline in rental levels narrowing. According to
publicly available market data, the new supply of Grade A office space in Shanghai in the first half of the year exceeded
730,000 sq.m., with the net absorption exceeding 310,000 sq.m.; as of the end of the second quarter, the total stock of
Grade A office space across the city exceeded 19,000,000 sq.m.. Cost-driven upgrades spurred a recovery in market
leasing demand. According to market research data, as of the end of the second quarter, rental levels declined to
RMB5.1 per sq.m. per day, with the decline continuing to narrow, while the vacancy rate was 23.5%, representing a
quarter-on-quarter decrease of 0.7 percentage points. Over the past 12 months, the technology and internet, financial
services, professional services, retail, and manufacturing and trade industries collectively contributed more than 70% of
incremental office leasing demand.

The Grade A office market in Wuhan showed divergent performance, with rental levels remaining under pressure.
According to publicly available market data, as of the end of the second quarter, the total stock of Grade A office space
across the city exceeded 3,000,000 sq.m.. As of the end of the second quarter, citywide vacancy rate was 31.9%, remaining
substantially flat year-on-year, while net effective rent was RMB2.8 per sq.m. per day, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 8.5%. Emerging industries provided an effective supplement to office demand, with the digital new media and
healthcare industries collectively contributing more than 30% of incremental demand.




6
                                                                      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


The Grade A office market in Hangzhou saw improving demand and remained broadly stable and positive. According to
publicly available market data, the new supply of Grade A office space across the city in the first half of the year reached
approximately 139,000 sq.m., with the net absorption reaching 155,000 sq.m., nearly doubling year-on-year. As of the end
of the second quarter, the vacancy rate was 24.3%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.4 percentage points, while
rental levels stood at RMB97.5 per sq.m. per month, representing a quarter-on-quarter decrease of 3.0%. In terms of
industry drivers, the TMT and financial sectors contributed more than 50% of incremental demand, while leasing demand
from enterprises in artificial intelligence and technology research and development remained strong.


RETAIL MARKET

The retail sector across China witnessed a divergent foot traffic, with increasing downward pressure on domestic
demand. Downward risks associated with retail consumption exerted influence on rent levels and vacancy rates, with both
the number and total area of vacant stores showing an increasing trend. The stimulative effect of consumption subsidies
began to fade, and policy focus shifted toward boosting service consumption.

In the first half of 2026, according to publicly available market data, Guangzhou saw a cumulative new supply of high-
quality retail shopping malls of 86,000 sq.m., pushing the total stock of retail shopping malls across the city to exceed
6,300,000 sq.m.. As of the end of the second quarter, citywide vacancy rate stood at 9.3%, remaining substantially flat
quarter-on-quarter; the average rent of the prime floor in high-quality shopping malls across the city was RMB622.5 per
sq.m. per month, declining slightly by 1.1% quarter-on-quarter. In terms of operation strategies, stock adjustments, brand
revitalisation, IP integration and cross-sector collaborations became mainstream choices. As for performance by business
sector, the catering sector generally outperformed the retail sector, while trendy digital products and outdoor sports
categories maintained strong market popularity.

No new premium retail commercial properties entered the market in Wuhan’s core business district. According to publicly
available market data, as of the end of the second quarter, the overall vacancy rate in Wuhan’s core business district
was 14.8%, representing a quarter-on-quarter increase of 1 percentage point; the average ground-floor rent stood at
RMB379.4 per sq.m. per month, representing a quarter-on-quarter decrease of 2.1%. As for performance by business
sector, catering tenants expanded their lease areas more than retail tenants, coupled with brand upgrades to meet
diversified consumer demands.




                                                                                                                           7
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust              Interim Report 2026




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


APPAREL WHOLESALE MARKETS

In the first half of 2026, apparel exports contracted due to fluctuations in trade policies, while the domestic market showed
signs of demand recovery. According to data from the General Administration of Customs, textile and apparel exports
reached RMB1.01 trillion in the first half of the year, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.2%. Specifically, textile
exports totaled RMB506.42 billion, remaining largely unchanged year-on-year; apparel exports totaled RMB505.8 billion,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 4.2%. According to the National Bureau of Statistics, cumulative retail sales of
clothing, footwear & hats and textiles by enterprises above the designated size reached RMB770.9 billion in the first half of
the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.7%, significantly higher than the growth rate of overall retail sales of
consumer goods. In terms of industry prosperity, according to the prosperity monitoring results of the China Commercial
Circulation Association of Textile and Apparel (CATA), the prosperity index for managers of textile and apparel wholesale
markets nationwide in June stood at 49.78, representing an increase of 0.43 percentage points from the previous period;
the prosperity index for merchants in wholesale markets was 50.07, representing an increase of 0.34 percentage points
from the previous period. In terms of channels, although foot traffic in wholesale markets nationwide increased in June
and rental rates remained substantially unchanged, merchants still faced pressure from declining sales and rising costs.
In contrast, e-commerce sales remained stable with a positive trend. Currently, apparel wholesale markets are required
to accelerate their digital transformation and business format upgrades in an effort to boost merchants’ sales through
measures such as online-offline integration, production-marketing coordination and brand incubation, while actively
expanding domestic sales and cross-border e-commerce channels to speed up their transition into modern industrial
service platforms.


HOTEL AND SERVICED APARTMENT MARKET

The Chinese Mainland hotel market presented a “differentiated recovery” pattern in the first half of 2026. In the first
quarter, revenue per available room (RevPAR) in the leading hotel groups regained positive year-on-year growth.
According to STR data, the overall RevPAR for the domestic hotel market increased by 4.6% year-on-year, mainly driven
by rising average room rates. Nevertheless, market activity weakened after the May Day holiday and the adoption of a
“boosting transactions with lower prices” strategy became more prevalent, putting pressure on industry profits. Growth
on the supply side continued to slow down, with the year-on-year growth rate of the number of hotel rooms nationwide
falling from a peak of 8.9% to 6.5%. Thanks to the ongoing benefits of policies related to inbound tourism, in the first
half of 2026, China recorded 22,914,000 foreigners entering the country, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.4%.
Specifically, the number of visa-free entries by foreigners reached 17,815,000 (accounting for 77.7% of all inbound
foreigners), representing a year-on-year increase of 30.6%, contributing significantly to the growth of high-end hotels in
first-tier cities. The market exhibited structural divergence, with luxury hotels leading in RevPAR growth, while budget and
mid-range hotels faced relatively greater pressure in growth performance. The industry is shifting from scale expansion
to stock optimisation and operation efficiency competition. In the first half of 2026, the average occupancy rate of luxury
hotels in Guangzhou was 78.5%, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.2 percentage points; the average room rate
was RMB1,265.4, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.2%; and RevPAR was RMB993.3, representing a year-on-year
increase of 3.7%.




8
                                                                      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)



BUSINESS OPERATING STRATEGIES
The Manager continued to focus on building its “four-dimensional capabilities” (namely, product quality, tenant acquisition,
operational efficiency, and service excellence) by formulating flexible, diversified, and dynamically balanced business
operations strategies that prevent risks. This ensures that operations remain robust and efficient in the current complex
and volatile economic environment. The Manager employs a holistic approach to analyse the interrelationships among
occupancy rates, rental levels, tenant structure, and property values. By monitoring changes in the competitive landscape,
strengthening daily data monitoring, and regularly reviewing business strategies, the Manager aims to efficiently
capitalise on opportunities and address challenges, thereby achieving stable rental returns.

In terms of office buildings, the Manager iteratively upgraded product standards and launched furnished and small-to-
medium-sized office units in response to market demand to accelerate the absorption of available units. The Manager
continued to optimise the tenant structure by concentrating its efforts to introduce tenants from Fortune 500 companies
and industry leaders, while strengthening risk management with proactive arrangements for lease renewals. The Manager
continued to integrate green, low-carbon, healthy, safe and people-oriented practices into every aspect of operations
and deeply embraced the sustainable office ecosystem to enhance the brand influence of Yuexiu offices. The Manager
strengthened multi-party collaboration among government and enterprises, associations, intermediaries and tenants and
upgraded supporting services to create a “corporate reception hall + industry exchange hub”, improving service quality to
consolidate tenant satisfaction and enhance tenant stickiness, thereby consolidating the overall competitive advantages of
the projects.

In terms of retail shopping malls, the Manager adopted multiple measures such as advancing space adjustment and
renovation, deepening brand upgrading and replacement, capitalising on the benefits of the tax refund policy for overseas
visitors, and enriching consumption scenarios through IP collaborations to drive the recovery of foot traffic and sales
growth for shopping malls. At GZIFC Shopping Mall, four “first stores” of catering brands in Guangzhou were introduced.
At Victory Plaza, the themed block “101 Park” was created, and the experiential brand Flashplay Esports opened its first
store nationwide. The Manager continued to leverage the flagship roles of anchor tenants such as “Friendship Store” and
“UNIQLO” to integrate brand resources, cross-sector events, public-domain exposure and cross-industry collaborations
from multiple dimensions, while providing exclusive benefits for white-collar workers based on a membership system. It
also collaborated with tenants, merchants and public welfare organisations to launch the “A New Life Through Simplicity –
Guangzhou IFC Sustainable Living Programme 2.0 (減法新生活–廣州IFC可持續生活計劃2.0)” initiative.

In terms of wholesale market, the Manager continued to identify and build a pipeline of high-quality customers from core
industrial clusters in Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Dongguan, and optimised the spatial layout through a pattern featuring
large-scale stores and flagship stores, so as to enhance the attractiveness of the business segments across floors. The
Manager regularly expanded the resources of key markets, core purchasers and international merchants, continuously
strengthened the “people, goods and venues” management capabilities, and improved the standards of the operating
system, thereby enhancing the overall operational efficiency and customer service levels. The Manager capitalised on
major events such as the anniversary celebration, the Spring/Summer Procurement Festival and the Canton Fair to create
five distinctive consumption scenarios. It also established a three-dimensional empowerment system of “flow sharing,
brand building and operational quality improvement” to refine the operations of White Horse smart selection platform and
empower the sales growth of merchants.


                                                                                                                           9
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust              Interim Report 2026




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


In terms of the hotel, the Manager systematically advanced renovation plans and proactively captured international guest
arrivals to boost sustained revenue growth. In light of the increasing competitiveness of guest rooms, the Manager seized
the favourable opportunity to proceed with the renovation of Four Seasons Hotel Guangzhou, effectively consolidating
its market share, with its RevPAR index maintaining a leading position among its competitors, thereby driving steady
growth in operating revenue. The quality of catering services was widely recognised, with several restaurants recording
significant revenue growth in the first half of the year. The Chinese Restaurant Yu Yue Heen and the contemporary French
restaurant CATCH have received Michelin awards for consecutive years in recognition of their outstanding performance.

In terms of the serviced apartments, the Manager focused on membership programme operations to stabilise its core
long-stay customer base, capitalised on the benefits of visa-free policies to expand overseas marketing channels and
strengthened cooperation with international OTAs to enhance traffic conversion and customer loyalty. In the first half of
the year, the Manager successfully expanded its short-stay and long-stay customer base to 112 countries and regions,
with a significant increase in the proportion of international guests. This drove steady growth in RevPAR and pushed
operating revenue to a new record high for the corresponding period, demonstrating its leading position in the first tier.


INVESTMENT AND FINANCIAL STRATEGY
The Manager adhered to an investment and development strategy centred on the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater
Bay Area and investing in cities with high development potential. While prioritising robust growth, the Manager strived
to upgrade and optimise the asset portfolio and expanded the evaluation scope of investment properties to include
sustainable development standards. Taking into account market developments and industry trends, the Manager will
dynamically review the operation and investment returns of its properties. Upholding the policy of continuous optimisation
of asset portfolio, the Manager will also dispose of non-core projects with weakening growth in a timely manner and strive
to create steady and sustainable returns for the Unitholders.

Yuexiu REIT implemented stable and prudent financial policies. As at 30 June 2026, the ratio of total borrowings to total
assets of Yuexiu REIT was 41.9%, falling within the upper limit of 50% as stipulated in the REIT Code and representing
a significant decrease as compared to the beginning of the year. The Manager paid close attention to the changes in
interest rates and exchange rates, proactively expanded capital channels, made reasonable planning for overseas loans
as they fall due in future and sought to obtain an appropriate average rate of financing cost, thus ensuring the effective
management of liquidity risks.

In terms of liquidity management, the Manager successfully completed debt financing adjustments of approximately
RMB11.7 billion by raising funds through capital operations combining with diversified financing channels. The Manager
formulated the inaugural Sustainable Financing Framework and successfully issued the first dual-currency green
offshore bonds to refinance the US$400 million bonds due. The Manager completed the refinancing of RMB3.80 billion in
offshore loans upon maturity on competitive terms, and significantly reduced financing costs.




10
                                                                       CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


As for interest rate management, the Manager continued to proactively adjust the financing structure through various
financing instruments, converting floating-rate borrowings linked to HIBOR into fixed-rate financing instruments. As of the
end of the first half of 2026, the floating-rate exposure of Yuexiu REIT further decreased to approximately 7%, reaching a
historical low. The average interest payment rate stood at 3.79%, remaining stable as compared with the beginning of the
year.

With regard to foreign exchange management, the Manager has consolidated the advantages gained over the past few
years by continuously introducing RMB financing to replace foreign currency financing. As of the end of June 2026, Yuexiu
REIT’s RMB financing reached approximately RMB12.4 billion, accounting for 80% of total financing (as of the end of 2025:
RMB financing of approximately RMB15.5 billion, accounting for approximately 76% of total financing). The exchange rate
risk exposure has been reduced to 20% at the end of the period.

In terms of credit ratings, the Manager maintained constructive and effective communication with credit rating agencies.
As of the end of June 2026, based on confidence in Yuexiu REIT’s operational capabilities and stable cash flow projections,
two international rating agencies - Standard & Poor’s and Fitch - have assigned Yuexiu REIT an investment-grade rating
with a stable outlook.


ASSET ENHANCEMENT STRATEGIES
The Manager implements strategic asset enhancement plans on an annual basis, regularly reviewing renovation needs
and comprehensively balancing costs and benefits, thereby maintaining a competitive advantage in the market and
increasing returns of the projects. Meanwhile, the Manager has targeted at the core demands of customers, continuously
refining products and services to ensure customer satisfaction and user experience as well as maintain stable and
reasonable rental value of the properties. Additionally, the Manager carried out asset appreciation projects to enhance the
energy efficiency and carbon reduction capabilities, and safety standards of the properties to support the achievement of
ESG goals. In the first half of the year, the Manager launched a number of asset appreciation projects as planned, covering
all properties under Yuexiu REIT.


SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
The Manager adopted a holistic and long-term perspective on ESG capability building, advocated for the deep integration
of ESG standards with business practices, incorporated lean management principles to reduce waste and enhance
management efficiency, and promoted international standards such as LEED, WELL and BOMA across properties under
Yuexiu REIT, thereby driving overall sustainable and healthy development. The Manager actively pursued green and
sustainable finance. As of the end of the Interim Period, green and sustainable financing accounted for approximately 38%
of Yuexiu REIT’s total financing. In the first half of the year, the Manager successfully launched the “Renhe Home•Health
Station (仁和家•健康驛站)” at City Development Plaza, aiming to establish a service ecosystem that integrates
commercial scenarios with health management, promoting the transformation of properties from traditional spatial
carriers into comprehensive service platforms that empower tenant development and safeguard personnel well-being. In
the first half of the year, Yuexiu REIT entered the RICS China Awards and was successfully shortlisted for the “Sustainability
Achievement of the Year” category.




                                                                                                                           11
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust             Interim Report 2026




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)



PROSPECTS
Looking ahead to the second half of 2026, geopolitical tensions in the Middle East are set to reach a stalemate, while
the US Federal Reserve is expected to significantly slow the pace of interest rate cuts. Against the backdrop of a new
cycle of technological innovation gaining momentum, the Manager maintains a cautiously optimistic attitude toward
the moderate recovery of the global economy, albeit with the possible further widening of regional disparities in global
economic development. In the opening year of China’s “15th Five-Year Plan”, the Manager holds positive expectations for
the accelerated pace of domestic industrial transformation and the in-depth development of new quality productive forces.
The Manager looks forward to the expanded and more efficient investment in advanced manufacturing, the accelerated
formation of high-tech industrial clusters, the steady growth of modern services, and a turning point for the structural
adjustment in the real estate sector, with the overall industrial system continuing to move towards new and higher-
quality growth. The Manager expects that China will keep rolling out supporting policies to boost consumption, maintain a
moderately accommodative monetary environment, and continue to regulate the “rate race” competition practices, so as
to ensure the macroeconomy operates steadily within a reasonable range.

Guangzhou will prioritise the development of new quality productive forces to accelerate the establishment of the
“12218” modern industrial system. It will advance the synergistic development of science, education and talent through
coordinated planning, scale up effective investment, and drive the quality improvement and transformation of the
economy. It will leverage its core engine role in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, further develop itself
as an international consumption centre city, and implement various policies to boost consumption. It will stabilise the
base of foreign trade and foreign investment while further advancing the comprehensive pilot programmes for expanding
opening-up in the service sector. Guangzhou’s GDP is expected to grow by around 5% in 2026, with fixed asset investment,
total retail sales of consumer goods, and total imports and exports of goods all growing by 5%.

Grade A office in Guangzhou is expected to see a new supply of nearly 600,000 sq.m. in the second half of 2026, primarily
concentrated in Pazhou and International Financial City, while the existing stock in Zhujiang New Town will remain stable.
Amid the pressure from oversupply, landlords’ bargaining power remains feeble, with rental levels in a downward trend
and occupancy rates under pressure. However, robust demand from emerging industries is expected to help partially
alleviate the downward pressure.

The prime retail property market in Guangzhou is expected to see a new supply of more than 500,000 sq.m. in the second
half of 2026, a new high in recent years. The new supply will encompass a wide range of retail formats, including high-
end luxury, outlet malls, TODs, park-side commerce and cultural and creative blocks, further consolidating the city’s
foundation as an international consumption centre city. With the release of efficacy of economic stimulus policies, and
continuous optimisation and upgrade of commercial brands, retail property rents are expected to be well-supported.

Competition in the apparel wholesale market in Guangzhou will continue to intensify, with the transformation towards
personalisation, fashion-orientation, customisation, and green development. A flexible manufacturing model characterised
by “small order, quick response” is being widely adopted to drive efficiency gains. Physical markets accelerate their
transformation towards branding, digitalisation, and integrated domestic-foreign trade. Upgrading from traditional
wholesale hubs to diversified comprehensive service platforms, these markets leverage online-offline integration and
various digital tools to simultaneously tap into the high-end domestic market and emerging overseas markets.



12
                                                                     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


Guangzhou’s high-end hotel market is expected to see more than 2,000 new rooms entering the market in the second
half of 2026, the vast majority of which are located in non-core emerging areas, while traditional core areas such as
Zhujiang New Town remain dominated by the existing stock. For the second half of 2026, the sector is anticipated to
present an overall pattern of “mild recovery in occupancy rates, continued pressure on room rates and limited recovery
in total revenue”. In terms of pricing strategies, the “boosting transactions with lower prices” strategy remains prevalent
in the market. In terms of demand composition, tourism and leisure demand stay robust, with summer vacation and
holidays serving as the core drivers of occupancy, while business and conference demand has yet to show significant
improvement. This structural imbalance will constrain the effective growth of total revenue.

Focused on the development of new quality productive forces, Shanghai will continuously strengthen the core capabilities
of five centres (namely, the international economic, financial, trade, shipping, and science and technology innovation
centres). It will advance the deep integration of scientific research and industrial innovation, and accelerate the
development of a modern industrial system. It will also implement a full range of measures to boost domestic demand,
steadily expand high-level opening-up, advance green and low-carbon transformation and urban connotative qualitative
development, and continuously enhance its capabilities to aggregate and allocate high-end resources, drive technological
innovation from its source and strengthen its global comprehensive competitiveness. Shanghai’s GDP growth target for
2026 is set at around 5%.

In the second half of 2026, Grade A office in Shanghai will witness over 500,000 sq.m. of new supply concentrating in
secondary and non-core business districts, further increasing the total market stock. The overall market remains in an
oversupply dynamic, with rents continuing a downward trend and vacancy rates remaining high and volatile.

Wuhan pursues steady progress while ensuring stability, leveraging the cultivation of new quality productive forces as a
core development engine and striving to establish the functions of five centres (namely, the national economic, national
science and technology innovation, national commerce and logistics, international exchange, and regional financial
centres). Centred around the digital and intelligent economy, the city is advancing urban transformation and upgrading,
and accelerating the development of the “965” modern industrial system – comprising 9 pillar industry clusters, 6
emerging industries, and 5 future-oriented industries. By capitalising on the strategic priority of expanding domestic
demand to steadily unlock growth momentum, Wuhan aims to fully advance its development as a key growth pole driving
the rise of Central China. Wuhan’s GDP growth target for 2026 is set at around 5.5%.

In the second half of 2026, Wuhan’s Grade A office market is expected to see a new supply of over 250,000 sq.m.. The
overall market faces high inventory pressure, with the vacancy rate remaining above 40% and rents showing a moderate
downward trend.

Hangzhou focuses its efforts on developing high-tech industries, striving to build a national benchmark city for innovation
in artificial intelligence, driving comprehensive industrial upgrading through technological innovation, and strategically
building the “296X” advanced manufacturing clusters (comprising 2 trillion-yuan-level industrial clusters, 9 hundred-
billion-yuan-level industrial clusters, and 6+X future-oriented industrial clusters) to continuously amplify the city’s
radiating and leading influence. Hangzhou’s GDP growth target for 2026 is set at 5.0% to 5.5%.




                                                                                                                         13
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust            Interim Report 2026




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT (CONTINUED)


In the second half of 2026, Grade A office in Hangzhou is expected to see a new supply of 200,000 sq.m., mainly from
Qianjiang New Town and Qianjiang Century City. The market is exhibiting a steady expansion in both supply and demand,
with the decline in rents continuing to narrow and vacancy rates maintaining a mild upward trend.

The Manager is cautiously optimistic that with the combination of its premium portfolio of properties coupled with its
professional asset management team, and with the continuous implementation of flexible, proactive and prudent leasing
strategies, Yuexiu REIT will align with economic structural shifts to tap into the industrial development potential, boost
customer flow and sales through innovating consumption scenarios, empower tenant acquisition and operation with
digital and intelligent technology, grasp market opportunities to optimise the investment portfolio, and strengthen the
capital structure to reduce financing costs. In view of the above, the Manager remains confident that it will continue to
deliver stable return to the Unitholders.


APPRECIATION
We would like to take this opportunity to express our sincere gratitude to the Directors, senior management and staff
for their dedicated hard work in the development of Yuexiu REIT, and our heartfelt thanks to all Unitholders, tenants and
business partners for their strong support for Yuexiu REIT.




JIANG GUOXIONG
Chairman

Hong Kong, 12 August 2026




14
                                                                         YUEXIU REIT PROFILE

PROFILE OF YUEXIU REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST (“YUEXIU REIT”)
Yuexiu REIT is a Hong Kong real estate investment trust constituted by a trust deed entered into on 7 December 2005 (the
“Trust Deed”) between HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited as the trustee (the “Trustee”) and Yuexiu REIT Asset
Management Limited as the manager of Yuexiu REIT (“Manager”) as modified by the First Supplemental Deed dated 25
March 2008, the Second Supplemental Deed dated 23 July 2010, the Third Supplemental Trust Deed dated 25 July 2012,
the Fourth Supplemental Deed dated 3 April 2020 and the Fifth Supplemental Deed dated 28 May 2021 made between the
same parties. Yuexiu REIT was listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 21 December
2005 (the “Listing Date”).

Yuexiu REIT’s property portfolio (the “Properties”) consists of six commercial properties (including a Qualified Minority-
owned Property) located in Guangzhou, one commercial property located in Shanghai, one commercial property located
in Wuhan, one commercial property located in Hangzhou, and two floors of commercial building located in Hong Kong.
Yuexiu REIT is the first listed real estate investment trust in the world which invests in real properties in the mainland of
the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).




                                                                                                                           15
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust             Interim Report 2026




DISTRIBUTION

In accordance with the Trust Deed, Yuexiu REIT is required to distribute no less than 90% of Total Distributable Income
to the Unitholders. In order to manage the financial affairs of Yuexiu REIT with greater flexibility in a volatile economic
environment, the Manager intends to distribute to the Unitholders an amount equal to 95% (Interim Period of 2025:
100%) of Yuexiu REIT’s Total Distributable Income and Additional Item (as defined in the Offering Circular issued to the
Unitholders dated 30 June 2012) for the Interim Period of 2026. The retained distributable funds for the current period will
be applied towards capital improvement works or partial repayment of the principal of borrowings during 2026, among
others.

The Manager also has the discretion under the Trust Deed, where there are surplus funds, to distribute additional
amounts. At the time of announcing the distribution for any particular year, the Manager shall consider whether to
exercise such discretion having regard to factors including but not limited to Yuexiu REIT’s funding requirements, its
earnings and financial position, its growth strategies, operating and capital requirements, compliance with relevant laws,
regulations and covenants (including existing limitations on borrowings as prescribed in the REIT Code), other capital
management considerations, the overall stability of distributions and prevailing industry practices.

In light of the above, the Manager has determined that an interim distribution to the Unitholders for the Interim Period
will be approximately RMB0.0271 which is equivalent to Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”) 0.0313 (June 2025: approximately
RMB0.0333 which was equivalent to HK$0.0366) per Unit. Such interim distribution per Unit is subject to adjustment once
new units are issued to the Manager (in satisfaction of the Manager’s fees) prior to the record date for the 2026 interim
distribution. A further announcement will be made to inform Unitholders of the interim distribution per Unit for the six
months ended 30 June 2026.

The total 2026 interim distribution amounted to approximately RMB144,456,000 which is equivalent to HK$166,899,000
(June 2025: approximately RMB171,141,000 which was equivalent to HK$188,201,000), includes an amount of
approximately RMB60,878,000 (June 2025: RMB62,755,000), that is capital in nature. The total distribution amount for the
Interim Period comprises the distributable amount of RMB86,101,000 calculated pursuant to the formula set out in the
Trust Deed plus a further distribution of approximately RMB58,355,000 having regard to the abovementioned discretion of
the Manager under the Trust Deed to distribute excess amounts where it has surplus funds. Further details regarding the
breakdown of the total distributable amount are set out in the Distribution Statement of this report.

Distributions payable to the Unitholders will be paid in Hong Kong dollars. The exchange rate adopted by the Manager is
the average central parity rate, as announced by the People’s Bank of China, for the five business days preceding the date
of declaration of distributions.




16
                                                                                         DISTRIBUTION (CONTINUED)


DISTRIBUTION PER UNIT

Distribution to Unitholders for the Interim Period is HK$0.0313 per unit (June 2025: HK$0.0366), representing a yield of
approximately 4.82% (30 June 2025: 4.21%) based on the closing price of HK$0.65 per unit as at 30 June 2026 (30 June
2025: HK$0.87). This represents an annualised distribution yield of 9.64%.

CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF UNITHOLDERS
The record date for the interim distribution will be 10 September 2026. The register of Unitholders will be closed from 10
September 2026 to 11 September 2026, during which period no transfer of units will be effected. In order to qualify for the
distribution, all unit certificates with the completed transfer forms must be lodged with Yuexiu REIT’s unit registrar, Tricor
Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Center, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong, no later than 4:30 p.m. on 9
September 2026. The 2026 interim distribution will be paid on 23 October 2026 to the Unitholders whose names appear
on the register of Unitholders on 10 September 2026.




                                                                                                                           17
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust               Interim Report 2026




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

BUSINESS REVIEW
In the first half of 2026, the global economy was weighed down by geopolitical conflicts, while inflationary pressures were
also mounting up. The industrial structure, driven by the artificial intelligence (AI) industry cycle, demonstrated a divergent
development pattern, with upstream and downstream AI technology companies highly sought after by capital markets. In
terms of monetary policy, the Federal Reserve Board (“US Federal Reserve”) shifted towards a neutral stance, maintaining
the policy interest rate unchanged during the first half of the year, which tempered market expectations for possible
interest rate cuts during the year.

The economy of the Chinese Mainland operated within a reasonable range under the dual support of emerging industries
and export resilience. According to data from the National Bureau of Statistics, China’s gross domestic product (GDP)
in the first half of 2026 reached RMB69,570.4 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.7%. In particular, the
added value of the tertiary industry grew by 5.2% year-on-year, contributing 66.1% to economic growth and continuing to
serve as the main driving force for economic expansion. Emerging industries, including the digital intelligence economy
and modern services, demonstrated strong momentum, contributing over 40% to economic growth in the first half of
the year. In addition, total retail sales of consumer goods and services rose by 2.7% year-on-year in the first half of the
year, with retail sales of services and goods increasing by 5.3% and 1.1% respectively. Meanwhile, the Loan Prime Rate
(LPR) in the Chinese Mainland remained unchanged, reflecting an overall monetary policy that is prudent yet moderately
accommodative.

Looking back on the development of the industry in the first half of the year, competition in the Chinese Mainland
office market remained intense. The release of demand for office upgrades, coupled with the driving force of emerging
industries, provided solid support for office occupancy rates in the core areas of tier-1 cities. Retail malls and clothing
wholesale markets faced overall pressure due to sluggish domestic demand, and the potential of the service retail market
emerged at a faster pace. High-end hotels and serviced apartments stabilised revenue through a “boosting transactions
with lower prices” strategy, with inbound travellers continuously contributing to incremental demand. Faced with an
external environment characterised by “strong supply and weak demand”, the Manager struck a proper balance among
occupancy rates, rental levels and tenant structure, leveraged synergies among Yuexiu REIT’s capabilities in tenant
acquisition, product quality and operational efficiency, and implemented comprehensive measures across dimensions
such as tenant acquisition, tenant retention, product upgrading, service enhancement and asset renovation, thereby
effectively supporting the maintenance of relatively stable operational fundamentals.




18
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



PROPERTY PORTFOLIO
As of 30 June 2026, Yuexiu REIT’s portfolio of properties consisted of ten properties (including one Qualified Minority-
owned Property), namely, White Horse Building Units (“White Horse Building”), Fortune Plaza Units and certain parking
space (“Fortune Plaza”), City Development Plaza Units and certain parking space (“City Development Plaza”), Victory
Plaza Units (“Victory Plaza”), Guangzhou International Finance Centre (“GZIFC”), Yuexiu Financial Tower (“Yuexiu Financial
Tower”) (a Qualified Minority-owned Property with a 49.495% beneficial interest), located in Guangzhou; Yue Xiu Tower
(“Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower”), located in Shanghai; Wuhan Yuexiu Fortune Centre, Starry Victoria Shopping Centre and
certain parking space (“Wuhan Properties”), located in Wuhan; Hangzhou Victory Business Centre Units and certain
parking space (“Hangzhou Victory”), located in Hangzhou; and 17th and 23rd Floors of Yue Xiu Building Units (“Hong Kong
Yue Xiu Building”), located in Hong Kong. The total gross floor area of the properties (excluding Yuexiu Financial Tower)
was 973,873.6 sq.m. and the total rentable area was 633,787.3 sq.m. (excluding 1,408.3 sq.m. of parking space of Fortune
Plaza; 2,104.3 sq.m. of parking space of City Development Plaza; 91,460.9 sq.m. of hotel, 51,102.3 sq.m. of serviced
apartments, 76,512.3 sq.m. of parking space and 7,752.5 sq.m. of other ancillary facilities area of GZIFC; 13,502.6 sq.m. of
parking space and 2,610.4 sq.m. of specific purpose area of Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower; 62,785.8 sq.m. of parking space and
12,415.1 sq.m. of common facilities area of Wuhan Properties; 17,663.6 sq.m. of parking space of Hangzhou Victory, and
the following statistics of both aggregate rented area and occupancy rate have excluded the above areas). Yuexiu Financial
Tower has 210,282.9 sq.m. of gross floor area and 170,196.8 sq.m. of rentable area (excluding 10,289.1 sq.m. of parking
space and 29,797.1 sq.m. of common facilities area, and the following statistics of both rented area and occupancy rate
have excluded the above areas).

PROPERTY VALUATION
On 30 June 2026, revaluation of the portfolio of properties of Yuexiu REIT was carried out by Savills Valuation and
Professional Services Limited (“Savills”), an independent professional valuer, and the revalued market value was
approximately RMB33.563 billion.




                                                                                                                          19
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust           Interim Report 2026




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


The following table summarises the valuation of each of the properties as at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025:


                                                                        Valuation         Valuation
                                                                               as at          as at
                                                                          30 June      31 December         Increase/
Name of Property                                                               2026           2025        (Decrease)
                                                                      RMB million       RMB million       percentage

White Horse Building                                                           4,818         4,811                 0.1%
Fortune Plaza                                                                  1,225         1,225                 －%
City Development Plaza                                                         1,005           997                 0.8%
Victory Plaza                                                                   927            929                (0.2)%
GZIFC                                                                         18,873        18,885                (0.1)%
Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower                                                         2,834         2,857                (0.8)%
Wuhan Properties                                                               3,189         3,239                (1.5)%
Hangzhou Victory                                                                621            622                (0.2)%
17th and 23rd Floors of Hong Kong Yue Xiu Building                               71             80           (11.3)%

Total                                                                         33,563        33,645                (0.2)%




20
                                                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


Particulars of the properties are as follows:

                                                                                                                    Property
                                                                         Year of   Gross Floor      Rentable       Occupancy       Number
Property                Type                   Location               Completion         Area           Area          Rate (1)   of Lease (1)    Unit Rent (1)
                                                                                                                                                (RMB/sq.m./
                                                                                       (sq.m.)        (sq.m.)                                         month)
White Horse Building    Wholesale mall         Yuexiu District,            1990      50,199.3       50,128.9          93.8%             853           435.8
                                                 Guangzhou
Fortune Plaza           Grade A office         Tianhe District,            2003      42,763.5       41,355.2(2)       90.0%             116           136.7
                                                 Guangzhou
City Development Plaza Grade A office          Tianhe District,            1997      44,501.7       42,397.4(3)       85.8%              78           124.5
                                                 Guangzhou
Victory Plaza           Retail shopping mall   Tianhe District,            2003      27,698.1       27,262.3          94.1%              29           175.7
                                                 Guangzhou
GZIFC                   Commercial complex     Tianhe District,            2010     457,356.8      230,266.9          83.4%             257           204.1
                                                 Guangzhou
Including:              Grade A office                                              267,804.4      183,539.6(4)       80.2%            196            221.8
                        Retail shopping mall                                         46,989.2       46,727.3          96.4%             61            146.3
                        Hotel                                                        91,460.9(5)        N/A             N/A            N/A             N/A
                        Serviced apartments                                          51,102.3           N/A             N/A            N/A             N/A
Shanghai Yue Xiu        Grade A office         Pudong New District,        2010      62,139.4       46,026.3(6)       80.8%            124            172.2
  Tower                                          Shanghai
Wuhan Properties        Commercial complex     Qiaokou District,                    248,194.2      172,993.3          61.7%             204             59.3
                                                 Wuhan
Including:              Grade A office                                     2016     139,937.1      129,446.7(7)       52.7%            113              71.0
                        Retail shopping mall                               2015      45,471.4       43,546.6(8)       88.4%             91              38.6
                        Commercial parking                            2015-2016      47,182.9           N/A             N/A            N/A              N/A
                          spaces
                        Residential parking                           2014-2016      15,602.8            N/A            N/A            N/A              N/A
                          spaces
Hangzhou Victory        Grade A office         Shangcheng District,        2017      40,148.4       22,484.8(9)       89.3%              36           122.4
                                                 Hangzhou
17th and 23rd Floors of Office                 Wanchai, Hong Kong          1985         872.2          872.2         100.0%                4          307.1
  Hong Kong Yue Xiu
  Building

Subtotal                                                                            973,873.6      633,787.3          79.4%          1,701            177.4

Qualified Minority-
  owned Property
Yuexiu Financial        Grade A office         Tianhe District,            2015     210,282.9      170,196.8(10)      87.9%             198           176.9
  Tower                                          Guangzhou

Total                                                                              1,184,156.5     803,984.1




                                                                                                                                                            21
               Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust                             Interim Report 2026




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


Notes:


(1)      As at 30 June 2026, the unit rent was exclusive of value added tax;


(2)      Excluding 1,408.3 sq.m. of parking space;


(3)      Excluding 2,104.3 sq.m. of parking space;


(4)      Excluding 76,512.3 sq.m. of parking space and 7,752.5 sq.m. of other ancillary facilities area;


(5)      Including 2,262.0 sq.m. of hotel ancillary facilities area and refuge floor area;


(6)      Excluding 13,502.6 sq.m. of parking space and 2,610.4 sq.m. of specific purpose area (management office, owners’ committee office, bicycle parking
         space and refuge floor);


(7)      Excluding 10,490.3 sq.m. of common facilities area and refuge floor area;


(8)      Excluding 1,924.8 sq.m. of common facilities area;


(9)      Excluding 17,663.6 sq.m. of parking space;


(10)     Excluding 10,289.1 sq.m. of parking space and 29,797.1 sq.m. of common facilities area.


OCCUPANCY SLIGHTLY DECLINED
As at 30 June 2026, the overall occupancy rate of the properties was approximately 79.4% (excluding the Qualified
Minority-owned Property).




22
                                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


The following table sets out a comparison of occupancy rates in respect of all the properties between the Interim Period
and the corresponding period of previous year:


                                                                                                                                           Percentage
                                                                                                                                             (decrease)/
                                                                                            Occupancy                 Occupancy               increase
                                                                                              rate as at               rate as at    as compared to
 Name of Property                                                                        30 June 2026          30 June 2025               30 June 2025

 White Horse Building                                                                                93.8%                95.0%                 (1.2)%
 Fortune Plaza                                                                                       90.0%                88.0%                  2.0%
 City Development Plaza                                                                              85.8%                89.4%                 (3.6)%
 Victory Plaza                                                                                       94.1%                96.2%                 (2.1)%
 GZIFC Office                                                                                        80.2%                82.6%                 (2.4)%
 GZIFC Shopping Mall                                                                                 96.4%                96.4%                  0.0%
 Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower                                                                              80.8%                87.2%                 (6.4)%
 Wuhan Properties Office                                                                             52.7%                61.5%                 (8.8)%
 Wuhan Properties Shopping Mall                                                                      88.4%                82.4%                  6.0%
 Hangzhou Victory                                                                                    89.3%                88.7%                  0.6%
 17th and 23rd Floors of Hong Kong Yue Xiu Building                                              100.0%                  100.0%                  0.0%

 Total                                                                                               79.4%                82.2%                 (2.8)%

Qualified Minority-owned Property
 Yuexiu Financial Tower                                                                              87.9%                82.1%                  5.8%



                                                                                                                             Average            Average
 Operational                                           Commencement                       Area of            No. of        Occupancy              Room
 Property                    Type                      of Operation                   Ownership              Units              Rate(1)           Rate(1)
                                                                                           (sq.m.)           (units)                              (RMB)

 Four Seasons Hotel          Luxury hotel              August 2012                       91,460.9              344             75.4%              2,496
      Guangzhou(2)
 Ascott Serviced             High-end serviced         September 2012                    51,102.3              314             89.1%              1,186
      Apartments GZIFC(2)      apartments


Notes:


(1)       From 1 January 2026 to 30 June 2026, the average room rate was exclusive of value added tax;


(2)       Both hotel and serviced apartments are entrusted operation.




                                                                                                                                                       23
               Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust                      Interim Report 2026




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



REVENUE DECREASED
During the Interim Period, the properties of Yuexiu REIT recorded total revenue of approximately RMB766.5 million,
representing a decrease of 20.7% as compared to the same period of the previous year. Excluding the year-on-year
impact of Yuexiu Financial Tower (which was disposed of on 15 October 2025), revenue decreased by 4.3% as compared to
the same period of the previous year. Among which, White Horse Building, Fortune Plaza, City Development Plaza, Victory
Plaza, GZIFC, Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower, Wuhan Properties, Hangzhou Victory and 17th and 23rd Floors of Hong Kong Yue
Xiu Building accounted for approximately 13.2%, 3.9%, 3.6%, 4.0%, 62.9%, 4.9%, 5.4%, 2.0% and 0.1% of the total revenue,
respectively.

The following table sets out a comparison of revenue in respect of each of the properties between the Interim Period and
the corresponding period of 2025:


                                                                                                          (Decrease)/
                                                                 Revenue for          Revenue for          Increase        (Decrease)/
                                                                     the Interim       the Interim     Compared to        Increase in
                                                                      Period of          Period of       the Interim    Revenue from
 Name of Property                                                         2026                2025    Period of 2025     the Property
                                                                 RMB million          RMB million       RMB million       Percentage
 White Horse Building                                                     100.9               109.4             (8.5)          (7.8)%
 Fortune Plaza                                                             30.0                31.2             (1.2)          (3.8)%
 City Development Plaza                                                    27.3                30.8             (3.5)        (11.4)%
 Victory Plaza                                                             30.3                31.6             (1.3)          (4.1)%
 GZIFC
      Office                                                              184.6               201.7            (17.1)          (8.5)%
      Retail shopping mall                                                 36.2                33.9              2.3            6.8%
      Hotel                                                               200.0               190.2              9.8            5.2%
      Serviced apartment                                                   61.5                60.3              1.2            2.0%
 Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower                                                    37.4                47.2             (9.8)        (20.8)%
 Wuhan Properties                                                          41.1                46.3             (5.2)        (11.2)%
 Hangzhou Victory                                                          15.6                16.7             (1.1)          (6.6)%
 17th and 23rd Floors of Hong Kong
      Yue Xiu Building                                                      1.6                 1.7             (0.1)          (5.9)%

 Subtotal                                                                 766.5               801.0            (34.5)          (4.3)%
 Yuexiu Financial Tower       (i)                                             —               165.1           (165.1)            N/A

 Total                                                                    766.5               966.1           (199.6)        (20.7)%


Note:


(i)     Yuexiu Financial Tower was disposed of on 15 October 2025.




24
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



OFFICE – ACCELERATING ABSORPTION THROUGH PRODUCT UPGRADES, OPTIMISING
TENANT STRUCTURE TOWARDS HIGHER QUALITY, AND CO-CREATING BUILDING
ECOSYSTEM VALUE
The office properties of Yuexiu REIT are located in four high-growth cities in the Chinese Mainland (namely, Guangzhou,
Shanghai, Wuhan and Hangzhou) and Hong Kong. During the Interim Period, the office supply in cities where the Chinese
Mainland properties were located continued to rise, with incremental market demand primarily driven by emerging
industries and the financial industry. The continuous release of demand for office upgrades drove corporate relocations
to premium properties, which benefited rising office occupancy rates in core areas, although rental levels remained
under sustained pressure. Facing the market environment of supply-demand imbalance, the Manager efficiently secured
conversions of anchor clients, accelerated product upgrades and absorption, built a distinctive operating system, and
created a unique building ecosystem, thereby continuously improving the operational fundamentals of the offices. As at
30 June 2026, among office (excluding Yuexiu Financial Tower) tenants, tenants from Fortune 500 companies (covering
Fortune Global 500 companies and Fortune China 500 companies) accounted for approximately 39% of the rented area,
and the top three industries by rented area among office tenants were commercial services, finance and information
technology.


GUANGZHOU

GZIFC: The office portion of the GZIFC commercial complex, which is a super grade A office building and one of the
landmarks in the core business districts in Guangzhou. During the Interim Period, GZIFC recorded a newly contracted
area of 11,004 sq.m. and launched 7,993 sq.m. of furnished units with innovative design. The absorption period was
significantly shortened to 14 days, achieving an absorption rate as high as 90%. It newly introduced a global internet
technology giant, and the Guangzhou branch of a leading Singaporean commercial bank, delivering an optimised tenant
structure. In addition, the project recorded a renewal area of 17,136 sq.m. and a renewal rate as high as 93%, retaining
quality tenants including four Fortune Global 500 financial institutions. Aligning with emerging growth drivers, a distinctive
building ecosystem was developed featuring the “Corporate Lounge + Industry Exchange Hub” to cater to diverse business
demands. As at 30 June 2026, the occupancy rate of the office building of GZIFC was 80.2%, representing a year-on-
year decrease of 2.4 percentage points. In the first half of the year, GZIFC was selected as one of the “2026 Commercial
Property Operation Performance TOP30 (2026商辦資產運營表現TOP30)” by Guandian, and was also shortlisted for the
RICS China Awards in the “Facilities Management Team of the Year” category.

Yuexiu Financial Tower: A Qualified Minority-owned Property of Yuexiu REIT with a 49.495% beneficial interest. The
occupancy rate was 87.9% as at 30 June 2026.

Fortune Plaza: During the Interim Period, the project recorded a newly contracted area of 1,764 sq.m., with quality tenants
including a Fortune Global 500 company (in the logistics services sector). The project recorded a renewal area of 2,861
sq.m. and a renewal rate of 73%, retaining quality tenants including a Fortune Global 500 commercial bank. As at 30 June
2026, the occupancy rate of Fortune Plaza was 90.0%, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.0 percentage points.




                                                                                                                           25
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust             Interim Report 2026




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


City Development Plaza: During the Interim Period, the project recorded a renewal area of 2,522 sq.m. and a renewal rate
of 35%, presenting a relatively weak renewal performance, primarily due to the scheduled departure of relevant event
organisations following the conclusion of the National Games. The project recorded a newly contracted area of 3,406 sq.m.
and introduced tenants with large leasing areas including a leading fund management company in Guangzhou, effectively
mitigating the risk of vacancy. As at 30 June 2026, the occupancy rate of City Development Plaza was 85.8%, representing
a year-on-year decrease of 3.6 percentage points.


SHANGHAI

Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower: During the Interim Period, the project recorded a newly contracted area of 4,680 sq.m. and
introduced a Fortune China 500 company (in the manufacturing sector). The project recorded a renewal area of 2,396
sq.m. and a renewal rate of 68%, employing an integrated strategy of unit customisation and tailored fitting out to
effectively respond to market competition. As at 30 June 2026, the occupancy rate of Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower was 80.8%,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.4 percentage points.


WUHAN

Wuhan Yuexiu Fortune Centre: The office portion of the commercial complex of Wuhan Properties. During the Interim
Period, the project recorded a newly contracted area of 11,272 sq.m. and introduced four Fortune Global 500 companies
(in the financial and automobile industries). In addition, it recorded a renewal area of 4,662 sq.m. and a renewal rate of
51%, retaining quality tenants with large leasing areas, including two Fortune Global 500 state-owned enterprises (in the
telecommunications and real estate industries). As at 30 June 2026, the occupancy rate of Wuhan Yuexiu Fortune Centre
was 52.7%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 8.8 percentage points. In the first half of the year, Wuhan Yuexiu
Fortune Centre was awarded the title of “2026 High-quality Development Building of the Building Economy (2026年度樓
宇經濟高質量發展樓宇)” by the Working Committee of Building Economy Service of the China Council for International
Investment Promotion.


HANGZHOU

Hangzhou Victory: During the Interim Period, the project recorded a newly contracted area of 2,089 sq.m. and successfully
introduced a start-up enterprise specialising in AI affective computing and embodied intelligence. In addition, it recorded
a renewal area of 767 sq.m. and a renewal rate of 77%. As at 30 June 2026, the occupancy rate of Hangzhou Victory was
89.3%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.6 percentage points.


HONG KONG

17th and 23rd Floors of Hong Kong Yue Xiu Building: The project maintained an occupancy rate of 100% during the
Interim Period with solid operation performance.




26
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



RETAIL SHOPPING MALLS – RESHAPING AND REVAMPING THE SPACE THROUGH
PRODUCT ADJUSTMENT, REFRESHING BRAND PORTFOLIO TO INJECT NEW VITALITY,
AND CREATING IMMERSIVE SCENARIOS TO BOOST SALES
The retail mall properties of Yuexiu REIT are located in two high-growth cities in the Chinese Mainland (Guangzhou and
Wuhan). In the first half of the year, China’s total retail sales of consumer goods reached RMB24,872.2 billion, representing
a year-on-year increase of 1.3%, indicating a weakening of the stimulus effects from the “trade-in” policy and a decline
in consumer demand for large physical commodities such as motor vehicles. In addition, consumption structure showed
a notable divergence, with household consumption focus gradually shifting towards services consumption, while
potential in segments such as fashion, technology innovation and outdoor retail continues to be released. Driven by the
implementation of both the visa-free entry policy and the departure tax refund policy, Guangzhou recorded more than
1,910,000 foreign visitors in the first half of the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 33%, while the sales of
tax-refundable goods nationwide increased by 69% year-on-year in the first half of the year. During the Interim Period,
the Manager advanced the adjustments and renovation of the shopping malls and the optimisation of brand portfolio
in an orderly manner, strengthened featured marketing to boost customer flow and sales, and promoted continuous
improvement in business atmosphere and market reputation.


GUANGZHOU

GZIFC Shopping Mall: The retail shopping mall of the commercial complex of Guangzhou International Financial Centre,
which is a premium retail shopping mall in the core area, positioned as an “exquisite social destination in the city center (城
央精緻社交天地)”. In the first half of the year, the shopping mall focused on optimising the catering mix by introducing four
stores with first-store brands in Guangzhou, namely high-end Cantonese restaurant “Yue Long Xuan (悅瓏軒)”, healthy
light meal brand “FOODBOWL”, creative curry brand “Hollow Curry”, new Thai milk tea brand “Auto Tea”, and international
chain brand “DQ”. The project also rejuvenated and upgraded the chain beauty brand “SIYANLI”, significantly enhanced its
brand positioning. Leveraging local tourism resources in Guangzhou to expand external and incremental customer flows
and creating exclusive benefits for white-collar workers based on membership system, customer viscosity continued to
strengthen. During the Interim Period, the shopping mall recorded a year-on-year increase of 15% in customer flow and
a year-on-year increase of 9% in sales. Newly contracted area and renewal area totalled 5,309 sq.m. with a renewal rate
of 66%. As at 30 June 2026, the occupancy rate was 96.4%, remaining substantially flat year-on-year, remaining at a high
occupancy level.




                                                                                                                           27
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust            Interim Report 2026




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


Victory Plaza: A premium retail shopping mall located in the core business district of Tiyu West Road, Tianhe District,
positioned as “a leisure destination with urban vitality (城市活力自在場)”. In the first half of the year, its anchor tenant,
Uniqlo, introduced two exclusive specialty zones (old clothes upcycling and embroidery) in South China, upgrading the
in-store experience and cementing its flagship position, coupled with cross-industry collaborations, concert-driven
footfall, and departure tax refunds, driving a year-on-year increase of 41% in store sales. The shopping mall successfully
introduced “Shanwan (閃玩)”, the first nationwide experiential eSports store, enriching the consumption scenarios, and
created a themed block “101 Park (101公園)”, launching distinctive themed spaces, revitalising the outdoor experiential
space. During the Interim Period, the shopping mall recorded a year-on-year increase of 17% in customer flow and a year-
on-year increase of 18% in sales. Newly contracted area and renewal area totalled 1,359 sq.m. with a renewal rate of 80%.
As at 30 June 2026, the occupancy rate stood at 94.1%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.1 percentage points,
remaining at a high occupancy level.


WUHAN

Wuhan Starry Victoria Shopping Centre: The retail shopping mall of the commercial complex of Wuhan Properties. In the
first half of the year, the shopping mall focused on brand revitalisation in the sports, catering and children’s amenities
sectors, enhancing the variety of family-oriented consumption scenarios. During the Interim Period, newly contracted area
and renewal area totalled 7,540 sq.m. with a renewal rate of 66%. As at 30 June 2026, the occupancy rate stood at 88.4%,
representing a year-on-year increase of 6.0 percentage points.


WHOLESALE MARKET – INDUSTRIAL SYNERGY DRIVING INVESTMENT ATTRACTION,
SCENARIO INNOVATION BOOSTING CUSTOMER FLOW, AND PROFESSIONAL OPERATION
FOCUSING EFFORTS FOR ENHANCED EFFICIENCY
White Horse Building: The sole wholesale market under Yuexiu REIT, and one of the well-known apparel wholesale
markets in China. In the first half of the year, White Horse Building targeted high-quality customers from the industrial
clusters in Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Dongguan, attracting popular brands and high-energy merchants. It continued
to improve the quality of customer flow and transaction activity in the market through, among others, procurement
delegations, supplier-buyer matchmaking, and on-site product selection, welcoming a total of 175 procurement
delegations in the first half of the year. Leveraging key occasions such as the anniversary celebration, the Spring-Summer
Procurement Festival and the Canton Fair, five distinctive consumer scenarios were created, and a 20% year-on-year
increase in footfall was recorded during the first half of the year. It also established a three-dimensional empowerment
system of “flow sharing, brand building and operational quality improvement”, and launched the innovative “precise
matching + professional guided shopping” White Horse premium shopping guide service to comprehensively empowering
merchants development. As at 30 June 2026, the occupancy rate stood at 93.8%, representing a year-on-year decrease of
1.2 percentage points.




28
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



HOTEL AND SERVICED APARTMENTS – RENOVATION AND REFURBISHMENT BEING
STEADILY IMPLEMENTED, CUSTOMER ACQUISITION CHANNELS CONTINUE TO EXPAND,
AND OPERATING REVENUE GROW STEADILY
The hotel and serviced apartments of Yuexiu REIT form an integral part of the commercial complex of GZIFC, including
Four Seasons Hotel Guangzhou and Ascott Serviced Apartments GZIFC. According to data from the National Immigration
Administration, China recorded 17,815,000 visa-free entries by foreigners in the first half of the year, representing a
year-on-year increase of 30.6%. These inbound travellers effectively stimulated the incremental demand for high-end
hotels and apartments. During the Interim Period, the Manager focused on both product enhancement and customer base
expansion, driving year-on-year growth in operating revenue.

Four Seasons Hotel Guangzhou: During the Interim Period, the average occupancy rate was 75.4%, representing a year-
on-year decrease of 4.7 percentage points. The average room rate was RMB2,496, representing a year-on-year increase
of 13.4%. The revenue per available room (RevPAR) was RMB1,881, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.8% and
reaching a record high since opening. The RevPAR competitive index was 107.3, ranking among the top in luxury hotel
competitors. During the Interim Period, the overall operating revenue of Four Seasons Hotel Guangzhou increased by
5.2% year-on-year. Four Seasons Hotel Guangzhou steadily advanced the renovation and refurbishment project, taking
advantage of the transition between peak and off-peak seasons to minimise the impact on operations. In respect of guest
rooms, it launched a combination package of “advance booking + extended stay discount” to proactively capture a share of
the overseas customer base. In respect of catering services, it focused on a three-pronged approach of “product upgrade,
market promotion, and customer-oriented”, including relocating the Atrium to the 100th floor, to better serve the high-
net-worth and business traveller base. Four Seasons Hotel Guangzhou is highly recognised by the market and has been
awarded the title of “One Michelin Key Hotel” as a whole. Its Chinese restaurant, Yu Yue Heen, has consecutively retained
the honour of “One Michelin-starred Restaurant in Guangzhou”, while its contemporary French restaurant CATCH earned
recognition as a “Michelin Guide Selected Restaurant (Plate Award) in Guangzhou”.

Ascott Serviced Apartments GZIFC: During the Interim Period, the average occupancy rate was 89.1%, representing a
year-on-year decrease of 3.2 percentage points. The average room rate was RMB1,186, representing a year-on-year
increase of 5.1%. The RevPAR was RMB1,056, representing a year-on-year growth of 1.4%. The RevPAR competitive index
reached 112.5, remaining at a high level among apartment competitors. The serviced apartments effectively capitalised
on opportunities presented by inbound travellers and identified the evolving needs of the customer base, thereby
achieving effective complementarity between long-stay and short-stay rental revenues. In the first half of the year, the
source of long-stay and short-stay guests expanded to 112 countries and regions, representing a year-on-year increase
of 14%, further enhancing the level of internationalisation. During the Interim Period, the overall operating revenue of the
Apartments increased by 2.0% year-on-year, reaching a record high for the same period.




                                                                                                                          29
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust             Interim Report 2026




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



MULTI-DIMENSIONAL RENOVATION TO ENHANCE QUALITY AND EFFICIENCY,
EMPOWERING ASSET VALUE PRESERVATION AND APPRECIATION
During the Interim Period, the Manager initiated a number of asset upgrading and renovation projects, focusing on
improving product competitiveness, energy conservation and carbon reduction performance, and safety assurance level
of the asset portfolio.

In terms of product competitiveness, for office buildings, the Manager continued to invest in furnishing vacant units in
GZIFC, Fortune Plaza, City Development Plaza, Wuhan Yuexiu Fortune Centre, Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower and Hangzhou
Victory to create highly competitive units and accelerate tenant acquisition and absorption. In terms of retail shopping
malls, the Manager commenced the partial upgrade and renovation project at GZIFC Shopping Mall, the outdoor plaza
upgrade and renovation project at Victory Plaza and the operational renovation project of Wuhan Starry Victoria Shopping
Centre. For hotel and serviced apartments, the Manager steadily advanced the refurbishment and renovation project at
Four Seasons Hotel Guangzhou and the renovation project for selected rooms and functional areas at Ascott Serviced
Apartments GZIFC to enhance service quality. For public areas, the Manager invested in the renovation project for the
public areas at Four Seasons Hotel Guangzhou, the renovation and refurbishment project for the sixth-floor public areas
at White Horse Building, the floor upgrade and renovation project at Fortune Plaza, the flooring and carpet upgrade and
renovation for the public areas of standard floor at Wuhan Yuexiu Fortune Centre and the corridor renovation project for
public areas at Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower.

In terms of energy conservation and carbon reduction, the Manager supported the efficient, low-carbon and healthy
operation of the projects by replacing ageing equipment and facilities with poor performance. Such efforts included the
insulation replacement project for the air-conditioning system from the mid- and low-zone of the main tower at GZIFC, the
replacement project of swimming pool equipment on the sixth floor of Ascott Serviced Apartments GZIFC, the replacement
of terminal devices in the air-conditioning system at White Horse Building, partial replacement of terminal devices in the
air-conditioning system at Fortune Plaza and the landscaping renovation project at Shanghai Yue Xiu Tower.

In terms of safety and security, the Manager initiated the renovation project for the emergency lighting and evacuation
indication system at GZIFC, the replacement project for the kitchen drainage pipes (podium section) at Four Seasons
Hotel Guangzhou, the electrostatic dust removal and protective barrier addition for the fresh air units at Ascott Serviced
Apartments GZIFC, the replacement and renovation project of transformers No. 1 and No. 2 at White Horse Building, and
the renovation project for fire-fighting fans at Hangzhou Victory.




30
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



PRUDENT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT STRATEGY AND CONTINUOUS OPTIMISATION OF
FINANCING STRUCTURE
In terms of liquidity management, in the first half of 2026, the Manager successfully completed debt financing
adjustments of approximately RMB11.7 billion by raising funds through capital operations combining with diversified
financing channels. In respect of refinancing upon maturity, the Manager formulated the inaugural Sustainable Financing
Framework and successfully issued the first dual-currency green offshore bonds to refinance the US$400 million bonds
due. The issuance attracted participation of over 60 high-quality investors in the international capital market, fully
demonstrating strong market recognition of the quality of Yuexiu REIT’s asset portfolio and its ESG performance. At the
same time, the Manager completed the refinancing of RMB3.80 billion in offshore loans upon maturity on competitive
terms, and the related financing arrangements extended the average debt maturity to 3.01 years and significantly reduced
financing costs. In terms of debt reduction, the Manager used Yuexiu REIT’s own funds to make early repayments of
existing debts, reducing total borrowings to RMB15.49 billion at the end of the period and lowering the debt ratio to 41.9%
accordingly. Through the debt financing adjustments in the first half of the year, Yuexiu REIT’s financing structure has
demonstrated stronger risk resilience, with liquidity risk maintained at a healthy level. As of the end of the Interim Period,
green and sustainable financing accounted for approximately 38% of Yuexiu REIT’s total financing.

As for interest rate management, during the period under review, global financial markets remained volatile and
geopolitical tensions caused significant fluctuations in crude oil prices, driving inflation expectations and reshaping the
interest rate outlook. The US Federal Reserve maintained its interest rates unchanged since the beginning of the year,
while market expectations reversed as the possibility of a rate hike resurfaced, leading to significantly heightened interest
rate risks. Against this backdrop, the Manager continued to proactively adjust the financing structure through various
financing instruments, converting floating-rate borrowings linked to HIBOR into fixed-rate financing instruments. As of the
end of the first half of 2026, the floating-rate exposure of Yuexiu REIT further decreased to approximately 7%, reaching a
historical low. The average interest payment rate stood at 3.79%, remaining stable as compared with the beginning of the
year.




                                                                                                                           31
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust            Interim Report 2026




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


With regard to foreign exchange management, the Manager adopted a prudent foreign currency strategy to minimise
the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on Yuexiu REIT’s performance. Over the past few years, the Manager has
continuously introduced RMB financing through multiple channels to replace foreign currency financing. As of the end of
June 2026, Yuexiu REIT’s RMB financing reached approximately RMB12.4 billion, accounting for 80% of total financing (as
of the end of 2025: RMB financing of approximately RMB15.5 billion, accounting for approximately 76% of total financing).
The exchange rate risk exposure has been reduced to 20% at the end of the period. The Manager will continue to further
narrow the exchange rate exposure by adjusting the financing structure and increasing the proportion of low-cost RMB
financing when appropriate.


EMPOWERING BUSINESS WITH ESG AND DRIVING THE FUTURE WITH GREEN INITIATIVES
Adhering to a long-term sustainable development concept, the Manager fully integrated the ESG governance framework
into Yuexiu REIT’s business operations and internal control and risk management systems. Through systematic
sustainability initiatives, Yuexiu REIT continuously created long-term value for all stakeholders, promoted the green
transformation of the industry, and contributed to the sustainable development of society. In the first half of the year,
Yuexiu REIT entered the RICS China Awards and was successfully shortlisted for the “Sustainability Achievement of the
Year” category.

Yuexiu REIT continuously optimised the green building management systems and enhanced the quality of asset services.
During the Interim Period, City Development Plaza successfully launched the “Renhe Home•Health Station (仁和家•健
康驛站)” based on the WELL Building Standard. By integrating professional medical resources, intelligent devices and a
team of certified health managers, the project established a service ecosystem that integrated commercial scenarios with
health management, extending professional health services to office scenarios aiming at providing full-cycle, one-stop
digital health management services for tenants and building staff, while driving the transformation of properties from
traditional spatial carriers into comprehensive service platforms that empower tenant development and safeguard the
well-being of people.




32
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


Yuexiu REIT actively fulfilled its social responsibilities to promote community inclusion and the popularisation of green
lifestyles. From April to May, Yuexiu REIT collaborated with tenants, merchants and public welfare organisations to launch
the “A New Life Through Minimisation – Guangzhou IFC Sustainable Living Programme 2.0 (減法新生活 － 廣州IFC可持
續生活計劃2.0)” initiative. Aligning with key environmental milestones such as Earth Day and World No Tobacco Day, the
initiative centred on the low-carbon philosophy of “Less Is More”, and was rolled out across multiple properties such as
Guangzhou International Finance Centre, Yuexiu Financial Tower, City Development Plaza and Fortune Plaza, organising
various themed activities including ecological salons, green points passports, circular and sustainable markets, low-
carbon challenges, eco-friendly handicrafts and smoke-free awareness campaigns in an orderly manner. Through diverse
public engagement scenarios, it promoted the concept of sustainable development and encouraged the public to embrace
a low-carbon lifestyle, thereby contributing to the development of urban ecological civilisation.


OUTLOOK
Recurring geopolitical conflicts in the Middle East and interest rate cuts by the US Federal Reserve at a slower pace have
increased uncertainties of the global economic recovery. In the opening year of China’s “15th Five-Year Plan”, domestic
fiscal, monetary, industrial and consumption policies continued to work in synergy to coordinate the deepening of supply
reform with the expansion of domestic demand, thereby steadily advancing high-quality economic development. The
Manager expects that RMB interest rates will remain at a relatively low level, and high-tech emerging industries will
maintain robust growth momentum, with the domestic economy maintaining stable operation within a reasonable range.

In the second half of the year, the Manager will remain prudent and adhere to the three key principles of “promoting
stability through proactive adaptation”, “pursuing innovative operations” and “striving for breakthroughs” to generate
stable returns for the Unitholders. In terms of asset management, the Manager will dynamically implement proactive,
prudent and flexible tenant acquisition and operating strategies in response to economic development trends and
competitive dynamics, innovate office products, create new consumption scenarios, and optimise tenant mix, thereby
keenly seizing potential opportunities to enhance the market competitiveness of asset portfolio. In terms of financing
management, the Manager will continue to review and make reasonable adjustments to its financing structure depending
on expectations of market developments and introduce a relatively low-cost financing through various financing channels
to seek more favourable financing costs and mitigate interest rate risks. In respect of renovation projects, the Manager
will proceed with various annual asset appreciation projects as planned, carry out the renovation of Four Seasons Hotel
Guangzhou in an orderly manner to support the long-term preservation and appreciation of property value.




                                                                                                                        33
            Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust              Interim Report 2026




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



FINANCIAL REVIEW
FINANCIAL RESULTS

During the Interim Period, gross income was lower than the corresponding period of 2025. The following is a summary of
Yuexiu REIT’s financial results during the Interim Period:


                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                          2026                  2025     (Decrease)/
                                                                     Unaudited          Unaudited           Increase
                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000
Gross income                                                           766,531            966,148            (20.7)%

Hotel and serviced apartments direct expenses                         (162,258)          (156,425)             3.7%
Leasing agents’ fees                                                    (15,215)              (21,990)       (30.8)%
Property related taxes (Note 1)                                         (79,969)         (105,328)           (24.1)%
Other property expenses (Note 2)                                         (1,493)               (3,369)       (55.7)%

Total property operating expenses                                     (258,935)          (287,112)            (9.8)%

Net property income                                                    507,596            679,036            (25.2)%

Withholding tax                                                         (18,789)              (20,257)        (7.2)%
Depreciation and amortisation                                           (67,835)              (67,590)         0.4%
Manager’s fees                                                          (76,524)              (83,964)        (8.9)%
Trustee’s fees                                                           (6,088)               (6,275)        (3.0)%
Other trust expenses (Note 3)                                           17,662                32,875         (46.3)%

Total non-property operating expenses                                 (151,574)          (145,211)             4.4%

Profit before finance income,
     finance expenses and tax                                          356,022            533,825            (33.3)%
Finance income                                                          37,252                10,568         252.5%
Finance expenses                                                      (403,488)          (461,117)           (12.5)%

(Loss)/Profit before tax                                                (10,214)              83,276        (112.3)%
Income tax expenses                                                     (72,276)               4,851      (1,589.9)%

Net (loss)/profit after income tax before
     fair value loss on investment properties
     and share of profit of associates                                  (82,490)              88,127        (193.6)%
Fair value loss on investment properties                                (96,101)         (425,546)           (77.4)%
Share of profit of associates                                           22,016                     —            N/A

Net loss after income tax before
     transactions with Unitholders                                    (156,575)          (337,419)           (53.6)%




34
                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


Note 1   Property related taxes include urban real estate tax, land use right tax, urban construction and maintenance tax, education surcharge, local
         education surcharge, stamp duties, etc..


Note 2   Other property expenses include valuation fee, insurance premium, impairment allowance and other expenses incurred at the level of the
         properties.


Note 3   Other trust expenses include audit fees, printing charges, unit registrar’s fees, legal advisory fees, exchange differences from operations, value
         added tax, Manager’s fee adjustment and miscellaneous expenses.


Gross income includes income from office, wholesale market, retail shopping malls, hotel and serviced apartments. Gross
income analysis is set out in the following table:


                                                                       Chinese                                    Six months ended 30 June

(RMB’000)                                                            Mainland              Hong Kong                      2026                    2025

Office (Note)                                                         327,001                    1,628                328,629                 531,562
Wholesale market                                                      100,901                         —               100,901                 109,353
Retail shopping malls                                                   75,521                        —                 75,521                  74,805
Hotel and serviced apartments                                         261,480                         —               261,480                 250,428

Total                                                                 764,903                    1,628                766,531                 966,148



During the Interim Period, net property income amounted to approximately RMB507,596,000 (June 2025: RMB679,036,000)
representing approximately 66.2% (June 2025: 70.3%) of gross income, after deduction of hotel and serviced apartments
direct expenses, property related taxes, leasing agents’ fees and other property operating expenses. Net property income
analysis is set out in the following table:


                                                                       Chinese                                    Six months ended 30 June

(RMB’000)                                                            Mainland              Hong Kong                      2026                    2025

Office (Note)                                                         269,512                    1,620                271,132                 440,760
Wholesale market                                                        84,914                        —                 84,914                  91,967
Retail shopping malls                                                   62,271                        —                 62,271                  62,310
Hotel and serviced apartments                                           89,279                        —                 89,279                  83,999

Total                                                                 505,976                    1,620                507,596                 679,036


Note:    Yuexiu Financial Tower was disposed of on 15 October 2025. During the 2025 Interim Period, Yuexiu Financial Tower recorded income of
         RMB165,056,000 and net property income of RMB136,931,000.


Hotel and serviced apartments direct expenses were RMB162,258,000 (including depreciation of approximately
RMB4,862,000 incurred in connection with right-of-use assets and interest expense of approximately RMB398,000
incurred in connection with lease liabilities), an increase of 3.7% as compared with six months ended 30 June 2025. It was
mainly due to an increase in the income from hotel and serviced apartments.




                                                                                                                                                        35
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust             Interim Report 2026




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


Leasing agents’ fee decreased by approximately 30.8% as compared with six months ended 30 June 2025. It was mainly
due to a decrease in rental income.

Property related taxes decreased by approximately 24.1% as compared with six months ended 30 June 2025. It was
mainly due to a decrease in rental income.

As hotel and serviced apartments were booked as fixed assets, depreciation and amortisation charges were incurred.

Other trust expenses decreased by approximately 46.3%, mainly due to the compensation for acquisition of approximately
RMB18,932,000 and Manager’s fee adjustment of approximately RMB3,803,000 (2025: Manager’s fee adjustment of
RMB43,293,000). Excluding the above two income items, other trust expenses incurred for the Interim Period amounted to
RMB5,073,000 (2025: RMB10,418,000).

The finance income received for the Interim Period amounted to approximately RMB37,252,000 (June 2025:
RMB10,568,000).

During the Interim Period, as a result of the exchange rate fluctuations, the bank borrowings and guaranteed medium
term notes denominated in USD incurred an exchange loss of approximately RMB58,355,000. Excluding the exchange
loss, the financing costs for the Interim Period were approximately RMB345,133,000 (June 2025: Excluding the exchange
loss, the financing costs were approximately RMB402,886,000). The average one-month Hong Kong Interbank Offered
Rate (“HIBOR”) for the first half of 2026 was 2.53%, which was lower than that of the first half of 2025 by approximately
35 basis points and led to a decrease in interest expense on the floating portion of debt. Meanwhile, the Manager utilised
funds raised through capital operations for early prepayment of existing debt, thereby further reducing the cost of debt.

Loss after tax before transactions with Unitholders amounted to approximately RMB156,575,000 (June 2025: loss of
approximately RMB337,419,000), which represented a decrease of 53.6%, mainly due to the decrease in fair value loss on
investment properties.


NEW UNITS ISSUED AND UNIT ACTIVITY

In respect of the settlement of Manager’s fee for the period from 1 July 2025 to 31 December 2025, Yuexiu REIT issued
79,838,978 new units at HK$0.783 per unit on 1 April 2026. As at 30 June 2026, a total of 5,338,808,075 units were issued
by Yuexiu REIT.

The unit price of Yuexiu REIT reached a high of HK$0.87 and a low of HK$0.64 during the Interim Period. The average
trading volume amounted to approximately 4,024,000 units (June 2025: 3,281,000 units) per day during the Interim Period.




36
                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


DEFERRED MANAGER FEE UNITS

According to the announcement dated 24 March 2024, RMB3,275,674 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,610,473) has
been deferred and settled by issuing another tranche of new Units at the applicable Market Price at such later date(s)
which Yuexiu REIT Manager considers is in the interests of the independent Unitholders provided the Trustee has no
objection to such issuance.

According to the announcement dated 2 September 2024, RMB19,393,162 (equivalent to approximately HK$21,238,815)
has been deferred and settled by issuing another tranche of new Units at the applicable Market Price at such later date(s)
which Yuexiu REIT Manager considers is in the interests of the independent Unitholders provided the Trustee has no
objection to such issuance.


DEFERRED UNITS

According to the offering circular in relation to the acquisition of GZIFC dated 30 June 2012, commencing from 31
December 2016, Yuexiu REIT will, on 31 December of each year, issue to Yuexiu Property Company Limited (“YXP”) (or YXP
Nominee) such number of Deferred Units as shall be equal to the maximum number of Units that may be issued to YXP (or
YXP Nominee) and its concert parties which, when aggregated with the Manager Fee Units that are expected to be issued
during the period of 12 months after the relevant Issue Date, will not trigger an obligation on the part of YXP (and parties
acting in concert with it) to make a mandatory general offer under Rule 26 of the Takeovers Code for all Units not already
owned or agreed to be acquired by them at the relevant time.

As stated in the circular dated 13 November 2021 (“2021 Circular”), in light of the subscription price of the Rights Issue
(being HK$3.20) being at a discount greater than 10% of the average of the daily closing prices of the Units for the five
consecutive trading days preceding the date of the 2021 Announcement (being HK$3.67), the Deferred Units Issue Price
shall be adjusted by multiplying the current Deferred Units Issue Price (being HK$4.00 per Unit) by the fraction as set
out under the Indebtedness Agreement and further described in the 2021 Circular (the “Deferred Units Issue Price
Adjustment”). The Deferred Units Issue Price Adjustment has taken effect upon the completion of the Rights Issue, which
has taken place on 26 January 2022.

Accordingly, assuming no other Deferred Units Adjustment Events eventuate, the balance of the Assignment consideration
will be settled by the issuance of 167,808,584 Deferred Units in aggregate at HK$3.861652 per Unit.


NET ASSET VALUE

The net assets (including net assets attributable to deferred Unitholders) attributable to Unitholders per Unit as at 30 June
2026 was approximately RMB2.63, equivalent to approximately HK$3.03 (as at 31 December 2025: RMB2.68, equivalent to
approximately HK$2.97).




                                                                                                                          37
            Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust         Interim Report 2026




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)



CAPITAL AND FINANCING STRUCTURE
Yuexiu REIT’s indebtedness is as follows:


                                                                                               As at             As at
                                                                                            30 June      31 December
                                                                                               2026              2025
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

Bank borrowings and notes
     Denominated in RMB                                                                  12,394,815        15,466,927
     Denominated in HK$                                                                   1,056,961         2,107,628
     Denominated in USD                                                                   2,039,357         2,811,384

Total bank borrowings and notes                                                          15,491,133        20,385,939

Maturity analysis
     Within one year                                                                      3,231,200        13,078,028
     One to two years                                                                     4,356,859         2,587,462
     Two to five years                                                                    7,056,174         4,720,449
     Beyond five years                                                                      846,900                 —

The effective interest rate (per annum) of the bank
     borrowings and notes at the balance sheet date
     RMB                                                                                      3.36%             3.64%
     HK$                                                                                      4.38%             4.58%
     USD                                                                                      6.57%             2.72%

The overall effective interest rate (per annum) of the bank borrowings and notes at the balance sheet date was 3.85% (as
at 31 December 2025: 3.61%).

On 12 February 2026, Yuexiu REIT issued three-year dual-currency green guaranteed medium term notes with an
aggregate principal amount of US$300,000,000 and RMB690,000,000 under its updated US$1,500,000,000 guaranteed
medium term note programme to repay the maturing US$400,000,000 guaranteed medium term notes. For details, please
refer to the announcements dated 27 January 2026 and 12 February 2026.

On 30 March 2026, Yuexiu REIT, through its offshore SPV company, entered into a one-year unsecured fixed-rate loan
renewal agreement with an overseas bank for an amount of RMB400,000,000. The loan was drawn down on 31 March
2026 to repay certain RMB-denominated bank loans.




38
                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


On 16 April 2026, Yuexiu REIT fully drew down the RMB3,800,000,000 five-year secured fixed-rate club term loan (interest
rate at 2.75%), which was entered into through its offshore SPV company with certain lending banks, to early refinance
certain RMB- and Hong Kong dollar-denominated bank loans. The loan agreement was signed on 31 December 2025.

On the same day, Yuexiu REIT partially drew down the RMB1,029,400,000 fifteen-year ultra-long-term secured fixed-rate
club term loan (interest rate at 2.85%), which was entered into through its domestic project company with certain lending
banks, to early refinance onshore loans of RMB987,000,000. The loan agreement was signed on 29 December 2025.

The Manager adopted a series of liquidity management measures. It managed the annual interest rate at a reasonable
level and was alert for the foreign exchange risk.

By raising funds through capital operations and combining with diversified financing channels, the Manager completed the
debt structure adjustment and reduced the floating-rate exposure to a historical low of 7% as at the end of the first half of
2026, effectively mitigating the impact of interest rate market fluctuations on the performance of Yuexiu REIT.

At the end of June 2026, the average financing cost of Yuexiu REIT was 3.85% (June 2025: 3.33%). The average interest
payment rate for the first half of the year was 3.79% (first half of 2025: 3.92%), which was 126bp higher than the average
daily HIBOR(1m) for the first half of the year at 2.53% (first half of 2025: 2.88%), but still lower than the financing cost level
of offshore loans of Yuexiu REIT.

In light of the general market expectation of slow interest rate cuts in 2026, and the fact that interest rate would remain
higher than the existing RMB financing cost even if interest rate cuts take place, the refinancing strategy will therefore
continue to focus on replacing existing financing with low-cost domestic RMB financing.

As at 30 June 2026, total borrowings of Yuexiu REIT amounted to approximately RMB15,491,133,000 which represented
approximately 41.9% (as at 31 December 2025: 48.5%) of total assets of Yuexiu REIT. The above said gearing ratio was
below the maximum borrowing limit of 50% as stipulated in the REIT Code.

As at 30 June 2026, total liabilities of Yuexiu REIT (excluding net assets attributable to Unitholders) amounted to
approximately RMB21,843,543,000, representing approximately 59.0% of total assets of Yuexiu REIT.




                                                                                                                               39
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust             Interim Report 2026




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS (CONTINUED)


CASH POSITION

Cash and cash equivalents and short-term deposit balance of Yuexiu REIT as at 30 June 2026 amounted to approximately
RMB1,686,578,000. Yuexiu REIT has sufficient financial resources to satisfy its financial commitments and working capital
requirements.

During the first half of 2026, the Manager used its own funds to repay outstanding loans of approximately RMB5.3 billion
in aggregate.

The Manager has adopted a prudent approach in cash management to ensure flexibility to meet the operational needs and
the distributions of Yuexiu REIT.


REVIEW OF FINANCIAL RESULTS
The results of Yuexiu REIT for the Interim Period have been reviewed by the Disclosures Committee and Audit Committee
of the Manager and by Yuexiu REIT’s auditor in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Review Engagements 2410
“Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


ISSUANCE OF 2026 INTERIM REPORT
The interim report of Yuexiu REIT for the six months ended 30 June 2026 will be published on the websites of the Stock
Exchange and Yuexiu REIT, and will be sent to Unitholders on or before 31 August 2026.


REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF UNITS
Yuexiu REIT may, subject to the fulfillment of certain requirements, purchase its own Units on the Stock Exchange. During
the Interim Period, there was no repurchase, sale or redemption of Units of Yuexiu REIT by Yuexiu REIT or any of its
subsidiaries.


SUMMARY OF ALL REAL ESTATE SALES AND PURCHASES
Yuexiu REIT or any of its subsidiaries did not enter into any real estate sale and purchase during the Interim Period.


EMPLOYEES
As at 30 June 2026, Yuexiu REIT employed 540 and 124 employees in China for hotel operation and for serviced
apartments operation through its subsidiaries respectively, mainly to fulfill its operating functions and provision of
services for hotel and serviced apartments.

Save as disclosed above, Yuexiu REIT is managed by the Manager. Yuexiu REIT does not employ any staff directly.




40
                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Manager has adopted an overall corporate governance framework of the Code of Best Practice that is designed to
promote the operation of Yuexiu REIT in a transparent manner with built-in checks and balances which are critical to the
performance of the Manager and consequently, the success of Yuexiu REIT which it manages.

The Manager has adopted a compliance manual (the “Compliance Manual”) and the principles and provisions of the
Corporate Governance Code for use in relation to the management and operation of Yuexiu REIT which includes key
policies and procedures to maintain a high standard of corporate governance.

During the Interim Period, the Manager has complied with the provisions of the Compliance Manual for its management of
Yuexiu REIT.


AUTHORISATION STRUCTURE
Yuexiu REIT is a unit trust authorised by the SFC under section 104 of the SFO and regulated by the provisions of the
REIT Code. The Manager has been authorised by the SFC under section 116 of the SFO to conduct the regulated activity
of asset management. During the Interim Period, Ms. Ou Haijing, Mr. Lin Deliang, Mr. Kwan Chi Fai and Mr. Liu Bihong are
Responsible Officers.

The Trustee is registered as a trust company under section 77 of the Trustee Ordinance (Chapter 29 of the Laws of Hong
Kong) and is qualified to act as a trustee for authorised collective investment schemes under the SFO and the REIT Code.


ROLES OF THE TRUSTEE AND MANAGER
The Trustee is responsible under the Trust Deed for, amongst other things, the safe custody of the assets of Yuexiu REIT
held by it on behalf of Unitholders. The Manager’s role under the Trust Deed is to manage Yuexiu REIT in accordance
with the Trust Deed and, in particular, to ensure that the financial and economic aspects of Yuexiu REIT’s assets are
professionally managed in the sole interests of the Unitholders.


DEALING IN SECURITIES OF YUEXIU REIT BY DIRECTORS OR THE MANAGER
The Manager has adopted the “Code Governing Dealings in Units by Directors or the Manager” (the “Units Dealing Code”)
governing dealings in the units of Yuexiu REIT as set out in the Compliance Manual, on terms no less exacting than the
required standards of the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix 10
of the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”). The Units Dealings Code may be extended to senior executives, officers and other
employees of the Manager as the board may determine. Following specific enquiries by the Manager, the Directors of the
Manager and the Manager have confirmed that they have complied with the required standards under the Model Code and
the Units Dealing Code during the Interim Period.




                                                                                                                           41
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust              Interim Report 2026




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED)



FUNCTIONS OF THE BOARD
The board of Directors of the Manager (the “Board”) currently comprises eight members, four of whom are INEDs.

The Board principally oversees the day-to-day management of the Manager’s affairs and the conduct of its business and is
responsible for the overall governance of the Manager. The Board’s functions are largely separated from, and independent
of, the executive management function. The Board leads and guides the Manager’s corporate strategy and direction. Day-
to-day management functions and certain supervisory functions have been delegated to relevant committees of the Board
and a schedule of matters specifically reserved to the Board has been formally adopted. The Board exercises its general
powers within the limits defined by the Manager’s articles of association (“Articles of Association”), with a view to ensuring
that management discharges its duties and is compensated appropriately, and that sound internal control policies and
risk management systems are maintained. The Board will also review major financial decisions and the performance of
the Manager. In accordance with the REIT Code, the Manager is required to act in the best interests of the Unitholders, to
whom it owes a fiduciary duty.


BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has the power to delegate to committees consisting of such numbers of its body as it thinks fit. Various
committees have been established to assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities. The committees of the Board
have been set up with clear terms of reference to review specific issues or items and to then submit their findings and
recommendations to the full Board for consideration and endorsement. Unless the decision making power has been
vested in the relevant committee by the Board, the ultimate responsibility for making final decisions rests with the full
Board and not the committees.

The committees of the Board are as follows:


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee comprises INEDs only (at least one of whom must have appropriate professional qualifications or
accounting or related financial management expertise) and should have at least three members. Among other matters, it
reviews the completeness, accuracy and fairness of Yuexiu REIT’s financial statements and considers the scope, approach
and nature of internal and external audit reviews, and is responsible for the overall risk management.


FINANCE AND INVESTMENT COMMITTEE

The Finance and Investment Committee comprises seven Directors, including the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer,
Deputy CEO and at least one INED. It is responsible for, among other matters, evaluating and making recommendations on
proposed acquisitions and disposals of assets proposed by the Manager and Yuexiu REIT, approving budgets and reviewing
actual expenses on all key expenditures and reviewing the quarterly financial performance, forecasts and annual financial
plan of the Manager and Yuexiu REIT. The Finance and Investment Committee also reviews and recommends changes to
financial authorities, policies or procedures in areas such as accounting, taxes, treasury, distribution payout, investment
appraisal, management and statutory reporting.




42
                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED)


DISCLOSURES COMMITTEE

The Disclosures Committee comprises the Chief Executive Officer and at least one INED. Among other matters, it is
responsible for reviewing matters relating to the regular, urgent and forward looking disclosure of information to
Unitholders and public announcements and circulars. The Disclosures Committee also oversees compliance with
applicable legal requirements (including those relating to Yuexiu REIT’s connected party transactions) and the continuity,
accuracy, clarity, completeness and circulation of information disseminated by the Manager and Yuexiu REIT to the public
and applicable regulatory agencies.


REMUNERATION AND NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Remuneration and Nomination Committee comprises the Chairman and at least three other Directors, one of whom
must be an INED. Among other matters, it reviews the terms and conditions of employment of all staff and Directors (other
than the members of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee, whose remunerations are determined by the Board)
and recommends the manpower deployment plan (including the succession plan for the management of the Manager and
the Board), remuneration and retirement policies and packages. It ensures that no Director is involved in deciding his own
remuneration. It is also responsible for reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board and its committees
on an ongoing basis and for nominating, and providing recommendations on, persons for appointment, re-appointment
or removal as Directors. If a member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee is subject to re-appointment or
removal, then such Director will abstain from participating in such discussions.


CONFLICT OF INTEREST
The REIT Manager has established the following procedures to deal with conflict of interest:

1)    The REIT Manager does not manage any other real estate investment trust or involve in any other real estate
      business;

2)    All connected party transactions are monitored and undertaken according to the procedures and/or terms in
      compliance with the REIT Code;

3)    At least half of the Board comprise INEDs.

4)    INED’s appointment should be approved by Unitholders by way of an Ordinary Resolution.

The Manager confirms that there were no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance subsisting with Yuexiu
REIT during the current period in which a Director or an entity connected with the Director was materially interested.


PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available as at the date of this report, the Manager reports there was more than
25% of the Units held in public hands as required under the Listing Rules and the REIT Code.




                                                                                                                         43
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust                     Interim Report 2026




CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The connected party transaction rules of the REIT Code govern transactions between the Yuexiu REIT Group and its
connected persons (as defined in Rule 8.1 of the REIT Code). Such transactions will constitute connected party transactions
for the purposes of the REIT Code.

Yuexiu REIT has also complied with disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Information in respect of the transactions entered into between Yuexiu REIT and its connected persons (as defined in
paragraph 8.1 of the REIT Code) during the Reporting Interim Period, other than those transactions that are excluded
pursuant to waivers granted by the SFC and/or exempted from the reporting requirements (if any), is set out in this
section and Note 26 of the consolidated financial statements in this report.


CONTINUING CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
LEASING TRANSACTIONS

                   Connected                   Relationship                                                                Aggregate Transaction Value
Date               Person                      with Yuexiu REIT   Nature of Transaction                                    for the 2026 Interim Period (RMB)

22 November 2023   Guangzhou Yue Xiu           An associate of    On 22 November 2023, the Manager (on behalf of           117,051,000
                   Holdings Limited (“GZYX”)   the Manager        Yuexiu REIT Group) entered into the Yuexiu Leasing
                                                                  Framework Agreement with GZYX setting out the
                                                                  terms and conditions and pricing policy governing the
                                                                  connected leasing transactions between Yuexiu REIT
                                                                  Group and Yuexiu Connected Persons Group (being
                                                                  GZYX and its subsidiaries and associates) (“Yuexiu
                                                                  Connected Persons Group”) which are either in place
                                                                  or to be entered into or renewed from time to time for
                                                                  the period from 1 January 2026 to 31 December 2026,
                                                                  subject to the annual caps of RMB603,203,000 for the
                                                                  year ending 31 December 2026.




44
                                                        CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)


PROPERTY MANAGEMENT TRANSACTIONS

                   Connected         Relationship                                                                 Aggregate Transaction Value
Date               Person            with Yuexiu REIT     Nature of Transaction                                   for the 2026 Interim Period (RMB)

22 November 2023   GZYX              An associate of      On 22 November 2023, the Manager (on behalf of          N/A
                                     the Manager          Yuexiu REIT Group) entered into the Yuexiu Property
                                                          Management Framework Agreement with GZYX
                                                          setting out the terms and conditions and pricing
                                                          policy governing the connected property management
                                                          transactions with the Yuexiu Connected Persons
                                                          Group which are either in place or to be entered into
                                                          or renewed from time to time for the period from 1
                                                          January 2026 to 31 December 2026.


TENANCY SERVICES TRANSACTIONS

                   Connected         Relationship                                                                 Aggregate Transaction Value
Date               Person            with Yuexiu REIT     Nature of Transaction                                   for the 2026 Interim Period (RMB)

22 November 2023   Yuexiu Property   An associate of      On 22 November 2023, the Manager (on behalf of          15,215,000
                                     the Manager          Yuexiu REIT Group) entered into the Yuexiu Tenancy
                                                          Services Framework Agreement with Yuexiu Property
                                                          setting out the terms and conditions and pricing
                                                          policy governing the connected tenancy services
                                                          transactions with the Yuexiu Connected Persons
                                                          Group which are either in place or to be entered into
                                                          or renewed from time to time for the period from 1
                                                          January 2026 to 31 December 2026, subject to the
                                                          annual caps of RMB68,743,000 for the year ending 31
                                                          December 2026.




                                                                                                                                                45
                    Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust                                          Interim Report 2026




CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)



STAFF QUARTERS SUBLEASE
The following table sets forth information in relation to the sublease entered into between a connected person of Yuexiu
REIT and Guangzhou Yue Xiu City Construction International Finance Center Co., Ltd., Four Seasons Hotel Branch* (廣州越
秀城建國際金融中心有限公司四季酒店分公司) (being a branch company of a subsidiary of Yuexiu REIT):

                                                                                                                                                                                  Sublease
                                                                                                                                                                                  payment
                                                                                                                                                                                 during the
                                         Location          Relationship                           Sublease                    Monthly Monthly rent      Rent free                     2026
 Tenant                                  of unit           with Yuexiu REIT              GFA      commencement/renewal date      rent     per sq.m.       period      Term Interim Period
                                                                                       (sq.m.)                                  (RMB)         (RMB)        (days)    (years)         (RMB)

 Guangzhou Yuexiu Star Apartment         Guangzhou         An associate of           7,411.05     1 December 2025             815,895          110             0          3      4,895,000
      Management Co., Ltd.*              Tianhe District   the Manager
      (廣州越秀星寓公寓管理有限公司)                   邦華名悅



TRADE MARK LICENCE AGREEMENTS
The following table sets forth information for the period in relation to the trade mark licences granted by the connected
persons to Yuexiu REIT:


                                                                                                                                Amount paid/
                                                                                                                                   payable for
                                         Relationship with                                        Nature of                             the 2026
 Grantor                                 Yuexiu REIT                      Property                Transaction                  Interim Period Licence maturity date

 Baima BM                                An associate of                  White Horse             Trade Mark Licence                           — 27 November 2026,
                                         the Manager                      Building                Agreement (6)                                — 6 December 2026,
                                                                                                                                               — 13 January 2027,
                                                                                                                                               — 13 December 2026,
                                                                                                                                               — 20 January 2027
                                                                                                                                               — 27 November 2026
 Yue Xiu Enterprises                     An associate of                  Fortune Plaza           Trade Mark Licence                           — Perpetuity (subject to
      (Holdings) (“Yue Xiu”)       (1)
                                         the Manager                                              Agreement                                           early termination terms)

(1)         The trademarks were assigned from Yue Xiu to GZYX.




46
                                                                   CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)



CONSTRUCTION SETTLEMENT AGENCY AGREEMENT
The following table sets forth information for the 2026 Interim Period in relation to the prepaid construction payable by
Yuexiu REIT to a connected person and the interest charged on the balance of prepaid construction payable:


                                                                                        Balance of                                          Amount of
                                                                                           Prepaid                                             interest
                                                                                      Construction                                           received/
                                                                                       Payable for                                      receivable for
 Engineering                 Relationship with      Date of the                           the 2026                                           the 2026
 Settlement Agent            Yuexiu REIT            Agreement                       Interim Period Nature of Transaction               Interim Period
                                                                                               (RMB)                                              (RMB)

 GCCD                        An associate of        4 May 2012                          40,106,000 Interest on the balance                   1,712,000
                             the Manager                                                               of construction payable


SHAREHOLDER LOAN AGREEMENT
The following table sets forth information in relation to the Shareholder Loan Agreement entered into between 廣州越秀
城建國際金融中心有限公司 (Guangzhou Yue Xiu Construction International Finance Center Co., Ltd.) (being a subsidiary of
Yuexiu REIT) and Yuexiu REIT’s connected persons:


                                                                                                                                            Amount of
                                                                                                                                               interest
                                                                                                                                             received/
                                                                                                                                        receivable for
                                        Relationship with               Date of the                                                          the 2026
 Borrower                               Yuexiu REIT                     Agreement                          Principal amount            Interim Period
                                                                                                                                                  (RMB)

 Yuexiu Financial Tower                 An associate of                 3 November 2025                    RMB650,000,000                  13,076,000
 Project Companies     (1)
                                        the Manager

(1)     The Shareholder Loan Agreement forms part of the transaction arrangements for the disposal of 50% interest in Yuexiu Financial Tower. For details,
        please refer to the circular dated 9 September 2025, and the announcements dated 15 October 2025 and 10 December 2025.




                                                                                                                                                       47
        Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust            Interim Report 2026




CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)



ORDINARY BANKING SERVICES

                                                                                          The highest
                                                                                                  daily          Amount
                                                                                              aggregate       of interest
                                                                                              amount of        received/
                                                                       The balance of bank deposits           receivable
                                                                       bank deposits             within            within
                             Nature of            Relationship          amount as at           the 2026         the 2026
Name                         Transaction          with Yuexiu REIT      30 June 2026 Interim Period Interim Period
                                                                                  (RMB)           (RMB)             (RMB)

Chong Hing                   Bank deposits        An associate of        151,446,000      151,446,000            897,000
                                                  the Manager


                                                                                                    Amount of interest
                                                                                                            paid/payable
                        Nature of                                                                         within the 2026
Name                     Transaction          Date of the Agreement      Principal amount                  Interim Period

Chong Hing              Loan                  19 December 2024                HK$37,000,000                  RMB743,000
Chong Hing              Loan                  4 November 2025                HK$200,000,000                RMB3,688,000


                                                                                                          Amount of fees
                        Nature of             Relationship                          Date of               paid within the
Name                     Transaction          with Yuexiu REIT                the Agreement        2026 Interim Period
Chong Hing              Commercial            An associate of            7 December 2025                       HK$7,000
                        insurance             the Manager




48
                                                                     CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)



CORPORATE FINANCE TRANSACTIONS

                                                                                                                                         Amount of fees
                                                                                                                                          paid/payable/
                                                                                                                                               amortized
                                                                                                                                         within the 2026
 Name                                         Nature of Transaction                        Date of the Agreement                          Interim Period

 Chong Hing                                   Bond (1)                                     17 March 2023                                        RMB7,000
 Chong Hing                                   Bond   (1)
                                                                                           2 April 2025                                       RMB30,000
 Chong Hing                                   Bond   (1)
                                                                                           5 February 2026                                    RMB26,000
 Yue Xiu Securities                           Bond   (1)
                                                                                           17 March 2023                                        RMB9,000
 Yue Xiu Securities                           Bond (1)                                     2 April 2025                                       RMB30,000
 Yue Xiu Securities                           Bond (1)                                     5 February 2026                                  RMB130,000

(1)     Chong Hing and Yue Xiu Securities were two of the underwriters.



FINANCING OF THE DEFERRED COMPLETION PAYMENT

                                                                                                                          Amount of            Amount of
                                                                                                                          fees paid/              interest
                                                                                                                             payable       paid/payable
                                                                                                                          within the           within the
                                               Relationship                 Date of                   Principal       2026 Interim         2026 Interim
 Name                                          with Yuexiu REIT             agreement                   amount                 Period               Period
                                                                                                           (RMB)                                      (RMB)

 Guangzhou Construction &                      An associate of              21 December                  20,000                      —                    —
      Development Holdings (China)             the Manager                  2017
      Limited (“GCD (China)”)       (1)



(1)     On 21 December 2018, Yuexiu REIT repaid the deferred completion payment of approximately RMB803,783,000 to GCD (China), and the balance of
        approximately RMB20,000 will be settled upon payment of tax by the counterparty.



HSBC GROUP*
Set out below is the information in respect of the connected party transactions involving Yuexiu REIT and the HSBC Group.

(*Note: “HSBC Group” means The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (“HSBC”) and its subsidiaries and, unless expressly stated, shall
        not include the Trustee and its proprietary subsidiaries (being the subsidiaries of the Trustee except those subsidiaries formed in its capacity as the
        trustee of Yuexiu REIT)).




                                                                                                                                                            49
                   Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust                             Interim Report 2026




CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)



LEASING TRANSACTIONS
Certain units of GZIFC have been leased to members of the HSBC Group as follows:

                                                                                                                                                             Rental income
                                                                                                                                                                during the
                                                                  Gross                                               Monthly        Rent                            2026
                                                                  Floor    Lease                    Monthly               rent        free                         Interim
 Tenant                               Unit                         Area    commencement date             rent        per sq.m.      period         Term             Period
                                                                 (sq.m.)                                 (RMB)           (RMB)      (days)        (years)            (RMB)

 HSBC Bank (China) Company Limited,   5001, 5002, 5005B, 5006   1,969.84   15 September 2024        440,869               224           0              5         2,405,000
      Guangzhou Branch



CORPORATE FINANCE TRANSACTIONS AND ORDINARY BANKING SERVICES
The following table sets forth information in relation to the corporate finance transactions and ordinary banking services
made between the HSBC Group and Yuexiu REIT within the 2026 Interim Period:

ORDINARY BANKING SERVICES

                                                                                                                                 The highest
                                                                                                                                         daily               Amount
                                                                                                                                  aggregate             of interest
                                                                                                                                  amount of                 received/
                                                                                                   The balance of bank deposits                         receivable
                                                                                                   bank deposits                      within                   within
                                             Nature of                     Relationship             amount as at                   the 2026                 the 2026
 Name                                        Transaction                   with Yuexiu REIT         30 June 2026 Interim Period Interim Period
                                                                                                                   (RMB)                (RMB)                    (RMB)

 HSBC Group                                  Bank deposits                 Trustee                        79,651,000 2,136,921,000                          1,489,000


                                                                                                                                             Amount of interest
                                                                                                                                                   paid/payable
                                      Nature of                                                                                                  within the 2026
 Name                                 transaction                    Date of agreement                    Principal amount                        Interim Period

 HSBC Group                           Loan     (1)
                                                                     4 November 2025                             HK$30,000,000                      RMB569,000

(1)         HSBC Group was one of the lending banks.




50
                                                         CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)


CORPORATE FINANCE

                                                                                                     Amount of fees paid/
                                                                                               payable/amortized within
 Name                            Nature of transaction     Date of agreement                       the 2026 Interim Period

 HSBC Group                      Bond (1)                  5 February 2026                                      RMB3,000

(1)   HSBC Group was one of the underwriters.


GZI REIT (Holding) 2005 Company Limited, Partat, Keen Ocean, Full Estates, Moon King, Ever Joint Investment International
Limited (“Ever Joint”), Long Grace Holdings Limited (“Long Grace”), Profit Link Investment International Limited (“Profit
Link”), San Bright Holdings Limited (“San Bright”) and Yuexiu REIT MTN Company Limited have maintained interest bearing
accounts with HSBC at arm’s length and on commercial terms for deposits during the 2026 Interim Period.


WAIVER FROM STRICT COMPLIANCE
A waiver from strict compliance with the disclosure requirement and Unitholders’ approval under Chapter 8 of the REIT
Code in respect of the transactions with connected persons of the Trustee has been granted by the SFC on 8 December
2005 subject to specific caps on fees payable by Yuexiu REIT for corporate finance services, review by the auditors for
each relevant financial period, annual review by the Audit Committee and the INEDs and other terms and conditions.
Details of the Waiver and its terms and conditions have been published in the Offering Circular.


CONFIRMATION FROM TRUSTEE AND MANAGER ON CORPORATE FINANCE
TRANSACTIONS WITH THE HSBC GROUP
The Trustee and the Manager both confirm that, with respect to the corporate finance transactions entered into with the
HSBC Group under review: (i) the general conditions under the Waiver (details of which were disclosed in Yuexiu REIT’s
offering circular dated 12 December 2005) were complied with; and (ii) the Trustee was not involved in the making of any
decision to enter into such transaction on behalf of Yuexiu REIT (subject to its duties of oversight under the REIT Code and
the Trust Deed).


CONFIRMATION BY THE INEDS
The INEDs of the Manager confirm that they have reviewed the terms of all relevant connected party transactions
including those connected party transactions with the Yuexiu Connected Persons Group and the HSBC Group and that they
are satisfied that these transactions have been entered into:

(a)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of Yuexiu REIT;

(b)   on normal commercial terms (to the extent that there are comparable transactions) or, where there are not
      sufficient comparable transactions to judge whether they are on normal commercial terms, on terms no less
      favourable to or from Yuexiu REIT than terms available from or to (as appropriate) independent third parties; and

(c)   in accordance with the relevant agreement and the Manager’s internal procedures governing them (if any) on terms
      that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Unitholders as a whole.

                                                                                                                          51
            Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust                Interim Report 2026




CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)



MANAGER’S FEES
During the 2026 Interim Period, the aggregate amount of fees payable by Yuexiu REIT to the Manager under the Trust Deed
was approximately RMB76,524,000, the Base Fee of which was settled by the issuance of new Units, and the Service Fee
of which was settled in cash. For the avoidance of doubt, the services provided by the Manager pursuant to the Trust Deed
are not treated as connected party transactions of Yuexiu REIT.


TRUSTEE’S FEES
During the 2026 Interim Period, the aggregate amount of fees payable by Yuexiu REIT to the Trustee under the Trust Deed
was approximately RMB6,088,000. For the avoidance of doubt, the services provided by the Trustee pursuant to the Trust
Deed are not treated as connected party transactions of Yuexiu REIT.

INTERESTS HELD BY THE MANAGER AND ITS DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER
The REIT Code requires that connected persons of Yuexiu REIT shall disclose their interests in Units. In addition, under the
provisions of Part XV of the SFO, the Trust Deed is also deemed to be applicable, among other things, to the Manager, the
Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of the Manager.

The interests and short positions held by the Directors and the Chief Executive Officer of the Manager in the Units required
to be recorded in the register kept by the Manager under Schedule 3 of the Trust Deed are set out below:

Interests and short positions in the Units:


                                                           As at 1 January 2026                            As at 30 June 2026

                                                                 Beneficial                   Beneficial
                                                  Nature of       interests   Approximate     interests      Approximate        % Change
Name of Directors                                  interest        in Units   % of interest     in Units     % of interest      of interest

Mr. Jiang Guoxiong                                Beneficial        31,488        0.000599       31,488          0.000590       (0.000009)
Mr. Lin Deliang                                           —             Nil              —           Nil                —               —
Ms. Ou Haijing                                    Beneficial        54,606        0.001038       54,606          0.001023       (0.000015)
Mr. Zeng Zhizhao                                          —             Nil              —           Nil                —               —
Mr. Chan Chi On, Derek                                    —             Nil              —           Nil                —               —
Mr. Chan Chi Fai, Brian                                   —             Nil              —           Nil                —               —
Mr. Cheung Yuk Tong                                       —             Nil              —           Nil                —               —
Mr. Chen Guanzhan (appointed on 15 April 2026)            —             Nil              —           Nil                —               —




52
                                                      CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)



INTERESTS HELD BY SUBSTANTIAL HOLDERS
The following persons have interests or short position in the Units required to be recorded in the register kept by the
Manager under Schedule 3 of the Trust Deed:

Long position in the Units:


                                                    As at 1 January 2026                       As at 30 June 2026

                                 Nature of          Interests       Approximate              Interests       Approximate        % Change
Name of Substantial Unitholder   Interest            in Units       % of interest             in Units        % of interest     of interest

GZYX(1)                          Deemed       2,881,318,627(4)             54.79(5)    2,961,157,605(3)             55.46(6)          0.67
                                 Total        2,881,318,627   (4)
                                                                           54.79 (5)
                                                                                       2,961,157,605   (3)
                                                                                                                    55.46 (6)
                                                                                                                                      0.67

Yue Xiu                          Beneficial          37,428(4)                   –             37,428                     –              –
                                 Deemed       2,881,281,199   (4)
                                                                           54.79 (5)
                                                                                       2,961,120,177   (3)
                                                                                                                    55.46 (6)
                                                                                                                                      0.67
                                 Total        2,881,318,627   (4)
                                                                           54.79 (5)
                                                                                       2,961,157,605   (3)
                                                                                                                    55.64 (6)
                                                                                                                                      0.67

YXP(2)                           Beneficial        2,425,640                 0.05           2,425,640               0.05%               —
                                 Deemed       2,396,693,347   (4)
                                                                           45.57 (5)
                                                                                       2,476,532,325   (3)
                                                                                                                    46.38 (6)
                                                                                                                                      0.81
                                 Total        2,881,318,627   (4)
                                                                           45.62 (5)
                                                                                       2,478,957,965   (3)
                                                                                                                    46.43 (6)
                                                                                                                                      0.81

Dragon Yield Holding Limited     Beneficial   1,762,700,787(4)             33.52(5)    1,762,700,787(3)             33.02(6)         (0.50)
  (“Dragon Yield”)               Deemed                    —                    —                   —                    —              —
                                 Total        1,762,700,787   (4)
                                                                           33.52 (5)
                                                                                       1,762,700,787   (3)
                                                                                                                    33.02 (6)
                                                                                                                                     (0.50)

Yuexiu International             Beneficial     633,992,560                 12.06        713,831,538                 13.37            1.31
  Investment Limited             Deemed                    —                    —                   —                    —              —
  (“YXII”)                       Total          633,992,560                 12.06        713,831,538                 13.37            1.31

Beyond Best Global               Beneficial     225,000,000                  4.28        225,000,000                  4.21           (0.07)
  Limited (“BBG”)                Deemed        2,656,318,627                50.51       2,736,157,605                51.25            0.74
                                 Total        2,881,318,627 (7)
                                                                            54.79      2,961,157,605 (7)
                                                                                                                     55.46            0.67

Radiant World                    Deemed        2,881,318,627                54.79       2,881,318,627                54.79              —
  Investment Limited             Total        2,881,318,627 (7)
                                                                            54.79      2,881,318,627 (7)
                                                                                                                     54.79              —

Sun Advance Limited (“SA”)       Deemed        2,881,318,627                54.79       2,961,157,605                55.46            0.67
                                 Total        2,881,318,627 (7)
                                                                            54.79      2,961,157,605 (7)
                                                                                                                     55.46            0.67

TONG WING CHI                    Deemed        2,881,318,627                54.79       2,881,318,627                54.79              —
                                 Total        2,881,318,627 (7)
                                                                            54.79      2,881,318,627 (7)
                                                                                                                     54.79              —

Victory Success                  Deemed        2,881,318,627                54.79       2,881,318,627                54.79              —
  Consulting Limited             Total        2,881,318,627 (7)
                                                                            54.79      2,881,318,627 (7)
                                                                                                                     54.79              —


                                                                                                                                          53
             Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust                           Interim Report 2026




CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)


(1)   Further information in relation to interests of corporations controlled by GZYX as at 30 June 2026:


                                                                                                                              Number of Shares

                                                                                                             Direct
                                                       Name of Controlling                                  Interest            Long             Short
      Name of Controlled Corporation                   Shareholder                     % Control               (Y/N)         Position         Position

      Yue Xiu                                          GZYX                               100.00                  Y           37,428                 —
      Yue Xiu                                          GZYX                               100.00                  N    2,961,120,177                 —
      Bosworth International Limited                   Yue Xiu                            100.00                  Y       84,564,548                 —
      YXP                                              Yue Xiu                               43.39                N    2, 476,532,325                —
      YXP                                              Yue Xiu                               43.39                Y        2,425,640                 —
      Dragon Yield                                     YXP                                100.00                  Y    1,762,700,787                 —
      YXII                                             YXP                                100.00                  Y      713,831,538                 —
      Novena Pacific Limited                           Yue Xiu                            100.00                  Y       17,703,885                 —
      Morrison Pacific Limited                         Yue Xiu                            100.00                  Y        4,946,376                 —
      Greenwood Pacific Limited                        Yue Xiu                            100.00                  Y        4,248,089                 —
      Goldstock International Limited                  Yue Xiu                            100.00                  Y        1,102,672                 —
      Yuexiu Capital Holdings Limited (“YXCH”)         Yue Xiu                            100.00                  Y       84,940,000                 —
      YXCH                                             Yue Xiu                            100.00                  N       51,274,376                 —
      Yue Xiu Finance Company Limited                  Yue Xiu                            100.00                  Y        1,902,194                 —
      Golden Harbor Limited (“GH”)                     YXCH                               100.00                  N       51,274,376                 —
      Star Grid Limited                                Yue Xiu                            100.00                  N      276,274,376                 —
      SA                                               Star Grid Limited                  100.00                  N      276,274,376                 —
      Golden Harbor Limited                            GH as general partner                  0.00                Y       51,274,376                 —
       Partnership (“GHLP”)
      GHLP                                             SA as limited partner              100.00                  Y       51,274,376                 —
      BBG                                              SA                                    50.00                Y      225,000,000                 —
      Superb Master Ltd.                               Yue Xiu                            100.00                  Y        6,480,072                 —


(2)   The deemed interest as at 30 June 2026 in 2,476,532,325 Units were held through Dragon Yield and YXII, both are wholly-owned subsidiaries of YXP.


(3)   The number of units includes 167,808,584 deferred units. Yuexiu REIT will, on 31 December of each year, issue a number of deferred units to YXP (or
      YXP’s nominee). Further details are included in the circular dated 17 December 2021 of Yuexiu REIT.


(4)   Details are included in the offering circular dated 17 December 2021 of Yuexiu REIT.


(5)   After deducting the unissued deferred units, the approximate interest held by GZYX and Yue Xiu will be approximately 46.83%, while the approximate
      interest in Yuexiu REIT held by YXP and Dragon Yield will be approximately 41.943% and 30.327% respectively.


(6)   After deducting the unissued deferred units, the approximate interest held by GZYX and Yue Xiu will be approximately 47.63%, while the approximate
      interest in Yuexiu REIT held by YXP and Dragon Yield will be approximately 42.811% and 29.874% respectively.


(7)   On 16 June 2022, BBG, owned 50% by Radiant World Investment Limited, entered into a loan agreement with Yue Xiu which agreed to provide a loan
      of HK$712,000,000 to BBG to acquire 225,000,000 Units. Such loan agreement falls under section 317(1)(b) of the SFO; BBG is deemed to be interested
      in Yue Xiu’s interest of 55.05% in Units under section 318 of the SFO. On 20 June 2022, BBG entered into an agreement to purchase 225 million Units
      for HK$3.20 per Unit from GHLP which was completed on 21 June 2022. Further details are included in the announcement dated 20 June 2022.




54
                                                                  CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)



INTERESTS HELD BY SENIOR EXECUTIVES OF THE MANAGER
Interests in the Units held by senior executives of the Manager, being connected persons of Yuexiu REIT, are set out below:


                                                                 As at 1 January 2026                        As at 30 June 2026

                                     Nature of                   Interests       Approximate     Interests       Approximate       % Change
 Name of Senior Executive            interest                     in Units       % of interest    in Units       % of interest    of interest

 Mr. Liu Bihong                      Beneficial                       225         0.0000043%          225         0.0000042%      (0.0000001)


INTERESTS HELD BY OTHER CONNECTED PERSON

                                                                 As at 1 January 2026                        As at 30 June 2026

                                     Nature of                   Interests       Approximate     Interests       Approximate       % Change
 Name of Senior Executive            interest                     in Units       % of interest    in Units       % of interest    of interest

 Trustee                             Deemed(1)                    747,937               0.014%    498,931              0.009%         (0.005)

(1)     Associate of the Trustee (as defined in the REIT Code)


Save as disclosed above, the Manager is not aware of any connected persons of Yuexiu REIT, including Savills Valuation
and Professional Services Limited, holding any Units as at 30 June 2026.




                                                                                                                                            55
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust               Interim Report 2026




INDEPENDENT REVIEW REPORT


                          Ernst & Young
                          27/F, One Taikoo Place               安永會計師事務所                       Tel 電話: +852 2846 9888
                          979 King’s Road                      香港鰂魚涌英皇道 979 號                 Fax 傳真: +852 2868 4432
                          Quarry Bay, Hong Kong                太古坊一座27樓                       ey.com




To the Board of Directors of Yuexiu REIT Asset Management Limited
(as the “Manager” of Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust)


INTRODUCTION
We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 57 to 102, which comprises the condensed
consolidated statement of financial position of Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust (“Yuexiu REIT”) and its subsidiaries (the
“Group”) as at 30 June 2026 and the related condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, distribution
statement, statements of net assets attributable to unitholders and changes in equity and cash flows for the six-month
period then ended, and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant
provisions thereof and Hong Kong Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“HKAS 34”) as issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). The directors of the Manager are responsible for the preparation
and presentation of this interim financial information in accordance with HKAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a
conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in
accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or
accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


SCOPE OF REVIEW
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity as issued by the HKICPA. A review of interim
financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters,
and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in
accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we
would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit
opinion.


CONCLUSION
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information is
not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with HKAS 34.


Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong
12 August 2026


56
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
                      OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                     For the six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                                        Six months ended 30 June

                                                             Notes             2026                2025
                                                                         (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)
                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000

Revenue                                                       6             766,531             966,148
Operating expenses, net                                       7            (410,111)           (432,141)
Fair value losses on investment properties                    14            (96,101)           (425,546)
Finance income                                                9              37,252              10,568
Finance expenses                                              10           (403,886)           (461,299)
Share of profits of associates                                17             22,016                   —

Loss before income tax and transactions with unitholders                    (84,299)           (342,270)
Income tax (expense)/credit                                   11            (72,276)              4,851

Loss after income tax before transactions with unitholders                 (156,575)           (337,419)
Transactions with unitholders                                 24             33,150             232,480

Loss after income tax and transactions with unitholders                    (123,425)           (104,939)

Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period
Items that will not be classified to profit or loss:
Change in fair value of property, plant and equipment
  – Gross                                                                   (26,083)            (26,953)
  – Tax                                                                       8,090               7,549

                                                                            (17,993)            (19,404)
Items that may be classified to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                   124,693             109,095

Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                       106,700              89,691

Total comprehensive loss for the period                                     (16,725)            (15,248)




                                                                                                       57
                 Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust                           Interim Report 2026




INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (CONTINUED)
For the six months ended 30 June 2026


                                                                                                       Attributable to

                                                               Unitholders                                Unitholders
                                                                     before         Transactions                  after
                                                               transactions                  with         transactions                Non -
                                                                       with          unitholders                  with           controlling
                                                                unitholders             (Note 24)          unitholders             interests                Total
                                                                (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)
                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000

 Loss for the period ended 30 June 2025                            (322,373)             232,480               (89,893)              (15,046)            (104,939)
 Other comprehensive income:
 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
 Change in fair value of property,
       plant and equipment, net of tax                              (19,202)                   —               (19,202)                 (202)             (19,404)
 Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
 Exchange differences on translation
       of foreign operations                                        109,095                    —              109,095                     —              109,095

 Total comprehensive (loss)/income
       for the period ended 30 June 2025                           (232,480)             232,480                     —               (15,248)             (15,248)

 Loss for the period ended 30 June 2026                            (140,045)              33,150             (106,895)              (16,530)            (123,425)
 Other comprehensive income:
 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
 Change in fair value of property,
       plant and equipment, net of tax                              (17,798)                   —               (17,798)                (195)              (17,993)
 Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
 Exchange differences on translation
       of foreign operations                                       124,693                     —              124,693                     —              124,693

 Total comprehensive (loss)/income
       for the period ended 30 June 2026                            (33,150)              33,150                     —              (16,725)              (16,725)



Notes:


(i)        In accordance with the Trust Deed dated 7 December 2005, as amended by first supplemental deed on 25 March 2008, second supplemental deed
           on 23 July 2010, third supplemental deed on 25 July 2012, fourth supplemental deed dated 3 April 2020 and fifth supplemental deed dated 28 May
           2021 (the “Trust Deed”), Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust (“Yuexiu REIT”) is required to distribute to the unitholders not less than 90% of its
           total distributable income for each financial period. Yuexiu REIT has a limited life of 80 years from the date of establishment. Accordingly, the units
           contain contractual obligations to pay cash distributions and also upon termination of the trust, a share of all net cash proceeds derived from the
           sale or realisation of the assets of Yuexiu REIT less any liabilities, in accordance with unitholders’ proportionate interests in Yuexiu REIT at the date
           of the termination of Yuexiu REIT. The unitholders’ funds are therefore classified as a financial liability rather than equity in accordance with HKAS
           32 Financial Instruments: Disclosure and Presentation . Consistent with unitholders’ funds being classified as a financial liability, the distributions
           to unitholders are part of finance costs which are recognised in the interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income. The
           classification does not have an impact on the net assets attributable to the unitholders. It only affects how unitholders’ funds are disclosed in the
           interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position and how distributions are disclosed in the interim condensed consolidated statement
           of comprehensive income. Total distributable income is determined in the interim condensed consolidated distribution statement.


(ii)       Loss per unit, based upon loss after income tax before transactions with unitholders attributable to unitholders and the weighted average number of
           units in issue, are presented in Note 25.




58
    INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
                         OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                         30 June 2026

                                                                            30 June    31 December
                                                                 Notes         2026           2025
                                                                         (Unaudited)      (Audited)
                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000

Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                                   12      1,864,324      1,890,347
  Right-of-use assets                                             13      1,033,834      1,063,338
  Investment properties                                           14     28,748,721     28,830,883
  Deferred assets, prepayments, deposits and other receivables    15        125,372        108,643
  Goodwill                                                        16        839,001        839,001
  Amounts due from related parties                               26(b)      650,000        650,000
  Interests in associates                                         17      1,837,393      1,815,377

Total non-current assets                                                 35,098,645     35,197,589

Current assets
  Inventories                                                                 2,276           2,858
  Trade and lease receivables                                     18         23,280         18,133
  Amounts due from related parties                               26(b)      133,907        125,220
  Deferred assets, prepayments, deposits and other receivables    15         45,124         51,775
  Tax recoverable                                                            11,802         11,501
  Bank deposits                                                   19         68,000         60,000
  Cash and cash equivalents                                       19      1,618,578      6,580,233

  Total current assets                                                    1,902,967      6,849,720

Total assets                                                             37,001,612     42,047,309

Equity
  Reserves                                                                 (387,367)      (494,262)
  Retained earnings                                                         387,367        494,262

Non-controlling interests                                                 1,134,843      1,151,568

Total equity                                                              1,134,843      1,151,568




                                                                                                   59
             Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust           Interim Report 2026




INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION (CONTINUED)
30 June 2026


                                                                                               30 June      31 December
                                                                                 Notes              2026           2025
                                                                                           (Unaudited)         (Audited)
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000

Current liabilities
     Trade payables                                                               21            13,284           17,476
     Rental deposits, current portion                                             22           142,092          166,066
     Receipts in advance                                                          22            67,743           77,232
     Accruals and other payables                                                  22           387,369          401,943
     Amounts due to related parties                                              26(b)         116,515          119,146
     Borrowings                                                                   23         3,231,200        13,078,028
     Lease liabilities                                                            13                9,429         9,641
     Tax payables                                                                               24,339           56,601

Total current liabilities                                                                    3,991,971        13,926,133

Non-current liabilities, other than net assets attributable to unitholders
     Rental deposits, non-current portion                                         22           126,525          117,316
     Borrowings                                                                   23        12,259,933         7,307,911
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                     20         5,450,613         5,428,918
     Lease liabilities                                                            13            14,501           18,786

Total non-current liabilities                                                               17,851,572        12,872,931

Total liabilities, other than net assets attributable to unitholders                        21,843,543        26,799,064

Net assets attributable to unitholders                                            24        14,023,226        14,096,677

Total equity and liabilities                                                                37,001,612        42,047,309

Net current liabilities                                                                     (2,089,004)       (7,076,413)

Units in issue (’000)                                                             24         5,338,808         5,258,969

Net assets attributable to unitholders per unit (RMB)                                                2.63           2.68



On behalf of the Board of Directors of Yuexiu REIT Asset Management Limited, as the manager of Yuexiu REIT.




                                Director                                                 Director




60
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED DISTRIBUTION
                                 STATEMENT
                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                             Six months ended 30 June

                                                   Note             2026                2025
                                                             (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)
                                                                RMB’000             RMB’000

Loss after income tax before
  transactions with unitholders attributable
  to unitholders                                                (140,045)           (322,373)

Adjustments for the total distributable
      income (i)
  – Fair value losses on investment properties                    78,213             406,818
  – Deferred taxation in respect of fair value
      changes on investment properties
      credited to profit or loss                                 (24,011)           (109,542)
  – Different depreciation and amortisation
      charge on investment properties, property,
      plant and equipment and land use rights
      under China Accounting Standards
      (“CAS”)                                                   (201,066)           (202,170)
  – Manager’s fee adjustment                                       (3,803)           (43,293)

                                                                (290,712)           (270,560)
Additional items (ii)
  – Different depreciation and amortisation
      charge on investment properties,
      property, plant and equipment and
      land use rights under CAS                                  201,066             202,170
  – Depreciation and amortisation of property,
      plant and equipment and land use
      rights under Hong Kong Financial
      Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”)                              67,150              66,908
  – Deferred taxation in respect of
      the depreciation and amortisation
      of investment properties, property,
      plant and equipment and land use rights                     55,079              51,672
  – Manager’s fee paid and payable in units in
      lieu of cash                                                60,878              62,755
  – Foreign exchange losses on financing
      activities                                                  58,355              58,231




                                                                                            61
               Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust                          Interim Report 2026




INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED DISTRIBUTION STATEMENT (CONTINUED)
For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                     Note                     2026                    2025
                                                                                                                       (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000

 Distributable income after additional items                                                                              151,816                 171,176
 Distributable amount at 1 January                                                                                          99,545                129,520
 Distribution paid during the period (iii)                                                            24                   (99,302)              (129,555)
 Distributable amount at 30 June (iv)                                                                                     152,059                 171,141

 Interim distribution declared                                                                                            144,456                 171,141

 Payout ratio (v)                                                                                                              95%                   100%
 Distribution per unit, declared (vi)                                                                                  RMB0.0271              RMB0.0333


Notes:


(i)      Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the total distributable income is the consolidated profit after income tax before transactions with unitholders
         attributable to unitholders adjusted to eliminate the effects of certain non-cash adjustments which have been recorded in the interim condensed
         consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the relevant period.


(ii)     Pursuant to the circular dated 30 June 2012, the Manager intends to distribute certain additional items on top of the total distributable income under
         the Trust Deed.


(iii)    A distribution of RMB0.0186 per unit, totalling RMB99,302,000 (equivalent to HK$112,649,000), was paid to unitholders on 22 May 2026.


(iv)     Pursuant to the Trust Deed, Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust (“Yuexiu REIT”) is required to distribute to Unitholders no less than 90% of its
         distributable income for each financial year.


(v)      The Manager has decided to distribute 95% (2025: 100%) of its distributable income as interim distribution.


(vi)     Interim distribution in respect of the six months ended 30 June 2026 of RMB0.0271 (equivalent to HK0.0313) per unit, totalling RMB144,456,000
         (equivalent to HK$166,899,000) was declared by the Board of the Manager on 12 August 2026.


The Manager calculated the above per unit figures based on the units in issue as at 30 June 2026 as disclosed in Note 24.




62
       INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF NET ASSETS
             ATTRIBUTABLE TO UNITHOLDERS AND CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                                     Equity

                                          Net assets
                                       attributable to   Retained                  Non-controlling
                                         unitholders     earnings      Reserve           interests         Total
                                            RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000

At 1 January 2025                         14,829,378     618,381       (618,381)        1,188,933     16,018,311

Issuance of units (Note 24)                    39,499          —              —                 —         39,499
Loss for the period attributable to:
  – Unitholders                              (232,480)         —              —                 —       (232,480)
  – Equity holders                                 —      (89,893)            —            (15,046)     (104,939)
Distributions paid to
  – Unitholders                              (129,555)         —              —                 —       (129,555)
  – Equity holders                                 —           —              —             (1,326)       (1,326)
Change in fair value of property,
  plant and equipment, net of tax                  —           —        (19,202)             (202)       (19,404)
Exchange differences on translation
  of foreign operations                            —           —       109,095                  —        109,095

At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)               14,506,842     528,488       (528,488)        1,172,359     15,679,201

At 1 January 2026                         14,096,677     494,262      (494,262)         1,151,568     15,248,245

Issuance of units (Note 24)                   59,001           —              —                 —        59,001
Loss for the period attributable to:
  – Unitholders                               (33,150)         —              —                 —        (33,150)
  – Equity holders                                 —     (106,895)            —           (16,530)      (123,425)
Distributions paid to
  – Unitholders                               (99,302)         —              —                 —        (99,302)
  – Equity holders                                 —           —              —                 —             —
Change in fair value of property,
  plant and equipment, net of tax                  —           —       (17,798)              (195)       (17,993)
Exchange differences on translation
  of foreign operations                            —           —       124,693                  —       124,693

At 30 June 2026 (unaudited)               14,023,226     387,367      (387,367)         1,134,843     15,158,069




                                                                                                               63
            Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust           Interim Report 2026




INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS
For the six months ended 30 June 2026

                                                                                Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                      2026            2025
                                                                                (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)
                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000

Cash flows from operating activities
     Cash generated from operations                                                567,596         769,146
     Interest paid                                                                (344,610)        (423,267)
     Interest element on lease liabilities                                             (398)           (182)
     Income tax paid                                                                (94,049)        (97,867)

Net cash from operating activities                                                 128,539         247,830

Cash flows from investing activities
     Additions of investment properties                                             (18,018)        (20,773)
     Additions of property, plant and equipment                                     (43,194)        (12,901)
     Disposal of property, plant and equipment                                          20                 —
     Interest received                                                              22,464          10,598
     Increase in bank deposits                                                      (68,000)        (60,000)
     Redemption on maturity of bank deposits                                        60,000          50,000

     Net cash used in investing activities                                          (46,728)        (33,076)

Cash flows from financing activities
     Distribution paid                                                              (99,302)       (130,881)
     Proceeds from borrowings, net of transaction costs                          7,850,696        2,654,840
     Repayment of borrowings                                                    (12,744,720)     (2,628,508)
     Principal elements of lease payments                                            (4,497)         (6,398)

Net cash used in financing activities                                            (4,997,823)       (110,947)

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                             (4,916,012)       103,807
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period                             6,580,233        1,396,154
Effects of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                       (45,643)         (5,573)

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period                                   1,618,578        1,494,388




64
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION
1   GENERAL INFORMATION
    Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust (“Yuexiu REIT”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) are mainly engaged
    in the leasing of commercial properties in Chinese mainland.

    Yuexiu REIT is a Hong Kong collective investment scheme constituted as a unit trust by the Trust Deed entered
    into between the Manager and HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited, as the Trustee of Yuexiu REIT
    (the “Trustee”) on 7 December 2005 (as amended by First Supplemental Deed dated 25 March 2008, Second
    Supplemental Deed dated 23 July 2010, Third Supplemental Deed dated 25 July 2012, Fourth Supplemental
    Deed dated 3 April 2020 and Fifth Supplemental Deed dated 28 May 2021) and authorised under section 104 of
    the Securities and Futures Ordinance subject to the applicable conditions imposed by Securities and Futures
    Commission from time to time. The address of its registered office is 17B, Yue Xiu Building, 160-174 Lockhart Road,
    Wanchai, Hong Kong.

    Yuexiu REIT was listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 21 December 2005.

    This interim condensed consolidated financial information is presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise
    stated. This interim condensed consolidated financial information was approved for issue by the Board of Directors
    of the Manager on 12 August 2026.

    This interim condensed consolidated financial information has not been audited.


2   BASIS OF PREPARATION
    The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2026 has been prepared
    in accordance with HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The interim condensed consolidated financial information
    does not include all the information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read
    in conjunction with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.

    As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s current liabilities exceeded its current assets by RMB2,089 million (31 December
    2025: RMB7,076 million) due to the borrowings of RMB3,231 million fall due within twelve months from the balance
    sheet date (31 December 2025: borrowings of RMB13,078 million fall due within twelve months from the balance
    sheet date). The Manager is in the process of arranging various sources of funding, which include discussing with
    the Group’s existing principal bankers for refinancing, to meet with the settlement of the bank borrowings fall due
    within twelve months from the balance sheet date. Taking into account the financial resources available, including
    further limit available under the Guaranteed Medium Term Note Programme of Yuexiu REIT MTN Company Limited
    (“MTN Programme”), as well as the abovementioned refinancing plan, the Manager considers the Group has
    adequate resources to meet its liabilities as and when they fall due as well as its working capital and operating
    requirements for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, the directors consider it is appropriate the going concern basis
    has been adopted in preparing this interim condensed consolidated financial information.




                                                                                                                        65
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust              Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

3    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information are
     consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year
     ended 31 December 2025, except for the adoption of the following amended HKFRS Accounting Standards for the
     first time for the current period’s financial information.

     Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                      Amendments to the Classification and
                                                                  Measurement of Financial Instruments
     Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                      Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
     Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting                Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and
       Standards – Volume 11                                      HKAS 7

     The amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.


4    SIGNIFICANT JUDGEMENTS AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
     The preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information requires management to make
     judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts
     of assets and liabilities, income and expense. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     In preparing this interim condensed consolidated financial information, the significant judgements made by
     management in applying the Group’s accounting policies and the key sources of estimation uncertainty were the
     same as those that applied to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.


5    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
     5.1    FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS

            The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk),
            credit risk and liquidity risk.

            The interim condensed consolidated financial information does not include all financial risk management
            information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements and should be read in conjunction
            with the Group’s annual financial statements as at 31 December 2025.

            There have been no significant changes in the risk management policies since the last year end.




66
                                       NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

6   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
    The chief operating decision-maker has been identified as the executive directors of the Manager. Management
    determines the operating segments based on the Group’s internal reports, which are then submitted to the executive
    directors for performance assessment and resources allocation.

    The executive directors consider the business by nature of business activities and assess the performance of hotel
    and serviced apartments, office rental and wholesale and shopping mall.

    The executive directors assess the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of segment results.
    This measurement basis excludes the effects of non-recurring expenditure from the operating segments and
    other unallocated operating costs. Other information provided, except as noted below, to the executive directors is
    measured in a manner consistent with that in the interim condensed consolidated financial information.

    Total assets excluded corporate assets which are not directly attributable to segments.

    The revenue from external parties reported to the executive directors is measured in a manner consistent with that
    in the interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

    The Group’s revenue from external customers is derived from its operations in Chinese mainland and Hong Kong.
    The Group’s non-current assets are located in Chinese mainland and Hong Kong.




                                                                                                                     67
        Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust       Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

6    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

                                               Hotel and                           Wholesale
                                                serviced                Office   and shopping
                                              apartments                rental           mall          Total
                                              (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                                RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000

     Period ended 30 June 2026
     Revenue from external customers             261,480            328,629          176,422        766,531

     Segment results                              21,842            169,569          152,647        344,058

     Depreciation                                 72,697                    —              —         72,697

     Fair value (losses)/gains
       on investment properties                        —           (101,563)           5,462        (96,101)

     Period ended 30 June 2025
     Revenue from external customers             250,428            531,562           184,158       966,148

     Segment results                              16,592                17,073        152,418       186,083

     Depreciation                                 73,541                    —              —         73,541

     Fair value losses
       on investment properties                        —           (423,687)           (1,859)     (425,546)

     As at 30 June 2026
     Total reportable segments’ assets         3,164,141         23,455,527         9,265,768    35,885,436

     As at 31 December 2025
     Total reportable segments’ assets         3,307,925         24,964,208         9,252,316    37,524,449




68
                                               NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                               FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

6   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
    A reconciliation of total segment results to total loss before income tax and transactions with unitholders is provided
    as follows:


                                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                                2026                  2025
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)
                                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

    Segment results                                                                                         344,058               186,083
    Unallocated operating costs (Note)                                                                       (83,739)              (77,622)
    Operating profit                                                                                        260,319               108,461

    Share of profits of associates                                                                            22,016                     —
    Finance income                                                                                            37,252                10,568
    Finance expenses                                                                                       (403,886)              (461,299)

    Loss before income tax and transactions with unitholders                                                 (84,299)             (342,270)


    Note:   Unallocated operating costs include mainly manager’s fee, legal and professional expenses and other operating expenses incurred at
            corporate level.


    A reconciliation of reportable segments’ assets to total assets is provided as follows:


                                                                                                            30 June         31 December
                                                                                                                2026                  2025
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)              (Audited)
                                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000

    Total reportable segments’ assets                                                                   35,885,436             37,524,449
    Corporate assets                                                                                      1,116,176             4,522,860

    Total assets                                                                                        37,001,612             42,047,309




                                                                                                                                           69
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust             Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

6    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     The Group’s revenue by nature is as follows:


                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                 2026               2025
                                                                                          (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000

     Hotel and serviced apartments operations
        Room rentals                                                                          177,150            168,892
        Food and beverages                                                                     71,099             68,205
        Others                                                                                 13,231             13,331
     Property rentals                                                                         505,051            715,720

     Total                                                                                    766,531            966,148



     The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue by timing of satisfaction of performance obligations:


                                                                                           Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                 2026               2025
                                                                                          (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000

     Revenue recognised at a point in time                                                     84,114             81,193
     Revenue recognised over time                                                             177,150            168,892
     Other sources                                                                            505,267            716,063

     Total                                                                                    766,531            966,148




70
                                                 NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                 FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

7   EXPENSES BY NATURE

                                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                                      2026                   2025
                                                                                                              (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000

     Property management fee (i)                                                                                    15,215                 21,990
     Employee benefit expense                                                                                       68,476                 65,943
     Real estate tax                                                                                                75,232                 98,186
     Flood prevention fee, urban construction and maintenance tax,
           education surcharge and local education surcharge                                                          2,945                  4,870
     Withholding tax (ii)                                                                                           18,789                 20,257
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 12)                                                        43,193                 42,948
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 13)                                                                  29,504                 30,593
     Cost of inventories sold or consumed in operation                                                              43,735                 42,116
     Other direct expenses on hotel and serviced apartments                                                         44,787                 42,233
     Manager’s fee (Note 8)                                                                                         76,524                 83,964
     Manager’s fee adjustment                                                                                        (3,803)              (43,293)
     Trustee’s fee (Note 26(a))                                                                                       6,088                  6,275
     Valuation fee                                                                                                      434                    488
     Legal and professional fee                                                                                       1,800                  6,608
     Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                           1,225                  1,200
     Bank charges                                                                                                       422                    334
     Foreign exchange losses                                                                                          4,608                  4,338
     Write back of construction payable                                                                                   —                 (6,270)
     Compensation for acquisition                                                                                  (18,932)                      —
     Others                                                                                                            (131)                 9,361

     Total operating expenses, net                                                                                410,111                 432,141


    Notes:


    (i)      The Group received leasing, marketing and tenancy management services from three leasing agents, namely, Guangzhou Yuexiu Yicheng
             Business Operation Management Co., Ltd. (“Yicheng BM”), Guangzhou Baima Business Operation Management Co., Ltd. (“Baima BM”) and
             Guangzhou IFC Business Management Co., Ltd. (“GZ IFC Management”) (Note 26).


    (ii)     Withholding tax on the rental income and interest income derived from properties located in Chinese mainland and held by BVI companies is
             calculated at a rate of 10%.




                                                                                                                                                   71
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust                Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

8    MANAGER’S FEE
     Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Manager is entitled to receive remuneration for its services as manager of Yuexiu
     REIT, which is the aggregate of a base fee of 0.3% per annum of the carrying value of the deposited property as
     defined in the Trust Deed; a service fee of 3% per annum of net property income; a transaction fee of 1% of the
     consideration for the acquisition of any real estate from external party and a transaction fee of 0.5% of the gross
     sale price of the disposal of any part of deposited property comprising of Real Estate, as defined in the Trust Deed.


                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                      2026                2025
                                                                                               (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000

     Manager’s fee:
     In the form of units                                                                           60,878              62,755
     In the form of cash                                                                            15,646              21,209

     Total                                                                                          76,524              83,964



     Pursuant to the circular of Yuexiu REIT dated 13 November 2021 (“2021 Circular”) and subsequent announcement
     dated 14 January 2026, the Manager’s Fee for the year ending 31 December 2026 will be paid as follows: (a) in
     respect of the base fee, entirely in the form of units; and (b) in respect of the service fee, entirely in the form of cash,
     provided that in the case of the base fee, if (i) the relevant threshold for the issuance of units without unitholders’
     approval (including the threshold of 20% (or such other percentage as permitted by the REIT Code) of outstanding
     units that the manager may issue in each financial year without unitholders’ approval pursuant to the REIT Code,
     and any other limit or threshold specified in any waiver from strict compliance with the REIT Code granted by the
     SFC) are exceeded and unitholders’ approval is not obtained, or (ii) any threshold for triggering a mandatory offer
     under the Code on Takeovers and Mergers issued by the SFC will be reached as a result, then payment of that
     excess part of the base fee will be made in the form of cash. Specifically, all cash payments of the Manager’s Fees
     for the current year made pursuant to the above terms shall be paid directly by the subject property companies
     to the Onshore Manager. In accordance with the Trust Deed, the Manager Fee Units for the period ended 30 June
     2026 are expected to be issued on 2 September 2026. Also in accordance with the Trust Deed, the issue price of the
     units (and consequentially the number of units to be issued to the Manager) will be calculated based on the higher
     of (i) the closing price of the units on the trading day immediately preceding 2 September 2026 and (ii) the average
     closing price of the units in the 10 trading days immediately preceding 2 September 2026.




72
                                        NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                        FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

9   FINANCE INCOME

                                                                                Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                      2026            2025
                                                                                (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)
                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000

    Interest income from bank deposits                                              22,464            8,856
    Interest income from a related parties (Note 26(a))                             14,788            1,712

    Total                                                                           37,252          10,568



10 FINANCE EXPENSES

                                                                                Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                      2026            2025
                                                                                (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)
                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000

    Interest expense for bank borrowings                                           220,589         311,274
    Interest expense for other borrowings                                          113,425          79,202
    Interest and finance charges paid/payable for lease liabilities (Note 13)          398             182
    Amortisation of transaction costs for borrowings                                11,119          12,410
    Foreign exchange losses on financing activities                                 58,355          58,231

    Total                                                                          403,886         461,299




                                                                                                           73
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust            Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

11 INCOME TAX EXPENSE/(CREDIT)
     For the subsidiaries incorporated and operating in Chinese mainland, they are subject to China corporate income tax
     at a rate of 25% under Corporate Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China.

     For other subsidiaries with operations in Chinese mainland, the corporate income tax was paid by way of
     withholding tax as disclosed in Note 7(ii).

     No Hong Kong profits tax has been provided as the Group has no assessable profit in Hong Kong.


                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2026             2025
                                                                                          (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000

     Current income tax
        – China corporate income tax                                                          32,251           44,047
        – PRC withholding tax                                                                 10,240             5,973
     Deferred income tax (Note 20)                                                            29,785           (54,871)

     Total                                                                                    72,276            (4,851)




74
                                      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

12 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                Hotel and
                                                 serviced            Office           Motor
                                              apartments           supplies         vehicles            Total
                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

   Six months ended 30 June 2025
   Opening net book amount as
     at 1 January 2025                          1,974,000              244              116         1,974,360
   Additions                                       12,901                —                —            12,901
   Depreciation                                    (42,948)              —                —           (42,948)
   Fair value losses on revaluation                (26,953)              —                —           (26,953)

   Closing net book amount as
     at 30 June 2025                            1,917,000              244              116         1,917,360

   At 30 June 2025
   At fair value                                1,917,000                —                —         1,917,000
   At cost                                              —              244              116               360

   Total                                        1,917,000              244              116         1,917,360

   Six months ended 30 June 2026
   Opening net book amount as
     at 1 January 2026                          1,890,000              244              103         1,890,347
   Additions                                       43,276                —                —            43,276
   Disposal                                             —                —               (23)             (23)
   Depreciation                                   (43,193)               —                —           (43,193)
   Fair value losses on revaluation               (26,083)               —                —           (26,083)

   Closing net book amount as
     at 30 June 2026                            1,864,000              244                80        1,864,324

   At 30 June 2026
   At fair value                                1,864,000                —                —         1,864,000
   At cost                                              —              244                80              324

   Total                                        1,864,000              244                80        1,864,324



   If hotel and serviced apartments had not been revalued, it would have been included in the interim condensed
   consolidated financial information at historical cost less accumulated depreciation of RMB1,021,385,000 (31
   December 2025: RMB1,086,844,000).




                                                                                                             75
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust                Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

12 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
     As at 30 June 2026, property, plant and equipment with an aggregate carrying amount of approximately RMB1,659
     million (31 December 2025: RMB1,683 million) were pledged as collateral for the Group’s bank borrowings (Note 23).

     Valuation processes of the Group

     The Group measures the building portion of hotel and serviced apartments at fair value. Hotel and serviced
     apartments were revalued by Savills Valuation and Professional Services Limited (“Savills”), being independent
     qualified valuer not related to the Group as at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025.

     The Group’s finance department includes a team that reviews the valuations performed by the independent valuer
     for financial reporting purposes. This team reports directly to the senior management. Discussions of valuation
     processes and results are held between the management and the valuer at least once every six months, in line with
     the Group’s interim and annual reporting dates.

     At each financial period end, the finance department:

     •     Verifies all major inputs to the independent valuation report

     •     Assesses property valuations movements when compared to the prior year valuation report

     •     Holds discussions with the independent valuer

     Valuation techniques

     Fair value of the building portion of hotel and serviced apartments of Guangzhou International Financial Centre
     (“Guangzhou IFC”) is derived using depreciated replacement cost method.

     The depreciated replacement cost method involves estimation of the market redevelopment costs of the building
     portion of hotel and serviced apartments of Guangzhou IFC which includes building costs, finance costs and
     professional fee. Depreciation is also considered to reflect the physical deterioration, functional and economic
     obsolescence to derive the fair value.

     The overall fair value (including land and building portions) of hotel and serviced apartments in Chinese mainland
     is generally derived using the discounted cash flow analysis. Due to lack of land transaction in market, fair value
     of land, for disclosure purpose only as set out in Note 13, is therefore calculated as the difference between the fair
     value under discounted cash flow analysis and the fair value under depreciated replacement cost method.

     The building portion of hotel and serviced apartments in property, plant and equipment are included in Level 3 (31
     December 2025: Level 3) of the fair value hierarchy.




76
                                      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

13 LEASE

                                                               Land use rights      Staff quarter              Total
                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000

   Right-of-use assets
   At 1 January 2025                                                 1,084,262             10,912          1,095,174
   Depreciation                                                         (24,642)           (5,951)           (30,593)

   At 30 June 2025                                                   1,059,620              4,961          1,064,581

   At 1 January 2026                                                 1,034,977            28,361           1,063,338
   Depreciation                                                         (24,642)           (4,862)           (29,504)

   At 30 June 2026                                                   1,010,335            23,499           1,033,834



   LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                         30 June         31 December
                                                                                            2026               2025
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)           (Audited)

   Current portion                                                                          9,429              9,641
   Non-current portion                                                                    14,501              18,786

   Total                                                                                  23,930              28,427



   As at 30 June 2026, the fair value of land use rights is approximately RMB2,950 million (31 December 2025:
   RMB2,924 million). The change in fair value was not reflected in the interim condensed consolidated financial
   information.

   As at 30 June 2026, right-of-use assets were pledged with an aggregate net book amount of approximately RMB933
   million (31 December 2025: RMB956 million) as collateral for the Group’s bank borrowings (Note 23).




                                                                                                                    77
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust              Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

13 LEASE (CONTINUED)
     LEASE LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

     The interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income shows the following amount relating to
     leases:

     Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets


                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                             2026                2025
                                                                                      (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000

     Land use rights                                                                       24,642              24,642
     Staff quarter                                                                          4,862                5,951

     Total                                                                                 29,504              30,593

     Interest expense (included in finance expenses) (Note 10)                                398                 182



14 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                             2026                2025
                                                                                      (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000

     Beginning of the period                                                           28,830,883        37,494,008
     Exchange differences                                                                   (2,966)             (1,391)
     Capitalised expenditure                                                               16,905                8,176
     Fair value losses during the period, included in profit
        or loss under “Fair value losses on investment properties”                        (96,101)            (425,546)

     End of the period                                                                 28,748,721        37,075,247



     In the interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, direct operating expenses include
     RMB15,109,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB18,570,000) relating to investment properties that were
     vacant.

     As at 30 June 2026, investment properties with an aggregate carrying value of approximately RMB3,711 million (31
     December 2025: RMB3,710 million) were pledged as collateral for the Group’s bank borrowings (Note 23).




78
                                       NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                       FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

14 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
   Valuation processes of the Group

   The Group measures its investment properties at fair value. The investment properties were revalued by Savills
   being independent qualified valuer not related to the Group as at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025.

   The Group’s finance department includes a team that reviews the valuations performed by the independent valuer
   for financial reporting purposes. This team reports directly to the senior management. Discussions of valuation
   processes and results are held between the management and the valuer at least once every six months, in line with
   the Group’s interim and annual reporting dates.

   At each financial period end, the finance department:

   •     Verifies all major inputs to the independent valuation report

   •     Assesses property valuations movements when compared to the prior year valuation report

   •     Holds discussions with the independent valuer

   Valuation techniques

   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs

   (a)   Investment properties in Chinese mainland

         As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, Savills mainly relied on the income capitalisation method as the
         primary approach and cross-checked by the direct comparison approach. The use of income capitalisation
         method is in line with market practice of property valuation for income-producing commercial assets which
         are the main asset class of the Group.

         The income capitalisation method is based on the capitalisation of the current passing rental income and
         potential reversionary income of the property from the date of valuation at appropriate investment yields to
         arrive at the capital value. Appropriate adjustments or deductions for rent-free periods, ongoing vacancy voils,
         marketing periods and non-recoverable expenses for the vacant space have been considered.

         The income capitalisation method is used to capitalise the unexpired rental incomes of contractual tenancies.
         It has also taken into account the reversionary market rents after the expiry of tenancies in capitalisation.
         The prevailing market rents adopted in the valuation have made reference to recent lettings and other similar
         comparable properties in the vicinity.




                                                                                                                       79
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust            Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

14 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
     Valuation techniques (CONTINUED)

     Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (CONTINUED)

     (b)    Investment properties in Hong Kong

            As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, Savills relied on the direct comparison approach for the valuation
            of investment properties located in Hong Kong. Sales prices of comparable properties in close proximity are
            adjusted for differences in key attributes such as property size. The key input under this approach is the price
            per square foot from current year sales of comparable properties.

            The investment properties are included in Level 3 (31 December 2025: Level 3) of the fair value hierarchy.


15 DEFERRED ASSETS, PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
     Rental income is recognised on an accrued basis by averaging out the impact of rent-free periods, contracted rental
     escalations and such other terms affecting the cash received from rental income under each tenancy agreement.
     Thus, rental income is recognised on a straight-line basis for the entire lease term of each tenancy agreement,
     which effectively amortises the impact of rent-free periods, contracted rental escalations and other relevant terms
     on the rental income over the relevant lease periods. The temporary difference between the rental income as set
     out in the lease agreements and accounting rental income is reflected as deferred assets. Deferred assets which
     are expected to be realised within twelve months after the balance sheet date are classified as current assets.
     The balance of prepayments, deposits and other receivables mainly represents other tax prepayments, deposits
     for utilities and property maintenance fund. The deferred assets, prepayments, deposits and other receivables are
     mainly denominated in RMB and HKD.




80
                                    NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                    FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

16 GOODWILL

                                                                                      30 June     31 December
                                                                                         2026             2025
                                                                                  (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000

   Cost                                                                               859,868           859,868
   Accumulated impairment                                                             (20,867)          (20,867)

   Net book amount                                                                    839,001           839,001



17 INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                 Carrying value
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)
                                                                                                       RMB’000

   At 1 January 2026                                                                                 1,815,377
   Share of net profits                                                                                 22,016

   At 30 June 2026                                                                                   1,837,393



   The Group’s interests in associates amounting to RMB1,837,393,000 as at 30 June 2026 (31 December 2025:
   RMB1,815,377,000) are accounted for using the equity method in the interim condensed consolidated statement of
   financial position.




                                                                                                               81
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust            Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

18 TRADE AND LEASE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                             30 June     31 December
                                                                                                2026            2025
                                                                                          (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000

     Trade and lease receivables                                                              26,944          21,838
     Less: allowance                                                                           (3,664)         (3,705)

     Trade and lease receivables, net                                                         23,280          18,133



     The fair values of trade and lease receivables approximate their carrying amounts.

     The credit terms of the Group are generally within three months. The aging analysis of trade and lease receivables
     by invoice date is as follows:


                                                                                             30 June     31 December
                                                                                                2026            2025
                                                                                          (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000

     0 - 30 days                                                                              13,190          13,243
     31 - 90 days                                                                              4,316            4,110
     91 - 180 days                                                                             4,216            1,445
     181 - 365 days                                                                            2,380            2,118
     Over 1 year                                                                               2,842             922

     Total                                                                                    26,944          21,838



     All of the Group’s trade and lease receivables are denominated in RMB.




82
                                      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

19 BANK DEPOSITS AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                          30 June      31 December
                                                                                             2026              2025
                                                                                      (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000

   Current
   Cash at bank and on hand                                                             1,336,321         5,350,204
   Short-term bank deposits with original maturity of less than three months             282,257          1,230,029

   Cash and cash equivalents                                                            1,618,578         6,580,233
   Short-term bank deposits with original maturity of more
      than three months but less than twelve months                                        68,000            60,000

   Total                                                                                1,686,578         6,640,233

   Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                      1,686,297         6,639,933



   As at 30 June 2026, included in the bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents of the Group are bank deposits
   of approximately RMB1,328,055,000 (31 December 2025: RMB4,311,534,000) denominated in RMB, which is not a
   freely convertible currency in the international market and its exchange rate is determined by the People’s Bank of
   China. The remittance of these funds out of Chinese mainland is subject to exchange control restrictions imposed by
   the Chinese government.




                                                                                                                    83
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust              Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

19 BANK DEPOSITS AND CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (CONTINUED)
     The credit quality of bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents has been assessed by reference to external credit
     ratings (if available) or to historical information about the counterparty default rates. The existing counterparties do
     not have defaults in the past.

     The carrying amounts of bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents approximate their fair values.

     Bank deposits and cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                               30 June       31 December
                                                                                                   2026               2025
                                                                                            (Unaudited)           (Audited)
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

     RMB                                                                                     1,328,337           4,311,833
     HK$                                                                                       355,929           1,257,523
     US$                                                                                          2,312          1,070,877

     Total                                                                                   1,686,578           6,640,233



20 DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES

                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                   2026               2025
                                                                                            (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

     Beginning of the period                                                                 5,428,918           5,523,292
     Deferred taxation charged/(credited) to profit or loss (Note 11)                            29,785            (54,871)
     Deferred taxation credited to reserve                                                       (8,090)             (7,549)

     End of the period                                                                       5,450,613           5,460,872




84
                                     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

21 TRADE PAYABLES
   The fair values of trade payables approximate their carrying amounts. The aging analysis of the trade payables by
   invoice date is as follows:


                                                                                        30 June      31 December
                                                                                           2026              2025
                                                                                     (Unaudited)         (Audited)
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000

   0 - 30 days                                                                            7,005              9,504
   31 - 90 days                                                                           5,136              6,216
   91 - 180 days                                                                          1,031              1,396
   181-365 days                                                                               95                74
   Over 1 year                                                                                17              286

   Total                                                                                 13,284             17,476



   All of the Group’s trade payables are denominated in RMB.


22 RENTAL DEPOSITS, RECEIPTS IN ADVANCE, ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                        30 June      31 December
                                                                                           2026              2025
                                                                                     (Unaudited)         (Audited)
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000
   Rental deposits
      Current portion                                                                   142,092           166,066
      Non-current portion                                                               126,525           117,316

   Subtotal                                                                             268,617           283,382

   Receipts in advance                                                                   67,743             77,232

   Accrued urban real estate tax                                                         48,528             40,828
   Accrued withholding tax payable                                                        9,371              7,741
   Accrued surcharge tax                                                                  8,555              9,301
   Construction payable                                                                 107,909           109,022
   Accrued interest expense                                                             108,017           118,613
   Accruals for operating expenses                                                      104,989           116,438

   Accruals and other payables                                                          387,369           401,943

   Total                                                                                723,729           762,557


                                                                                                                  85
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust          Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

22 RENTAL DEPOSITS, RECEIPTS IN ADVANCE, ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES
     (CONTINUED)

     The carrying amounts of rental deposits, receipts in advance and accruals and other payables approximate their
     fair values. Majority of the Group’s rental deposits, receipts in advance and accruals and other payables are
     denominated in RMB and HKD.


23 BORROWINGS

                                                                                        30 June      31 December
                                                                                           2026             2025
                                                                                    (Unaudited)          (Audited)
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000

     Current
     Short-term bank borrowings
       – Unsecured                                                                      399,872           400,000
     Current portion of long-term borrowings
     Bank borrowings
       – Secured (Note a)                                                                96,000         3,324,267
       – Unsecured                                                                    2,735,328         5,042,536
     Other borrowings, unsecured (Note b)                                                     —         4,311,225

     Total current borrowings                                                         3,231,200        13,078,028

     Non-current
     Long-term borrowings
     Bank borrowings
       – Secured (Note a)                                                             4,768,850         4,226,167
       – Unsecured                                                                    5,997,704         9,851,996
     Other borrowings, unsecured (Note b)                                             4,324,707         5,907,776

     Total long-term borrowings                                                      15,091,261        19,985,939
     Less: current portion of long-term borrowings                                   (2,831,328)      (12,678,028)

     Non-current portion of long-term borrowings                                     12,259,933         7,307,911

     Analysis into:
       – Unsecured                                                                   10,722,283        16,159,772
       – Secured                                                                      4,768,850         4,226,167

     Total                                                                           15,491,133        20,385,939




86
                                               NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                               FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

23 BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
   Note a:


   As at 30 June 2026, bank loans of approximately RMB4,769 million (31 December 2025: RMB4,226 million) are secured by certain parts of Guangzhou
   IFC with carrying value of RMB6,303 million (31 December 2025: RMB6,349 million).


   Note b:


   On 2 February 2021, Yuexiu REIT MTN Company Limited (“REIT MTN”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Yuexiu REIT, issued and sold a total of US$400
   million principal amount of 2.65% notes to investors under the MTN Programme, which were matured and have been repaid in 2026.


   On 24 March 2023, MOON KING LIMITED, a wholly owned subsidiary of Yuexiu REIT, issued and sold RMB1,500 million principal amount of 4.15%
   guaranteed notes, which were matured and have been repaid in 2026.


   On 2 April 2025 and 12 February 2026, MOON KING LIMITED, issued and sold RMB1,000 million principal amount of 4.10% guaranteed notes due in
   April 2028 and RMB690 million principal amount of 3.5% green notes due in February 2029, respectively.


   On 21 July 2025, Yuexiu REIT 2012 Company Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Yuexiu REIT, issued RMB600 million principal amount of 2.70%
   medium term bonds due in July 2028.


   On 12 February 2026, Yuexiu REIT MTN Company Limited issued and sold US$300 million principal amount of 6.5% green notes due in February 2029.



24 NET ASSETS ATTRIBUTABLE TO UNITHOLDERS

                                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                                   2026                   2025
                                                                                                            (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                                                                              RMB’000                 RMB’000

    Beginning of the period                                                                                 14,096,677              14,829,378
    Issuance of units                                                                                           59,001                  39,499
    Transfer from the interim condensed consolidated
      statement of comprehensive income                                                                        (33,150)               (232,480)
    Distributions paid during the period                                                                       (99,302)               (129,555)

    End of the period                                                                                       14,023,226              14,506,842



   The movement of numbers of existing units is as below:


                                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June

    Units in issue (’000)                                                                                          2026                   2025
                                                                                                            (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)

    Beginning of the period                                                                                  5,258,969               5,090,738
    Manager’s fee in form of units (Note a)                                                                     79,839                  50,348

    End of the period                                                                                        5,338,808               5,141,086




                                                                                                                                               87
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust                          Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

24 NET ASSETS ATTRIBUTABLE TO UNITHOLDERS (CONTINUED)
     Note a:


     During the period, 79,838,978 units were issued for the payment of manager’s fee (2025: 50,348,379 units).



25 LOSS PER UNIT BASED UPON LOSS AFTER INCOME TAX BEFORE TRANSACTIONS
   WITH UNITHOLDERS ATTRIBUTABLE TO UNITHOLDERS

     Basic loss per unit based upon loss after income tax before transactions with unitholders attributable to unitholders
     is calculated by dividing the loss after income tax before transactions with unitholders attributable to unitholders by
     the weighted average number of units in issue during the period.


                                                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                                        2026            2025
                                                                                                                  (Unaudited)     (Unaudited)

     Loss after income tax before transactions with unitholders
        attributable to unitholders (RMB’000)                                                                       (140,045)        (322,373)

     Weighted average number of units in issue (’000)                                                              5,278,655        5,115,773

     Basic and diluted loss per unit (RMB)                                                                              (0.03)          (0.06)



     Diluted loss per unit based upon loss after income tax before transactions with unitholders attributable to
     unitholders is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of units outstanding to assume conversion of
     all dilutive potential units. Yuexiu REIT has deferred units outstanding and manager’s fee in form of units during the
     period which are dilutive potential units. The deferred units outstanding and manager’s fee in form of units during
     the six-month period ended 30 June 2026 are not included in the calculation of diluted loss per unit because they
     are antidilutive for the period ended 30 June 2026.




88
                                      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26 CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
   TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES
  As at 30 June 2026, the Group was significantly influenced by YXP (incorporated in Hong Kong), which owns
  approximately 43% (31 December 2025: 42%) of Yuexiu REIT’s units. The remaining units are widely held.

  The table set forth below summarised the names of connected/related companies and nature of relationship with
  Yuexiu REIT as at 30 June 2026:


   Connected/related companies                                              Relationship with Yuexiu REIT

  Yuexiu Property Company Limited (“YXP”)   1
                                                                            A major unitholder of Yuexiu REIT

  The Manager 1                                                             An associate of YXP

  GZ IFC Management 1                                                       An associate of YXP

  Yicheng BM 1                                                              A subsidiary of YXP

  Guangzhou White Horse Clothings Market Ltd.                               A subsidiary of YXP
    (“White Horse JV”)   1




  Baima BM 1                                                                A subsidiary of YXP

  Guangzhou Yuexiu Xingye Property Agent Ltd. (“Xingye”) 1                  A subsidiary of YXP

  Guangzhou City Construction and Development Co., Ltd. (“GCCD”) 1          A subsidiary of YXP

  Guangzhou Construction & Development                                      A subsidiary of YXP
    Holdings (China) Limited (“GCD (China) “)   1




  Guangzhou Yuexiu Holdings Limited (“GZYX”) 1                              Immediate holding company of Yue Xiu

  Guangzhou Yuexiu Enterprises (Holdings) Ltd. (“YXE”) 1                    A subsidiary of GZYX

  Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (“GZYCHG”) 1            A subsidiary of GZYX

  Yue Xiu Enterprises (Holdings) Limited (“Yue Xiu”) 1                      A major shareholder of YXP

  Guangzhou City Construction and                                           A subsidiary of YXE
    Development Group Co., Ltd. (“GCCD BVI”)        1




  Guangzhou Yue Xiu City Construction Jones                                 A subsidiary of YXP
    Lang LaSalle Property Services Co., Ltd. (“GZ JLL”)   1




                                                                                                                89
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust              Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26 CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
   TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)

     Connected/related companies                                                Relationship with Yuexiu REIT

     Guangzhou Suiqiao Development Co., Ltd. (“Suiqiao”) 1                      A subsidiary of Yue Xiu

     Yue Xiu Investment Consultants Limited (“YXIC”) 1                          A subsidiary of YXE

     Guangzhou Yuexiu Industrial Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd. 1         A subsidiary of GZYCHG

     Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. 1                             A subsidiary of GZYCHG

     Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital Holdings Co., Ltd. 1                              A subsidiary of GZYCHG

     Guangzhou Yue Xiu Enterprises Development Ltd. 1                           A subsidiary of YXE

     Guangzhou Yue Tong Expressway Operations and Management                    A subsidiary of Yue Xiu
       Company Limited (“Yue Tong”)    1




     Guangzhou Yue Peng Information Ltd. (“Yue Peng”) 1                         A subsidiary of Yue Xiu

     Yuexiu (China) Transport Infrastructure Investment Company Limited 1       A subsidiary of Yue Xiu

     Yuexiu Transport Infrastructure Limited (“Yuexiu Transport”) 1             A subsidiary of Yue Xiu

     Chong Hing Bank Limited (“Chong Hing Bank”) 1                              A subsidiary of Yue Xiu

     Chong Hing Bank Limited Guangzhou Sub-Branch                               A subsidiary of Yue Xiu
       (“Chong Hing Guangzhou”)    1




     Chong Hing Bank Limited Shanghai Branch (“Chong Hing Shanghai”) 1          A subsidiary of Yue Xiu

     Guangzhou Paper Group Ltd. 1                                               A subsidiary of YXE

     Guangzhou Futures Co., Ltd. 1                                              A subsidiary of GZYCHG

     廣州市祥港房地產開發有限公司 1                                                           A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州市宏錦房地產開發有限公司 1                                                           A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州東耀房地產開發有限公司 1                                                            A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州市城建開發集團名特網絡發展有限公司 1                                                      A subsidiary of GZYX




90
                                      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                      FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26 CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
   TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)

   Connected/related companies                                 Relationship with Yuexiu REIT

  廣州鵬燁貿易有限公司 1                                                 A subsidiary of YXP

  Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Technology Co., Ltd. 1            A subsidiary of GZYCHG

  Shanghai Yuexiu Finance Leasing Co., Ltd. 1                  A subsidiary of GZYCHG

  武漢康景實業投資有限公司 1                                               A subsidiary of YXP

  廣州城建開發設計院有限公司 1                                              A subsidiary of GZYX

  廣州越秀商業地產經營管理有限公司 1                                           A subsidiary of YXP

  Yue Xiu Consultants (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. 1                   A subsidiary of Yue Xiu

  杭州越秀房地產開發有限公司 1                                              A subsidiary of YXP

  杭州越榮房地產開發有限公司 1                                              A subsidiary of YXP

  杭州盛寅房地產開發有限公司 1                                              A subsidiary of YXP

  杭州豐勝房地產開發有限公司 1                                              A subsidiary of YXP

  杭州杭秀房地產開發有限公司 1                                              A subsidiary of YXP

  杭州越嘉房地產開發有限公司 1                                              A subsidiary of YXP

  武漢越秀商業管理有限公司 1                                               A subsidiary of YXP

  廣州市品秀房地產開發有限公司 1                                             A subsidiary of YXP

  Guangzhou Yuexiu Business Operation Management Co., Ltd. 1   A subsidiary of YXP

  廣州越秀星寓公寓管理有限公司 1                                             A subsidiary of YXP

  廣州雋越房地產開發有限責任公司 1                                            A subsidiary of YXP

  廣州越秀資本投資管理有限公司 1                                             A subsidiary of GZYCHG

  Guangzhou Yuexiu Kunpeng Private Equity Fund                 A subsidiary of GZYCHG
    Management Co., Ltd.   1




                                                                                               91
        Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust   Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26 CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
   TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)

     Connected/related companies                                    Relationship with Yuexiu REIT

     廣州悅秀智訊科技信息諮詢有限公司 1                                             A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州白馬電子商務股份有限公司 1                                               A subsidiary of YXE

     廣州城建開發裝飾有限公司 1                                                 A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州越秀城開房地產開發有限公司 1                                              A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州城建開發工程造價諮詢有限公司 1                                             A subsidiary of YXP

     廣期資本管理 (上海) 有限公司 1                                             A subsidiary of GZYCHG

     廣州資產管理有限公司 1                                                   A subsidiary of GZYCHG

     廣州東秀房地產開發有限公司 1                                                A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州越秀華城房地產開發有限公司 1                                              A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州皇上皇集團股份有限公司 1                                                A subsidiary of YXE

     廣州風行乳業股份有限公司 1                                                 A subsidiary of YXE

     金鷹基金管理有限公司 1                                                   A subsidiary of GZYCHG

     廣州宏勝房地產開發有限公司 1                                                A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州裕秀房地產開發有限公司                                                  An associate of YXP

     廣州越冠房地產開發有限公司 1                                                A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州匯城實業發展有限公司 1                                                 A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州敏秀房地產開發有限公司 1                                                A joint venture of YXP

     廣州南方智媒產業園有限公司 1                                                A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州樾富房地產開發有限公司 1                                                A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州市品薈房地產開發有限公司 1                                               A subsidiary of YXP




92
                                     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26 CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
   TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)

   Connected/related companies                                Relationship with Yuexiu REIT

  廣州越宏房地產開發有限公司                                               An associate of YXP

  廣州市佰城投資發展有限公司 1                                             A subsidiary of YXP

  Guangzhou Yuexiu Foods Group Co., Ltd. (“Yuexiu Foods”) 1   A subsidiary of YXE

  Yue Xiu Development 1                                       A subsidiary of YXE

  廣州越創智數信息科技有限公司 1                                            A subsidiary of YXP

  廣州皇上皇食品商貿有限公司 1                                             A subsidiary of YXE

  廣州市品輝房地產開發有限公司 1                                            A subsidiary of YXP

  廣州市品悅房地產開發有限公司 1                                            A subsidiary of YXP

  廣州鳴泉居會議中心有限公司 1                                             A subsidiary of GZYX

  廣州市悅冠智能科技有限公司 1                                             A subsidiary of YXP

  廣州悅秀會信息科技有限公司 1                                             A subsidiary of YXP

  輝山乳業 (瀋陽) 銷售有限公司 1                                          A subsidiary of YXE

  廣州市品臻房地產開發有限公司 1                                            An associate of YXP

  廣州越建工程管理有限公司 1                                              A subsidiary of YXP

  廣州市穗港澳合作交流促進會 1                                             A subsidiary of YXP

  湖北悅秀薈房地產經紀有限公司 1                                            A subsidiary of YXP




                                                                                              93
         Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust             Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26 CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
   TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)

     Connected/related companies                                               Relationship with Yuexiu REIT

     廣州越達投資有限責任公司 1                                                            A subsidiary of Yue Xiu

     Guangzhou Yuexiu Venture Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd. 1           A subsidiary of GZYCHG

     廣州越創房地產開發有限公司                                                             An associate of YXP

     Dragon Yield Holding Limited (“Dragon Yield”) 1                           A subsidiary of YXP

     The Trustee                                                               The Trustee of Yuexiu REIT

     The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation                             Associates of the Trustee
       Limited and its subsidiaries (the “HSBC Group”)

     Yue Xiu Securities Company Limited 1                                      A subsidiary of GZYX

     廣州天盈房地產開發有限公司 1                                                           A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州天越房地產開發有限公司 1                                                           A subsidiary of YXP

     杭州燚樂實業投資有限公司 1                                                            A subsidiary of YXP

     廣州越浩房地產開發有限公司 1                                                           A subsidiary of YXP

     Wuhan Branch of Guangzhou Yuehui City Commercial                          An associate of YXP
       Operation Management Co., Ltd.

     廣州市品鑫房地產開發有限公司                                                            An associate of YXP

     廣州鳴泉居酒店有限公司第一分公司 1                                                        A subsidiary of GZYX




94
                                                NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26 CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
   TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)

   Connected/related companies                                                                   Relationship with Yuexiu REIT

  杭州樾祥房地產開發有限公司 1                                                                                A subsidiary of YXP

  杭州越燊房地產開發有限公司 1                                                                                A subsidiary of YXP

  廣州市祥發房地產有限公司 1                                                                                 A subsidiary of YXP

  廣州新厚德投資發展有限公司 1                                                                                A subsidiary of GZYX

  廣州越秀融資擔保有限公司 1                                                                                 A subsidiary of GZYCHG

  廣州國金商業經營管理有限公司 1                                                                               A subsidiary of YXP

  廣州國金商業經營管理有限公司上海分公司 1                                                                          A subsidiary of YXP

  廣州越秀投資發展有限公司 1                                                                                 A subsidiary of YXP


  廣州越秀物業發展有限公司 1                                                                                 A subsidiary of YXP


  廣州美爾樂管理諮詢有限公司 1                                                                                A subsidiary of YXP


  廣州越惠投資諮詢有限公司                                                                                   A subsidiary of Yue Xiu


  廣州風行商貿有限公司上海分公司 1                                                                              A subsidiary of YXE


  廣州期貨股份有限公司 1                                                                                   A subsidiary of GZYFHG


  廣州晉耀置業有限公司 (“晉耀”)                                                                              An associate of Yuexiu REIT


  廣州譽耀置業有限公司 (“譽耀”)                                                                              An associate of Yuexiu REIT


  廣州景耀置業有限公司 (“景耀”)                                                                              An associate of Yuexiu REIT


  廣州佳耀置業有限公司 (“佳耀”)                                                                              An associate of Yuexiu REIT

  Note:


  1       These connected companies are also considered as related companies of the Group. Transactions and balances carried out with these related
          companies are disclosed in notes (a) and (b) below.




                                                                                                                                                95
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust                       Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26 CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
   TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)
     (a)    Transactions with connected/related companies
            The following transactions and balances were carried out with connected/related companies:



                                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                               2026             2025
                                                                                                         (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000
             Asset management fee paid/payable to
               – the Manager (note ii)                                                                       76,524           83,964
             Property management fee paid/payable to
               – Yicheng BM                                                                                   5,454           10,870
               – Baima BM                                                                                     3,027            3,280
               – GZ IFC Management                                                                            6,734            7,840
             Rental income received/receivable from
               – Yicheng BM                                                                                   4,237            4,115
               – GCCD                                                                                         8,677           13,470




96
                                     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                     FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26 CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
   TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)
  (a)   Transactions with connected/related companies (CONTINUED)

                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                  2026             2025
                                                                            (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000
        Rental income received/receivable from
          – Suiqiao                                                                274                 274
          – Guangzhou Futures Co., Ltd.                                            307                 307
          – Guangzhou Yuexiu Industrial Investment Fund
              Management Co., Ltd.                                               1,233                 495
          – GZ JLL                                                               8,396            8,729
          – Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.                           929            9,582
          – GZ IFC Management                                                    5,690            7,187
          – Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital Holdings Co., Ltd.                         11,281           11,871
          – Yue Tong                                                             4,494            4,505
          – Yue Peng                                                               363                 363
          – Guangzhou Paper Group Ltd.                                             131                 140
          – Chong Hing Guangzhou                                                     —            7,795
          – Chong Hing Shanghai                                                  2,481            2,692
          – 杭州燚樂實業投資有限公司                                                           724            1,603
          – 廣州鵬燁貿易有限公司                                                           1,095            1,090
          – Shanghai Yuexiu Finance Leasing Co., Ltd.                            2,691            2,833
          – 武漢越秀商業管理有限公司                                                         1,398            1,398
          – 廣州城建開發設計院有限公司                                                        1,056            1,092
          – 廣州越秀商業地產經營管理有限公司                                                       470                 458
          – 廣州越秀資本投資管理有限公司                                                       1,557            1,866
          – 杭州越秀房地產開發有限公司                                                        1,115            2,647
          – 廣州悅秀智訊科技信息諮詢有限公司                                                     1,564            1,564
          – 廣州城建開發工程造價諮詢有限公司                                                        53                 42
          – 廣州越秀融資擔保有限公司                                                            70                 77
          – 廣期資本管理 (上海) 有限公司                                                     1,591            1,591
          – 廣州資產管理有限公司                                                           1,147            8,982
          – 廣州鳴泉居酒店有限公司第一分公司                                                         —                   3
          – Guangzhou Yuexiu Venture Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd.        2,193            2,629
          – 廣州越秀城開房地產開發有限公司                                                          —                 933
          – 廣州越秀華城房地產開發有限公司                                                          —            6,444
          – 廣州市祥發房地產有限公司                                                             —                 410
          – 廣州新厚德投資發展有限公司                                                          131                 24




                                                                                                         97
           Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust        Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26 CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
   TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)
     (a)    Transactions with connected/related companies (CONTINUED)

                                                                            Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                  2026             2025
                                                                            (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)
                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000

             Rental income received/receivable from
               – 廣州市佰城投資發展有限公司                                                   4,365            4,365
               – GZYX                                                           28,877           30,004
               – 廣州越秀投資發展有限公司                                                        —                 115
               – 廣州越創智數信息科技有限公司                                                     78                 145
               – 金鷹基金管理有限公司                                                          —            2,988
               – 廣州越浩房地產開發有限公司                                                   5,445           12,477
               – 廣州市品鑫房地產開發有限公司                                                      —            3,645
               – 廣州越冠房地產開發有限公司                                                     140            1,825
               – 廣州市穗港澳合作交流促進會                                                       —                 192
               – 廣州市悅冠智能科技有限公司                                                     834                 834
               – 廣州悅秀會信息科技有限公司                                                      14                  7
               – 輝山乳業 (瀋陽) 銷售有限公司                                                    —                 119
               – YXP                                                               817                 843
               – the Manager                                                       405                 423
               – Yuexiu Transport                                                  405                 423
               – 廣州越建工程管理有限公司                                                    2,863            2,393
               – 廣州天盈房地產開發有限公司                                                   4,372            8,732
               – 廣州國金商業經營管理有限公司上海分公司                                               563                 563
               – 廣州越秀物業發展有限公司                                                        —            4,758
               – 廣州美爾樂管理諮詢有限公司                                                      16                  —
               – 廣州越惠投資諮詢有限公司                                                        7                  —
               – 杭州樾祥房地產開發有限公司                                                   1,205                  —
               – 杭州越燊房地產開發有限公司                                                   1,205                  —
               – 廣州風行商貿有限公司上海分公司                                                     1                  —
               – 廣州期貨股份有限公司                                                         91                   -




98
                                               NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                               FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26 CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
   TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)
  (a)   Transactions with connected/related companies (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June

                                                                                                                     2026                   2025
                                                                                                            (Unaudited)             (Unaudited)
                                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000

         Principal element of lease payments paid to
               – 廣州越秀星寓公寓管理有限公司                                                                                     4,895                   6,580
         Rental income received/receivable from Trustee
               – the HSBC Group                                                                                     2,405                   2,405
         Trustee’s fee paid/payable to
               – The Trustee                                                                                        6,088                   6,275
         Interest expense paid/payable to
               – the HSBC Group                                                                                       569                   5,298
               – the Chong Hing Bank                                                                                4,431                     899
               – YXIC                                                                                                    —                  3,644
         Commercial insurance fee paid to
               – the Chong Hing Insurance                                                                                 6                      7
         Bond underwriter’s fee paid/payable to
               – the HSBC Group                                                                                           3                     —
               – the Chong Hing Bank                                                                                    63                     37
               – Yue Xiu Securities Company Limited                                                                   169                      43
         Interest income received/receivable from
               – the Chong Hing Bank                                                                                  897                     270
               – the HSBC Group                                                                                     1,489                     246
               – GCCD                                                                                               1,712                   1,712
               – 晉耀                                                                                                 3,269                       —
               – 譽耀                                                                                                 3,269                       —
               – 景耀                                                                                                 3,269                       —
               – 佳耀                                                                                                 3,269                       —

        Notes:


        (i)      All transactions with connected/related companies were carried out in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements
                 governing the transactions.


        (ii)     The related party transactions in respect of all items above also constitute connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the
                 Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                                                  99
            Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust              Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26 CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
   TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)
      (b)    Balances with related companies

                                                                                      30 June    31 December
                                                                                         2026          2025
                                                                                   (Unaudited)      (Audited)
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000

              Amount due from GCCD (i)                                                 49,362         47,548
              Amount due from GCD (China)                                              20,901         27,888
              Amount due from 晉耀 (ii)                                                 194,741        191,276
              Amount due from 譽耀 (ii)                                                 169,356        165,891
              Amount due from 景耀 (ii)                                                 165,583        162,118
              Amount due from 佳耀 (ii)                                                 183,964        180,499
              Amount due to Yicheng BM                                                  6,896          3,224
              Amount due to Baima BM                                                      496          5,994
              Amount due to the Manager                                                94,540         95,902
              Amount due to GZ IFC Management                                           2,102          1,489
              Amount due to GCD (China)                                                   123            123
              Amount due to GCCD BVI                                                   10,000         10,000
              Amount due to YXP                                                         2,358          2,414
              Bank deposit in Chong Hing Bank                                         151,446        158,965
              Bank deposit in HSBC Group                                               79,651      1,489,047
              Bank borrowing from the HSBC Group                                       26,057         27,097
              Bank borrowing from the Chong Hing Bank                                 205,846        214,063
              Rental income receivables from related companies                          1,725          3,752
              Receipts in advance from related companies                                2,460          3,578
              Rental deposits from related companies (iii)                             46,349         51,023
              Trade payable to related companies                                        4,228          4,228




100
                                                  NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                                                  FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

26 CONNECTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND SIGNIFICANT RELATED PARTY
   TRANSACTIONS AND BALANCES (CONTINUED)
   (b)     Balances with related companies (CONTINUED)
           Notes:


           (i)      Pursuant to the settlement agency agreement entered into between GCCD and Tower Top, GCCD would be responsible for settling the
                    outstanding construction costs related to the construction of Guangzhou IFC. The receivable balance of RMB40 million (2025: RMB40
                    million) as at the end of the period represents the initial amount transferred to GCCD less the settlement of construction payable. To
                    the extent that there are residual funds after settlement of all outstanding construction costs, GCCD will be required to refund the
                    surplus cash to Tower Top after the settlement of such costs.


           (ii)     On 3 November 2025, Guangzhou Yue Xiu City Construction International Finance Centre Co., Ltd., a 99%-owned subsidiary of Yuexiu
                    REIT, provided a shareholder loan of RMB650 million to 晉耀, 譽耀, 景耀 and 佳耀, bearing interest at 4.3% per annum with a three-
                    year term. The remaining receivables are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.


           (iii)    Rental deposits from related companies are included as rental deposits in the consolidated statement of financial position.


           Except for the balances as disclosed in (i), (ii) above, all other balances with related companies are unsecured,
           interest-free and repayable on demand. All the balances are denominated in RMB and are reasonable
           approximations to their fair values.


   (c)     Key management compensation

           There was no key management compensation for the period ended 30 June 2026 (six months ended 30 June
           2025: Nil).


27 CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                                                      30 June          31 December
                                                                                                                          2026                     2025
                                                                                                                 (Unaudited)                 (Audited)
                                                                                                                     RMB’000                 RMB’000

   Capital commitments in respect of property,
         plant and equipment and investment properties
   Contracted but not provided for                                                                                      65,300                    68,207




                                                                                                                                                      101
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust        Interim Report 2026




NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

28 FUTURE MINIMUM RENTAL RECEIVABLES
      At 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the Group had future minimum rental receivables under non-cancellable
      leases as follows:


                                                                                       30 June     31 December
                                                                                         2026              2025
                                                                                   (Unaudited)         (Audited)
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000

      Within one year                                                                 807,638           872,384
      Between one year and five years                                                1,163,975        1,211,041
      Over five years                                                                   16,469           12,713

      Total                                                                          1,988,082        2,096,138




102
                                                                                                PERFORMANCE TABLE

                                                        Unaudited                Unaudited               Unaudited             Unaudited             Unaudited
                                                     30 June 2026            30 June 2025            30 June 2024          30 June 2023          30 June 2022

 Net assets attributable to
       Unitholders (RMB’000)                           14,023,226               14,506,842              15,494,507            15,663,576            16,973,668
 Net assets attributable to
       Unitholders per unit (RMB)                              2.63                    2.82                   3.10                  3.24                  3.63
 Equivalent to HK$                                             3.02                    3.09                   3.40                  3.51                  4.26
 The highest premium of the traded
       price to net asset value                               N/A(i)                  N/A(i)                   N/A                   N/A                   N/A
 The highest discount of the traded
       price to net asset value                         HK$2.38 (i)              HK$2.42 (i)              HK$2.60               HK$2.12               HK$1.27
 Net (loss)/yield per unit                               (4.04)% (ii)            (7.24)% (ii)              (0.65)%                 1.19%               (3.89)%
 Number of units in issue                     5,338,808,075 units       5,141,086,550 units     4,995,738,171 units   4,833,663,307 units   4,671,788,055 units

Notes:


(i)        The highest premium is calculated based on the highest traded price of HK$0.87 (2025: HK$0.95) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Stock
           Exchange”) during the period from 1 January 2026 to 30 June 2026. The highest discount is calculated based on the lowest traded price of HK$0.64
           (2025: HK$0.67) on the Stock Exchange during the period from 1 January 2026 to 30 June 2026.


(ii)       Net loss per unit is calculated based on loss after tax before transactions with Unitholders per unit for the period from 1 January 2026 to 30 June
           2026 over the traded price of HK$0.65 as at 30 June 2026 (30 June 2025: HK$0.87) on the Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                                                                             103
          Yuexiu Real Estate Investment Trust         Interim Report 2026




CORPORATE AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
INFORMATION
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE MANAGER                          PRINCIPAL BANKERS OF YUEXIU REIT
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                        Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                           China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Ms. Ou Haijing                                             China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.
Mr. Lin Deliang                                            Chong Hing Bank Limited
                                                           DBS Bank Ltd.
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                    Nanyang Commercial Bank, Limited
                                                           Ping An Bank Co., Ltd.
Mr. Jiang Guoxiong (Chairman)                              Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd.
Mr. Zeng Zhizhao                                           The Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS &                      REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE MANAGER
  AUDIT COMMITTEE MEMBERS                                  Flat B, 17/F
Mr. Chan Chi On, Derek                                     Yue Xiu Building
                                                           160 Lockhart Road
Mr. Chan Chi Fai, Brian
                                                           Wanchai, Hong Kong
Mr. Cheung Yuk Tong
Mr. Chen Guanzhan (appointed on 15 April 2026)
Mr. Chen Xiaoou (resigned on 15 April 2026)                UNIT REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                           Tricor Investor Services Limited
RESPONSIBLE OFFICERS OF THE MANAGER                        17/F, Far East Finance Center
                                                           16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong
Ms. Ou Haijing
Mr. Lin Deliang                                            LISTING EXCHANGE
Mr. Kwan Chi Fai
Mr. Liu Bihong                                             UNITS
                                                           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
COMPANY SECRETARY OF THE MANAGER                           Stock code: 00405
Mr. Yu Tat Fung
                                                           BOND

TRUSTEE                                                    The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                           RMB1,000,000,000 4.10% Guaranteed Notes due 2028
HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited           Stock code: 85018

AUDITOR OF YUEXIU REIT                                     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                           US$300,000,000 6.50% Notes due 2029
Ernst & Young (Certified Public Accountants and            Stock code: 40088
  Registered PIE Auditor)
                                                           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
                                                           RMB690,000,000 3.50% Guaranteed Notes due 2029
PRINCIPAL VALUER                                           Stock code: 85110
Savills Valuation and Professional Services Limited
                                                           BEIJING FINANCIAL ASSETS EXCHANGE
HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISER                                    RMB600,000,000 2.7% Guaranteed Notes due 2028
Baker & McKenzie                                           (Bond code: 102582949.IB)


WEBSITES TO ACCESS INFORMATION                             INVESTOR RELATIONS
 IN RELATION TO YUEXIU REIT                                For further information about
                                                           Yuexiu REIT, please contact:
http://www.yuexiureit.com                                  Mr. KWAN Chi Fai
http://www.hkex.com.hk                                     Email: yxft.ir@yuexiureit.com


104
