(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                   Stock Code : 01530
Contents   2    Company Overview

           3    Corporate Information

           5    Financial Highlights

           6    Management Discussion and Analysis

           23   Corporate Governance and Other Information

           41   Independent Review Report

           43   Interim Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

           44   Interim Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

           45   Interim Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

           47   Interim Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

           49   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

           51   Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report
Company Overview

3SBio Inc. (the “Company” or “3SBio”, with its subsidiaries collectively, the “Group”) is a leading biotechnology company in the
People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). As a pioneer in the Chinese biotechnology industry, the Group has extensive expertise
in researching, developing, manufacturing and marketing bio-pharmaceuticals. The core commercialized products of the Group
include several bio-pharmaceutical drugs, namely TPIAO (特比澳), recombinant human erythropoietin (rhEPO) products EPIAO (益比
奧) and SEPO (賽博爾), Yisaipu (益賽普) and Cipterbin (賽普汀), and a small molecule drug, Mandi (蔓迪®) series of minoxidil drugs.
TPIAO is the only commercialized recombinant human thrombopoietin (rhTPO) product in the world. With its two rhEPO products,
the Group has been the premier leader in the rhEPO market of the mainland area (“Mainland China”) of the PRC for over two
decades. Yisaipu is the first-to-market Tumour Necrosis Factor (TNF) α inhibitor product in Mainland China. Mandi has a dominant
position in the Mainland China hair loss drug market. The Group has been expanding its therapeutic coverage by adding products
through internal research and development (R&D) and various external strategic partnerships.


The Group focuses its R&D efforts on researching and developing innovative biologicals. As at 30 June 2026, the Group has 25 key
product candidates in the areas of nephrology, oncology, auto-immune and inflammatory diseases, hematology, ophthalmology,
dermatological and metabolic diseases.


The Group operates in a highly attractive industry. Biotechnology has revolutionized the pharmaceutical industry by addressing
unmet medical needs and offering innovative treatments for a wide array of human diseases. In Mainland China, the biotechnology
industry enjoys strong government support. The 2026 Government Work Report at the National People’s Congress and the
Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (NPC & CPPCC) elevated the bio-pharmaceutical industry to a new strategic
height, specifically designating it as a national “emerging pillar industry”. Strong government support along with increasing physician
adoption of bio-pharmaceuticals has driven strong industry growth in Mainland China.


The Group is positioned for global expansion. In the six months ended 30 June 2026 (the “Reporting Period”), the Group’s
products were sold in 39 overseas markets. The investigational new drug (IND) applications of over 10 candidates in the Group’s
pipeline have been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). As announced in May 2025, the Group has entered a
global collaboration with Pfizer Inc. (“Pfizer”) on the anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)/programmed cell death protein 1
(PD-1) bi-specific antibody (BsAb) (Group R&D code: 707 Injection, “707”；Pfizer code：PF-08634404). As of 30 June 2026, Pfizer
initiated 9 clinical trials, and additional 3 trials are planned for the second half of 2026. The Group aims to focus its R&D to provide
more innovative therapeutics for patients in Mainland China and globally.


As at 30 June 2026, the Group had operation facilities in Shenyang, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Dongguan and Shenzhen, all in Mainland
China, as well as in Como, Italy, with 6,068 employees. The Group’s pharmaceutical products are marketed and sold in all
provinces, autonomous regions and special municipalities in Mainland China, as well as a number of foreign countries and regions.
During the Reporting Period, the Group’s nationwide sales and distribution network enabled it to sell its products to nearly 10,000
hospitals and medical institutions in Mainland China.




2      3S BIO INC.
                                                    Corporate Information


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                     REGISTERED OFFICE (IN THE
Executive Directors                                     CAYMAN ISLANDS)
Dr. LOU Jing (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)      Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
Ms. SU Dongmei                                         PO Box 2681
                                                       Grand Cayman, KY1–1111
Non-executive Director                                 Cayman Islands
Ms. ZHANG Jiaoe

                                                       HEADQUARTERS
Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                       No. 3 A1, Road 10
Mr. PU Tianruo
                                                       Shenyang Economy and Technology Development Zone
Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi
                                                       Shenyang
Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry
                                                       PRC


COMPANY SECRETARY                                      PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen
                                                        IN HONG KONG
                                                       Room 1918, 19/F
AUTHORIZED                                             Lee Garden One
 REPRESENTATIVES                                       33 Hysan Avenue
Ms. SU Dongmei                                         Causeway Bay
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen                                       Hong Kong SAR
                                                       PRC

AUDIT COMMITTEE
Mr. PU Tianruo (Chairman)                              PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi
Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry
                                                        AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                       Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
                                                       Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                 PO Box 2681
Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi (Chairlady)                      Grand Cayman, KY1–1111
Mr. PU Tianruo                                         Cayman Islands
Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry

                                                       HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                   Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Dr. LOU Jing (Chairman)                                Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor
Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi                                  Hopewell Centre
Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry                                  183 Queen’s Road East
                                                       Wanchai, Hong Kong SAR
                                                       PRC


                                                                                        Interim Report 2026   3
Corporate Information




LEGAL ADVISERS                               SECURITIES CODE
As to Hong Kong law and United States law:   Shares Listing
Baker & McKenzie                             Ordinary Shares
14th Floor, One Taikoo Place                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
979 King’s Road                              (Stock Code: 01530)
Quarry Bay
Hong Kong SAR
                                             COMPANY’S WEBSITE
PRC
                                             www.3sbio.com

As to Cayman Islands law:
Conyers Dill & Pearman
                                             PRINCIPAL BANKS
                                             Industrial Bank Co., Ltd., Shenyang Branch
29th Floor, One Exchange Square
                                             No. 77 Wenhua Road
8 Connaught Place
                                             Heping District
Central
                                             Shenyang
Hong Kong SAR
                                             PRC
PRC

                                             HSBC Bank (China) Company Limited, Shanghai Branch
AUDITOR                                      HSBC Building
KPMG
                                             8 Century Avenue
Public Interest Entity Auditor registered
                                             Pudong New Area,
under the Accounting and
                                             Shanghai
Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
                                             PRC
8th Floor, Prince’s Building,
10 Chater Road
Central
Hong Kong SAR
PRC




4         3S BIO INC.
                                                                                  Financial Highlights*

•   Revenue increased by Renminbi (“RMB”) 170.5 million or 3.9% to RMB4,526.0 million, as compared to the six months
    ended 30 June 2025.


•   Gross profit increased by RMB78.8 million or 2.1% to RMB3,794.6 million, as compared to the six months ended 30
    June 2025. The gross profit margin decreased to 83.8% from 85.3% for the six months ended 30 June 2025.


•   Net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company decreased by RMB211.6 million or 15.6% to
    RMB1,146.6 million, as compared to the six months ended 30 June 2025. Net profit attributable to equity
    shareholders of the Company adjusted for non-operating items 1 increased by RMB300.5 million or 26.5% to
    RMB1,436.3 million, as compared to the six months ended 30 June 2025.


•   EBITDA decreased by RMB323.8 million or 17.7% to RMB1,508.7 million, as compared to the six months ended
    30 June 2025. EBITDA adjusted for non-operating items2 increased by RMB188.2 million or 11.7% to RMB1,798.3
    million, as compared to the six months ended 30 June 2025.


*   All numbers in the “Financial Highlights” section are subject to rounding adjustments and therefore are approximate numbers only.




1
    The net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company adjusted for non-operating items is defined as the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the
    Company for the period excluding, as applicable (such excluded items, as applicable, “Excluded Items”): (a) the expenses associated with the awarded shares
    granted by 3SBio in September 2024; (b) the expenses associated with the awarded shares granted by Mandi Inc. in October 2025; (c) the expenses associated
    with the awarded shares granted under a restricted share incentive plan by Sunshine Guojian Pharmaceutical (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Sunshine Guojian”) in July
    2024; (d) the expenses associated with the awarded shares granted under a restricted share incentive plan by Sunshine Guojian in June 2025; (e) fair value gains on
    derivative financial instruments; (f) fair value gains or losses on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”); (g) fair value gains or losses on financial
    liabilities; and (h) non-operating foreign exchange differences.
2
    The EBITDA adjusted for non-operating items is defined as the EBITDA for the period excluding the Excluded Items.


                                                                                                                                              Interim Report 2026                 5
Management Discussion and Analysis


BUSINESS REVIEW

Key Events


Change of Auditor


Having considered that Ernst & Young (“EY”) had served as the auditor of the Company for more than 15 years, and that it would
be in good corporate practice to engage a new auditor with comparable quality to conduct the audit of the Group for the upcoming
years, the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of the Company determined to put a resolution to the shareholders of
the Company (the “Shareholders”). At the annual general meeting (the “AGM”) of the Company held on 25 June 2026 (the “2026
AGM”), the Shareholders approved the appointment of KPMG as the new auditor of the Company.


The Board and the Audit Committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”) confirmed that there were no disagreements
or unresolved matters between the Company and EY, and there were no other matters or circumstances in respect of the
aforementioned change of auditor which should be brought to the attention of the Shareholders and The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited (the “HKEx”). EY confirmed that there were no other matters or circumstances that needed to be brought to the
attention of the Shareholders in connection with the change of auditor.


In assessing the competence and capabilities of KPMG, the Audit Committee reviewed its credentials, and considered that KPMG
possesses the necessary competence and capabilities (including industry knowledge, technical competence, manpower, time and
other resources) to perform its duties as the auditor of the Company. In particular, the Audit Committee assessed the following: (i)
the audit plan and expenses proposed by KPMG; (ii) the experience, knowledge and technical capability of KPMG in handling audit
work for companies listed on the HKEx; (iii) KPMG’s independence from the Group and objectivity; (iv) KPMG’s market reputation
and track record; (v) KPMG’s resources and other capabilities; and (vi) the guidelines issued by the Accounting and Financial
Reporting Council.


EY retired as the auditor of the Company at the conclusion of the 2026 AGM upon expiration of its term of office.


KPMG was appointed as the new auditor of the Company with a term from the date of conclusion of the 2026 AGM until the date of
conclusion of the next AGM of the Company.


For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 26 May 2026 and 25 June 2026.




6      3S BIO INC.
                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis




Key Commercialized Products


TPIAO


TPIAO is the Group’s self-developed proprietary product, and has been the only commercialized rhTPO product in the world since
its launch in 2005. TPIAO has been approved by the PRC National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) for four indications:
the treatment of chemotherapy-induced thrombocytopenia (CIT), immune thrombocytopenia (ITP), pediatric ITP and Chronic Liver
Disease-Related Thrombocytopenia (CLDT). TPIAO has the advantages of higher efficacy, faster platelet recovery and fewer side
effects as compared to alternative treatments.


TPIAO has been listed on the National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-Related Injury Insurance and
Maternity Insurance (《國家基本醫療保險、工傷保險和生育保險藥品目錄》) (“NRDL”) as a Class B Drug for the treatment of CIT in
patients with solid tumors or ITP since 2017. Currently, rhTPO has been included in over 70 clinical guidelines and expert consensus
documents in various treatment fields such as oncology, hematology and organ transplantation, and holds significant clinical value.


Future growth of TPIAO may be driven by: (i) its enhanced market position among inpatients, attributable to its safety and efficacy
profile and its continued displacement of traditional interleukin (IL) platelet-raising drugs in clinical use; (ii) the continued increase in
the number of hospitals covered; and (iii) the expansion of approved indications. In December 2025, TPIAO in the treatment of CLDT
has been approved by the NMPA.


EPIAO


EPIAO is approved by the NMPA for the following three indications: the treatment of anemia associated with chronic kidney
disease (CKD), the treatment of chemotherapy-induced anemia (CIA), and the reduction of allogeneic blood transfusion in surgery
patients. rhEPO products have been listed on the NRDL as a Class B Drug for renal anemia since 2000, for CIA in patients with
non-hematological malignancies since 2019, and, for the increase in allogeneic blood transfusion in surgery patients since 2024.
EPIAO has also been listed on the 2018 National Essential Drug List. Currently, rhEPO has been included in more than 10 clinical
guidelines and expert consensus documents across areas including hematology and nephrology. EPIAO has consistently been the
premier market leader in the Mainland China rhEPO market since 2002 in terms of both sales volume and sales value. The multi-
center biosimilar clinical trials for EPIAO in Russia and Thailand were completed in 2021. These trials demonstrate that EPIAO
has promising effectiveness and manageable safety in patients with end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis. EPIAO has been
registered in over 10 countries in Asia, Europe, South and North America, and is in the process of registration in more countries.


NuPIAO


NuPIAO (Loncipoetin alfa Injection) has been approved by the NMPA for the treatment of adult dialysis patients receiving
erythropoiesis-stimulating therapy. As a highly-glycosylated recombinant protein product, NuPIAO features an optimised molecular
structure achieved through genetic recombination technology, which reduces immunogenicity, extends the half-life, and enables a
biweekly dosing regimen. This significantly reduces the frequency of administration, greatly improves patient adherence, and offers
clinicians a more convenient treatment option. Currently, NuPIAO has entered the preliminary review list for inclusion in the 2026
NRDL.


                                                                                                                Interim Report 2026        7
Management Discussion and Analysis




Yisaipu


Yisaipu (Recombinant Human TNF- Receptor II: IgG Fc Fusion Protein for Injection), is a TNF- inhibitor product. It was first
launched in 2005 in Mainland China for rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Its indications were expanded to ankylosing spondylitis (AS) and
psoriasis in 2007. The pre-filled syringe of Yisaipu, launched in 2023, improves patient convenience and enhances the overall market
competitiveness of Yisaipu. Yisaipu has been listed on the NRDL as a Class B Drug since 2017 for RA and for AS, each subject to
certain medical prerequisites, and additionally, since 2019 for the treatment of adult patients with severe plaque psoriasis. Yisaipu is
the first-to-market TNF- inhibitor product in Mainland China that filled a gap among domestic peers in the area of the fully-human
therapeutic antibody-drugs. Compared with competitors, the efficacy and safety of Yisaipu have been proven in the domestic
market over two decades.


The Group’s specialized Yisaipu marketing team is supported by a comprehensive sales network. In response to the pricing
pressure arising from VBP (Volume-Based Procurement), the Group will continue to enhance awareness and application of Yisaipu
within the medical profession, and foster market growth of rheumatic immune biological agents in key third and fourth tier cities.
The Group will also actively expand the application of Yisaipu across different departments and clinical fields, including Chinese
traditional medicine.


Cipterbin


Cipterbin (Inetetamab) is the first innovative anti-HER2 monoclonal antibody (mAb) in Mainland China with the engineered Fc region
and optimized production process. Sunshine Guojian independently developed this product based on its proprietary technology
platform. It was approved by the NMPA in June 2020 for treatment of HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer in combination with
chemotherapy. Cipterbin has been listed on the NRDL since 2020. Since its launch, Inetetamab has been included in several clinical
guidelines and expert consensus. As recommended by the Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology Guidelines for the Diagnosis and
Treatment of Breast Cancer, Inetetamab serves as the backbone anti-HER2 agent for the entire course of treatment in patients with
advanced breast cancer.


Yisaituo


Yisaituo (Amdokitug Injection), a humanized mAb targeting IL-17, was officially approved by the NMPA in February 2026 for the
treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy.
Supported by multiple large-scale clinical trials, Yisaituo has demonstrated outstanding core advantages, including excellent
skin lesion clearance, rapid onset of action, low immunogenicity, favorable safety and tolerability, and convenient administration.
Currently, IL-17 inhibitors have been recommended in the “Guidelines for the Treatment of Psoriasis with Biologics and Small
Molecule Drugs in China” for first-line treatment of moderate to severe psoriasis. Yisaituo has been included in the preliminary review
list for inclusion in the 2026 NRDL.




8       3S BIO INC.
                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis




Mandi (蔓迪®) minoxidil


Mandi (蔓迪®) minoxidil tincture was launched in 2001 as the first over-the-counter (OTC) drug in Mainland China for androgenetic
alopecia (AGA) and alopecia areata. Minoxidil is the world’s only topical OTC drug for male and female alopecia that is approved for
marketing by the U.S. FDA. The topical minoxidil can promote hair growth through: (i) promoting angiogenesis to increase regional
blood supply and dilate scalp vascular, so as to improve microcirculation; (ii) directly stimulating proliferation and differentiation of
hair follicle epithelial cells to extend hair growth cycle; and (iii) regulating the balance between calcium ion and potassium ion. In the
“Guideline for Diagnosis and Treatment of Androgenetic Alopecia” issued by Chinese Medical Doctor Association, minoxidil receives
the highest level of endorsement, as it is superior to other AGA treatments in terms of anti-alopecia and improvement effects and
safety. In “Chinese Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Female Androgenetic Alopecia” (issued by the CMA), 5%
minoxidil also receives the highest level of endorsement for the treatment of female androgenetic alopecia (FAGA).


In the first half of 2026, Mandi still had a dominant position in the Mainland China hair loss drug market. The Group believes that
Mandi’s continued growth will be driven by: (i) sustained market education, as the Group will continue to invest resources in
promoting awareness of the science of hair growth and enhancing recognition of Mandi as the leading scientific hair-growth brand;
(ii) professional digital marketing system, as Mandi expands its online presence from traditional e-commerce platforms such as Ali,
JD, to new e-commerce platforms like TikTok store and RedNote, enabling diversified and fine-tuned operation to accurately reach
and convert potential customers, thereby continuously boosting sales on e-commerce platforms; and (iii) launch of new SKUs of the
brand. Mandi foam is currently the only minoxidil foam that is approved for marketing in Mainland China.


CDMO Business

The Group’s contract development and manufacturing operation (CDMO) business currently comprises Northern Medicine Valley
Desen (Shenyang) Biologics Co., Ltd. (“Desen Biologics”), Shanghai Shengguo Pharmaceutical Development Co., Ltd., Guangdong
Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Guangdong Sunshine”) and Sirton Pharmaceuticals S.p.A. (“Sirton”) in Italy, all being the
Group’s subsidiaries. Among them, Desen Biologics has a total planned area of 500 Chinese mu, designed as a biopharmaceutical
CDMO base, a manufacturing base of biopharmaceutical raw and auxiliary materials and consumables, and a biopharmaceutical
core process equipment base that are domestically-leading, oriented to the international market and compliant with relevant
Chinese, EU and U.S. Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) regulations. Guangdong Sunshine focuses on services in GCT (Gene
and Cell Therapy).


Research and Development

The Group’s integrated R&D platform covers a broad range of technical expertise in the discovery and development of various
innovative large and small molecule products, including antibody discovery, molecular cloning, antibody/protein engineering,
gene expression, cell line construction, manufacturing process development, pilot and large-scale manufacturing, quality control
and assurance, design and management of pre-clinical and clinical trials, and regulatory filing and registration. The Group is well
experienced in the R&D of mammalian cell-expressed, bacterial cell-expressed and chemically-synthesized pharmaceuticals.


The Group’s R&D division, consisting of nearly 840 experienced scientists, is working diligently to research and discover new
medicines, to accelerate the progress of clinical development, and to bring breakthrough therapies to fulfill the unmet medical needs
of patients.


                                                                                                              Interim Report 2026       9
Management Discussion and Analysis




R&D Pipeline


The Group focuses its R&D efforts on researching and developing innovative biologicals. As at 30 June 2026, the Group has 25 key
product candidates in the areas of nephrology, oncology, auto-immune and inflammatory diseases, hematology, ophthalmology,
dermatological and metabolic diseases.


Notes to R&D Pipeline Chart (below):


(1)         Each arrow bar indicates the progress in Mainland China, while the remarks next to certain arrow bars indicate the progress in other countries, including the U.S.
            and Australia;


(2)         The chart only displays the highest clinical stage of all the indications of a product candidate.


(3)         New Drug Application (NDA)


(4)         IND



Pipeline Chart

  Therapeutic
                                 Candidates                     Pre-clinical   IND     Phase I              Phase II      Phase III                            NDA
     Area
                                 SSS06 Long-acting rhEPO*                                                                                                                            10
      Nephrology                       Remitch-CLD pruritus
                                  SSS55 C3b Bifunctional FP                                                                                                                         IND& Phase I
                     SSS68 Long-acting anti-April/BAFF BsAb                               U.S. IND
                                              rhTPO -CLDT                                                                   FDA Approval Bridging Trial
                                   707 anti-PD1/VEGF BsAb                                                                                    License out to Pfizer
                                    705 anti-PD1/Her2 BsAb                                                                   U.S. IND

      Hematology
         and
                                   706 anti-PD1/PDL1 BsAb
                                   708 anti-PD1/TGF-β BsAb
                                                                                                                             U.S. IND
                                                                                                                             U.S. IND
                                                                                                                                                                                      5
       Oncology
                                   709 anti-PD1/LAG 3 BsAb                                                              Ph I in Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                       Phase II
                             SPGL008 anti-B7H3 Ab/IL15 FP
                       SSS57 Long-acting ActRIIB-lg Trap FP
                                         608 anti-IL17A Ab**
                                         601A anti-VEGF Ab                                                                                                                    NDA



 Auto-immune,
                                            613 anti-IL1 β Ab
                                          611 anti-IL4R α Ab
                                                                                                                                                                NDA Approved
                                                                                                                                                                 U.S. IND     NDA
                                                                                                                                                                                      6
 Ophthalmology                               610 anti-IL5 Ab
   and others                            626 anti-BDCA2 Ab                                                   U.S. IND                                                                  Phase III
                                           627 anti-TL1A Ab                                                  U.S. IND
                               716 anti-OX40L/IL31RA BsAb                                        U.S. IND
                                         SSS11 Pegsiticase



  Dermatology
                             SSS39 Rapamycin Nanoparticle
                                       WS2403 Semaglutide                                                                                                                    NDA      4
                                       WS204 Clascoterone                                                                                                 Antibody/Fusion Protein
      and
  Metabolism                    Minoxidil Foam-Female AGA                                                                                                 Others                    NDA Submitted/
                           SSS67 anti-ActRIIA/ActRIIB BsAb                                       U.S. IND                                                 Small Molecule              Approved



*SSS06:            NDA for the treatment of adult dialysis patients undergoing erythropoietin therapy has been approved, phase II clinical targeting CIA is in process.
**608:             NDA for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis was approved, the phase III clinical trial for patients with non-radiographic axial spondylitis is in
                   process.



Leveraging more than thirty years of experience in biopharmaceuticals R&D, the Group has deployed a number of early discovery
projects in hematology, oncology and autoimmune fields, covering several innovative targets, which provide a long-term strategic
reserve for the Group’s R&D pipeline.




10            3S BIO INC.
                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




Key Product Developments


(Unless otherwise noted, this section headed “Key Product Developments” addresses the developments in Mainland China.)


— New Drug Application


Anti-IL-17A mAb (608): 608 in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis was approved for marketing in February 2026.
Patient enrollment for the phase III clinical study of 608 for the treatment of ankylosing spondylitis has been completed. The phase
II clinical trial of 608 for patients with non-radiographic axial spondylitis has been completed with positive results and the first patient
has been enrolled in the phase III clinical trial for this indication.


Eltrombopag (SSS20): SSS20 in patients with ITP and Severe Aplastic Anemia (SAA) was approved for marketing in March 2026.


NuPIAO (Loncipoetin alfa Injection, SSS06): The NDA for SSS06 has been approved for marketing by the NMPA for the treatment of
adult dialysis patients undergoing erythropoietin therapy with a biweekly dosing interval. Moreover, patient enrollment for the phase
II clinical study of SSS06 targeting CIA has also been completed.


Anti-IL-1  mAb (613): 613 for the treatment of acute gouty arthritis (AG) was successfully approved for marketing in August 2026.
Additionally, the phase II clinical trial treating patients in the intermittent phase of gouty arthritis (PGF) is currently ongoing.


Anti-IL-4R  mAb (611): The NDA of 611 in adult patients with atopic dermatitis (AD) was accepted for review in February 2026.
The primary endpoint of the phase III clinical trial for chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps (CRSwNP) has been achieved with
significant efficacy. The phase II clinical trial of 611 for moderate-to-severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) has
been completed, and the phase III clinical trial for this indication is currently ongoing. Furthermore, the phase II clinical trial of 611 in
adolescent AD indication has been completed with positive results, and all patients have been enrolled in the phase III clinical trial for
this product, while the phase III clinical trial for children with moderate-to-severe AD has been initiated. The interim analysis results
of the phase III clinical trial of 611 in combination with TCS for the treatment of adult patients with moderate-to-severe AD have met
the primary endpoint.


Anti-VEGF mAb (601A): The NDA of 601A for BRVO was accepted for review in October 2025.




                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2026     11
Management Discussion and Analysis




— Phase III development


Anti-IL-5 mAb (610): The patient enrollment for the phase III clinical trial of 610 for the treatment of adult patients with severe
eosinophilic asthma has been completed, and the patient enrollment for the phase III clinical trial for the adolescent severe
eosinophilic asthma indication is ongoing, with phase II data indicating positive efficacy outcomes.


Semaglutide Injection (WS2403): The NDA of WS2403 in weight management indication was accepted for review by the NMPA in
July 2026.


Clascoterone (WS204): The phase III bridging clinical trial of WS204 for treatment of moderate-to-severe acne vulgaris is ongoing.


TPIAO (rhTPO Injection): TPIAO received approval from the U.S. FDA in July 2026 to conduct an overseas bridging trial for the
treatment of CLDT. This marks the first registrational clinical trial for TPIAO outside of China. Preparations for clinical trial initiation are
now in progress.


— Phase II development


Anti-PD-1/HER2 BsAb (705): It is an anti-programmed cell death protein 1 (PD-1)/HER2 BsAb independently developed by the
Group. It simultaneously inhibits the PD-1/PD-L1 signaling pathway and the HER2 signaling pathway, integrating the mechanisms
of action of targeted therapy and immunotherapy, thus having the potential to achieve enhanced tumor immune surveillance. The
patient enrollment for the phase II clinical trial of 705 for HER-2 positive advanced solid tumors is currently ongoing in Mainland
China; the IND application of 705 has been approved by the U.S. FDA.


Anti-PD-1/PD-L1 BsAb (706): It is an anti-PD-1/PD-L1 BsAb independently developed by the Group. It simultaneously targets PD-1
and PD-L1 and can effectively avoid the mismatch of BsAb with good physicochemical properties. The patient enrollment for the
phase II clinical trial of 706 for advanced solid tumors is currently ongoing in Mainland China; the IND application of 706 has been
approved by the U.S. FDA.


Anti-TL1A Ab (627): It is a tumor necrosis factor-like ligand 1A (TL1A) targeting mAb independently developed by Sunshine Guojian.
The Group has initiated the phase II clinical trial of 627 for ulcerative colitis (UC) in Mainland China. The U.S. IND application for UC
indication has also been approved by the U.S. FDA.


Anti-BDCA2 Ab (626): It is an anti-blood dendritic cell antigen 2 (BDCA2) antibody independently developed by Sunshine Guojian.
The Group has completed the phase Ia clinical trial of 626 with positive safety and PK/PD data in Mainland China, while patient
enrollment for the phase Ib clinical trial of 626 for SLE has been completed, and phase II clinical trials for SLE and CLE are being
initiated. The U.S. IND applications for 626 for systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and Cutaneous Lupus Erythematosus (CLE)
have both been approved.




12      3S BIO INC.
                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis




— Phase I development and new IND applications


Anti-PD-1/TGF- BsAb (708): It is an anti-PD-1/transforming growth factor  (TGF-) BsAb independently developed by the Group.
The phase I clinical trial of 708 for advanced solid tumors is currently ongoing.


Anti-PD-1/LAG3 BsAb (709): It is an anti-PD-1/lymphocyte activation gene-3 (LAG3) BsAb independently developed by the Group.
The phase I clinical trial of 709 for advanced solid tumors is currently ongoing in Australia. In Mainland China, the IND application for
advanced solid tumors has been approved by the Center for Drug Evaluation (“CDE”) of the NMPA, while patient enrollment for the
phase I clinical trial of 709 in Australia has been completed and has been initiated in Mainland China, respectively.


Anti-B7H3 Ab/IL15R  sushi-IL15 Fusion Protein (SPGL008): SPGL008 is a bi-functional molecule in which an anti-B7H3 mAb with
a novel structure and sequence is conjugated to IL-15R  sushi-IL-15. The phase I clinical trial of SPGL008 for advanced solid tumor is
currently ongoing.


C3b-targeting Bi-functional Fusion Protein (SSS55): The phase I clinical trial of SSS55 for paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH)
and complement-mediated kidney disease (CMKD) is currently ongoing. The IND application for periodontitis indication has been
approved by the CDE.


Long-acting ActRIIB-lg Trap (SSS57): It is an activin receptor IIB ligand trap (ActRIIB-lg Trap) independently developed by the Group.
The phase I clinical trials of SSS57 for myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) related anemia and -thalassemia are currently ongoing.


Anti-ActRIIA/ActRIIB BsAb (SSS67): SSS67 is a tetravalent BsAb independently developed by the Group. It is able to simultaneously
bind to both ActRIIA and ActRIIB receptors, thereby regulating fat metabolism and muscle synthesis pathways to achieve the dual
effects of reducing fat and increasing muscle mass. The Mainland China and U.S. IND applications of SSS67 for overweight or
obesity have been approved by the CDE and the FDA respectively, while patient enrollment for the phase I clinical trial of SSS67 in
Mainland China has been initiated.


Long-acting anti-April/BAFF BsAb (SSS68): SSS68 is a long-acting anti-A proliferation-inducing ligand (April)/B cell activating factor
(BAFF) innovative tetravalent BsAb independently developed by the Group. The Group has submitted the Mainland China and
U.S. IND applications for SSS68, while the U.S. IND application for IgA nephropathy has been approved by the FDA, and patient
enrollment for the phase I clinical trial of SSS68 in Mainland China has been initiated.


Sales, Marketing and Distribution


The Group’s sales and marketing efforts are characterized by a strong emphasis on academic promotion. The Group aims to
promote and strengthen the Group’s academic recognition and the brand awareness of its products among medical experts. The
Group markets and promotes its key products mainly through its in-house team. The Group sells these products to distributors who
are responsible for delivering products to hospitals and other medical institutions. Mandi is also sold through online stores and retail
pharmacies.



                                                                                                             Interim Report 2026       13
Management Discussion and Analysis




As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s extensive sales and distribution network in Mainland China was supported by 2,867 sales and
marketing employees. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s products were sold in nearly 3,400 Grade III hospitals and over 6,200
Grade II or lower hospitals and medical institutions across all provinces, autonomous regions and special municipalities in Mainland
China. In addition, EPIAO, TPIAO, Yisaipu, SEPO and some of the Group’s other products are exported to a number of countries
through international promoters. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s products were sold in 39 overseas markets, including
Thailand, Brazil, the Philippines and Pakistan.


Outlook


In the first half of 2026, the National Healthcare Security Administration sustained its policy support for innovative pharmaceuticals.
In May, the annual adjustment plan for the “dual catalogue” of medical insurance and commercial insurance innovative drugs
was officially released. For the first time, the plan established a pre-application mechanism, thereby shortening the waiting period
from drug approval to reimbursement inclusion. The plan also unblocked the connection channel between the commercial
insurance innovative drug catalogue and the basic medical insurance catalogue, creating a more accommodating payment access
environment for “genuine innovations”. Coupled with the formal implementation of the first edition of the Catalogue of Innovative
Drugs for Commercial Health Insurance effective January 2026, the payment capacity of the multi-tiered medical security system for
high-value innovative pharmaceuticals has been substantially expanded. This policy mix has, at a strategic level, provided a more
favourable development environment for the life-cycle of China’s innovative pharmaceutical industry.


Looking back on the first half of 2026, the Group actively responded to the policy requirements for innovation-driven development
and continued to focus on the research and development of innovative pharmaceuticals. During the Reporting Period, the Group
accelerated the development of its R&D system, expanded its R&D division to approximately 840 scientists, and advanced a pipeline
of 25 key product candidates under development. In the auto-immune disease area, the Group achieved full coverage of major
targets and strategically positioned itself in next-generation technology platforms, including T Cell Engager (TCE) and in-vivo CAR-T.
In the oncology area, the Group established a presence in novel drug modalities such as multi-specific antibodies, antibody-fusion
proteins, TCE and ADC, while also making forward-looking arrangements in emerging modalities, including radio-pharmaceutical
drug conjugates (RDC) and gene and cell therapies, through investments and collaborations. The Group places emphasis on AI-
assisted drug discovery and development, having built proprietary models for drug development using its own data, which are
applied across multiple stages, including candidate molecule screening and clinical development.


In the commercialization front, the Group’s self-developed innovative drugs, Yisaituo® (Amdokitug Injection) (安沐奇塔單抗注
射液) and NuPIAO® (新比澳®) (Loncipoetin alfa Injection) (羅賽促紅素注射液), were successively granted marketing approval
in the first half of 2026, thereby covering more patients with unmet clinical needs. In the meantime, the marketing of existing
drugs encountered interim pressure arising from the reform of healthcare insurance payment and the deepening of centralized
procurement, resulting in fluctuations in hospital sales of existing products. The Group is currently undertaking specialized and
compliant market access works and academic promotion activities to maintain the market position of its core products.




14      3S BIO INC.
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




Looking ahead to the second half of 2026, the Group will continue to exert efforts on the three main fronts of commercialization,
R&D of new drug and external collaboration. On the commercialization front, it will focus on advancing the expert network
construction for Yisaituo® in the psoriasis field, promoting the treatment protocol iteration for NuPIAO® in dialysis centers, and
synergistically promoting Teaisheng® (特艾升®) along TPIAO® to build a complete product matrix for thrombocytopenia. The Group
also anticipates further new products coming to market in the second half of 2026. On the R&D strategy front, the Group will focus
on core therapeutic areas including oncology, immunology, nephrology, metabolism and dermatology, continuously advancing the
development of mid-to-late-stage pipeline products, strengthening early-stage research capability building, enriching innovative
molecular types, and accelerating molecular development speed. On the external collaboration front, the Group will continue to
practice the dual-track strategy of independent R&D and global collaboration running in parallel; on the one hand, actively seeking
collaboration opportunities for the Group’s proprietary pipeline assets with global multinational companies, and on the other hand,
broadly evaluating mergers and acquisitions and in-license opportunities in the innovative drug field to supplement pipeline assets.
Based on over thirty years of industry accumulation, the Group will continue to uphold the mission of “making innovative biologics
accessible”, responding to short-term operational fluctuations, firmly investing in long-term innovation capability building, and
creating lasting value for patients and shareholders.



FINANCIAL REVIEW

Revenue


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB4,526.0 million, as compared to approximately
RMB4,355.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing an increase of approximately RMB170.5 million, or
approximately 3.9%.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales of biopharmaceuticals decreased to approximately RMB3,443.0 million, as compared
to approximately RMB4,266.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing a decrease of approximately RMB823.9
million, or approximately 19.3%. The decrease was primarily attributable to the impact of healthcare insurance policies, VBP and
value added tax policy adjustment.


The Group’s out-license income was RMB851.6 million for the Reporting Period, while there was no such revenue for the six months
ended 30 June 2025. The significant increase was mainly attributable to the milestone payments received during the Reporting
Period in the licensing transaction with Pfizer for the Group’s product candidate 707.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from CDMO business increased to approximately RMB231.4 million, as compared
to approximately RMB88.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing an increase of approximately RMB142.7
million, or approximately 160.9%. The increase was mainly attributable to the increased CDMO orders from customers.




                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026      15
Management Discussion and Analysis




Cost of Sales


The Group’s cost of sales increased from approximately RMB639.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to approximately
RMB731.4 million for the Reporting Period, which accounted for approximately 16.2% of the Group’s total revenue for the same
period. The increase in the Group’s cost of sales was due to the increased production costs related to product candidate 707 for
the Reporting Period.


Gross Profit


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s gross profit increased to approximately RMB3,794.6 million, as compared to approximately
RMB3,715.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing an increase of approximately RMB78.8 million,
or approximately 2.1%. The Group’s gross profit margin decreased to approximately 83.8% for the Reporting Period from
approximately 85.3% for the corresponding period in 2025.


Other income and net (losses)/gains


The Group’s other income and net (losses)/gains mainly comprised government grants, interest income, net foreign exchange
differences, fair value changes on financial instruments and other miscellaneous income. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s
other income and net (losses)/gains decreased to approximately RMB-73.6 million, as compared to approximately RMB408.3 million
for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing a decrease of approximately RMB481.9 million. The decrease was mainly
attributable to the foreign exchange losses during the Reporting Period.


Selling and Distribution Expenses


The Group’s selling and distribution expenses primarily consisted of marketing and promotion expenses, staff costs, transportation
expenses, consulting fees and other miscellaneous selling and distribution expenses. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s selling
and distribution expenses amounted to approximately RMB1,206.7 million, as compared to approximately RMB1,615.9 million for
the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing a decrease of approximately RMB409.2 million, or approximately 25.3%. In terms
of the percentage of revenue, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses decreased from approximately 37.1% for the six months
ended 30 June 2025 to approximately 26.7% for the Reporting Period.


Administrative Expenses


The Group’s administrative expenses consisted of staff costs, professional fees, depreciation and amortization, property expenses,
share-based compensation, and other miscellaneous administrative expenses. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s administrative
expenses amounted to approximately RMB267.8 million, as compared to approximately RMB283.4 million for the six months ended
30 June 2025, representing a decrease of approximately RMB15.6 million, or approximately 5.5%. The administrative expenses as a
percentage of revenue represented approximately 5.9% for the Reporting Period and approximately 6.5% for the six months ended
30 June 2025.



16     3S BIO INC.
                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis




R&D Costs


The Group’s R&D costs primarily consisted of staff costs, materials consumption, clinical trials costs, depreciation and amortisation,
and other miscellaneous R&D expenses. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s R&D costs amounted to approximately RMB683.8
million, as compared to approximately RMB547.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing an increase of
approximately RMB136.3 million, or approximately 24.9%. The increase was mainly due to the speed-up of the Group’s R&D
projects. The R&D costs accounted for approximately 15.1% of revenue for the Reporting Period, as compared to approximately
12.6% for the corresponding period in 2025.


Other Expenses


The Group’s other expenses primarily consisted of donation expenses, provision for impairment of financial assets, losses on
disposal of items of property, plant and equipment, and other miscellaneous expenses. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s other
expenses amounted to approximately RMB94.5 million, as compared to approximately RMB25.5 million for the six months ended
30 June 2025, representing an increase of approximately RMB69.0 million,which was primarily attributable to the increase of the
provision for impairment of financial assets.


Finance Costs


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s finance costs amounted to approximately RMB30.9 million, as compared to approximately
RMB53.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing a decrease of approximately RMB22.1 million, or
approximately 41.7%. The decrease was mainly due to that certain bonds payable have been repaid without any related interest
expenses for the Reporting Period.


Income Tax Expense


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s income tax expense amounted to approximately RMB223.8 million, as compared to
approximately RMB233.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing a decrease of approximately RMB9.3 million,
or approximately 4.0%. The effective tax rates for the Reporting Period and the corresponding period in 2025 were 15.6% and
14.4%, respectively.


EBITDA and Net Profit Attributable to Equity Shareholders of the Company


The EBITDA for the Reporting Period decreased by approximately RMB323.8 million or approximately 17.7% to approximately
RMB1,508.7 million, as compared to approximately RMB1832.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The EBITDA
adjusted for non-operating items is defined as the EBITDA for the period excluding the Excluded Items. The Group’s EBITDA
adjusted for non-operating items for the Reporting Period increased by approximately RMB188.2 million or approximately 11.7% to
approximately RMB1,798.3 million, as compared to approximately RMB1,610.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.




                                                                                                          Interim Report 2026       17
Management Discussion and Analysis




The net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB1,146.6 million, as
compared to approximately RMB1,358.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing a decrease of approximately
RMB211.6 million, or approximately 15.6%. The net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company adjusted for non-
operating items is defined as the profit for the period excluding the Excluded Items. The Group’s net profit attributable to equity
shareholders of the Company adjusted for non-operating items for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB1,436.3 million, as
compared to approximately RMB1,135.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing an increase of approximately
RMB300.5 million, or approximately 26.5%.


Earnings Per Share


The basic earnings per share for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB0.45, as compared to approximately RMB0.57 for
the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing a decrease of approximately 21.1%.


Financial Assets Measured at Fair Value


As at 30 June 2026, financial assets measured at fair value primarily comprised the investment in treasury or cash management
products issued by certain banks, the investments in listed companies and the investments in private equity funds which focus on
the healthcare industry.


The treasury or cash management products subscribed by the Group for treasury management purposes from time to time
during the Reporting Period included wealth management products offered by various independent commercial banks. For further
information, please refer to the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis – Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources –
Significant Investments Held” in this report, which relates the Group’s subscriptions from independent commercial banks.



LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

The Group’s liquidity remained strong. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s operating activities generated a net cash inflow
of approximately RMB899.4 million, as compared to approximately RMB969.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025,
representing a decrease of RMB70.2 million or approximately 7.2%. The decrease was mainly attributable to the increase in other
cash payments relating to operating activities. As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, current non-pledged
time deposits and current pledged deposits were approximately RMB12,469.2 million.


Net Current Assets


As at 30 June 2026, the Group had net current assets of approximately RMB17,233.8 million, as compared to net current assets of
approximately RMB18,255.1 million as at 31 December 2025. The current ratio of the Group was approximately 6.1 as at 30 June
2026, as compared to approximately 5.1 at 31 December 2025. The decrease in net current assets was mainly attributable to the
purchase of long-term non-pledged time deposits. The increase in current ratio was mainly attributable to the lower current liabilities
which was brought by the decrease in interest-bearing bank borrowings in 2026.


18     3S BIO INC.
                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis




Funding and Treasury Policies, Borrowing and Pledge of Assets


The Group’s finance department is responsible for the funding and treasury policies with regard to the overall business operation of
the Group. The Company expects to fund its working capital and other capital requirements from a combination of various sources,
including but not limited to internal financing and external financing at reasonable market rates. The Group continues to seek ways
to improve the return of equity and assets while maintaining a prudent funding and treasury policy.


As at 30 June 2026, the Group had an aggregate interest-bearing bank borrowing of approximately RMB1,320.6 million, as
compared to approximately RMB2,553.9 million as at 31 December 2025. The decrease in bank borrowings primarily reflected
the repayment of loans of RMB1,533.9 million, which was partially offset by the additional bank loans of approximately RMB302.1
million, during the Reporting Period. Among the short-term deposits, none was pledged to secure the aforementioned bank loans as
at 30 June 2026.


Gearing Ratio


The gearing ratio of the Group, which was calculated by dividing the total borrowings, lease liabilities, financial liabilities and bonds
by the total equity, decreased to approximately 5.7% as at 30 June 2026 from approximately 9.8% as at 31 December 2025. The
decrease was primarily due to the decrease in interest-bearing bank borrowings during the Reporting Period.


Charge on Assets


As at 30 June 2026, the Group had charge on assets of approximately RMB31.6 million (31 December 2025: RMB34.4 million).


Contingent Liabilities


As at 30 June 2026, the Group had no significant contingent liabilities.


Commitments


The Group’s capital commitment amounted to approximately RMB328.4 million as at 30 June 2026, as compared to approximately
RMB151.6 million as at 31 December 2025.




                                                                                                             Interim Report 2026       19
Management Discussion and Analysis




Foreign Exchange and Exchange Rate Risk


The Group mainly operates in Mainland China, with all material aspects of its regular business conducted in Renminbi other than:
(i) the operations of Sirton; and (ii) the Group’s exports, which amounted to approximately RMB83.8 million, or approximately 1.9%
of the Group’s revenue, for the Reporting Period. Except for the operations of Sirton, the Group’s exports, possible international
deal expenditures (such as expenditures related to international licensing and acquisitions), and foreign currency denominated bank
borrowings and bank deposits, the Group believes that it does not have any other material direct exposure to foreign exchange
fluctuations. As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s foreign currency denominated bank deposits primarily comprised: (i) approximately
USD1,013.6 million (equivalent to approximately RMB6,903.6 million); (ii) approximately Hong Kong Dollar (“HKD”) 1,466.0 million
(equivalent to approximately RMB1,273.4 million); (iii) approximately EUR3.8 million (equivalent to approximately RMB29.4 million);
and (iv) approximately CHF182.4 million (equivalent to approximately RMB1,536.3 million). The Group expects that the fluctuation of
the Renminbi exchange rate will not have a material adverse effect on the operations of the Group in the foreseeable future.


Significant Acquisitions and Disposals


During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures.


Significant Investments Held


As at 30 June 2026, the Group did not hold any significant investments. As at 30 June 2026, the Group held (i) equity investments
measured at fair value of approximately RMB889.1 million; and (ii) wealth management products issued by various independent
commercial banks, which were classified as financial assets at FVTPL, together with derivative financial instruments, of approximately
RMB5,185.2 million. None of such investments, whether held in any entities, or any products issued by the same commercial bank
or group of commercial banks, individually or in aggregate, represented 5% or more of the total assets of the Group as at 30 June
2026.


Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Assets


The Group estimates that its total capital expenditure over the next three years will range from RMB1,000 million to RMB1,200
million. This expected capital expenditure will primarily be incurred for the maintenance of the Group’s existing facilities and the
expansion of its production capabilities. The Group expects to finance its capital expenditure through a combination of internally
generated funds and bank borrowings.




20      3S BIO INC.
                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis




EMPLOYEES AND EMOLUMENTS POLICY

As at 30 June 2026, the Group employed a total of 6,068 employees, as compared to a total of 6,109 employees as at 31
December 2025. Staff costs, including Directors’ emoluments but excluding any contributions to the pension scheme, were
approximately RMB849.5 million for the Reporting Period, compared with approximately RMB809.8 million for the corresponding
period in 2025. The Group generally structures its employees’ remuneration package to include salary, bonus, equity compensation,
and allowance elements. The compensation programs are designed to remunerate and reward the employees based on their
performance, measured against specified objective criteria. The Group also provides welfare benefits in accordance with applicable
regulations and its internal policies.


Following the expiry of the share option scheme (adopted by the Company in May 2015) (“2015 Option Scheme”) and the
termination of the share award scheme (adopted by the Company in July 2019) (“2019 Share Award Scheme”), the Company has
adopted a new share award scheme (“2025 Share Award Scheme”) and a new share option scheme (“2025 Option Scheme”) in
June 2025 (collectively, the “2025 Share Schemes”). Other incentive initiatives such as cash awards have also been put in place,
all of which are intended to incentivise and reward eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. In
addition, Sunshine Guojian has adopted two restricted share incentive plans respectively in February 2021 and in July 2024, and
Mandi Inc. has adopted an equity incentive plan in October 2025. There is also a gratuitous incentive scheme set up by founding
and management members of the Group that serves to recognise employees’ contributions.



USE OF PROCEEDS

2025 Subscription of New Shares by Pfizer

On 24 July 2025, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Pfizer. Completion of the subscription took place on
1 August 2025. A total of 31,142,500 ordinary shares of the Company (ordinary share(s) of USD0.00001 each in the issued share
capital of the Company, “Share(s)”) were successfully issued to Pfizer at the subscription price of HKD25.2055 per Share.


The aggregate gross proceeds from the subscription amounted to approximately HKD785.0 million and the net proceeds arising
from the subscription amounted to approximately HKD785.0 million, after deduction of relevant costs and expenses. As disclosed
in the Company’s announcement dated 24 July 2025, the Company intends to use (i) approximately HKD628.0 million (representing
80% of the net proceeds) for the global R&D arrangement of clinical and preclinical programs within its pipeline, as well as to the
enhancement of manufacturing facilities; and (ii) approximately HKD157.0 million (representing 20% of the net proceeds) for other
general corporate purposes.


For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 24 July 2025 and 1 August 2025.


Approximately HKD57.6 million was utilized as intended during the Reporting Period. The remaining HKD657.4 million is expected
to be fully utilized for the intended purposes in the next three years.




                                                                                                          Interim Report 2026      21
Management Discussion and Analysis




2025 Placing of New Shares


On 9 December 2025, an aggregate of 105,169,500 Shares (any one or more such Shares, “Placing Shares”, the placing of such
Shares, “Placing”) were placed by the placing agent to not less than six placees at the placing price of HKD29.62 per Placing
Share.


The gross proceeds and net proceeds (after deducting the placing commission and other related expenses and professional fees)
from the Placing amounted to approximately HKD3,115.12 million and HKD3,086.84 million, respectively.


As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 9 December 2025, the Company intends to use: (i) approximately 80% or
HKD2,469.47 million for R&D-related expenditures, including: (a) advancing clinical research in Mainland China and the United
States on innovative drug candidates in the R&D stage to accelerate pipeline progress; (b) supporting indication expansions or
clinical trials outside of Mainland China for commercialised drugs to further enhance product value and expand market reach; and (c)
building the global infrastructure and facilities; and (ii) approximately 20% or HKD617.37 million for working capital and other general
corporate purposes to support the Group’s ongoing operations and strategic initiatives.


For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 2 December 2025 and 9 December 2025.


Approximately HKD392.6 million was utilized as intended during the Reporting Period. The remaining HKD2,664.4 million is
expected to be fully utilized for the intended purposes in the next three years.




22       3S BIO INC.
                                  Corporate Governance and
                                           Other Information
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of the shareholders of the
Company and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has applied the principles and code provisions as set
out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the
“HKEx Listing Rules”) on the HKEx as its own code of corporate governance.


Except as expressly described below, the Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code
during the Reporting Period.


Separation of the Roles of the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer


Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, companies listed on the HKEx are expected to comply with, but may choose to
deviate from, the requirement that the responsibilities between the chairman and the chief executive officer should be segregated
and should not be performed by the same individual. The Company does not have a separate chairman and a separate chief
executive officer. Dr. LOU Jing currently performs these two roles. The Board believes that vesting both the roles of chairman and
chief executive officer in the same person has the benefit of ensuring consistent leadership within the Group and facilitating a more
effective and efficient overall strategic planning for the Group. The Board considers that the balance of power and authority for the
present arrangement will not be impaired and this structure will enable the Company to make and implement decisions promptly
and effectively. In addition, all major decisions are made in consultation with members of the Board, including the relevant Board
committees and independent non-executive Directors.


The Board will from time to time review and consider splitting the roles of chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of
the Company at an appropriate time, taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.



MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
OF LISTED ISSUERS

The Company has adopted the “Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuer” (the “Model Code”) as set
out in Appendix C3 to the HKEx Listing Rules as its code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors. Having
made specific enquiry with the Directors, all Directors confirmed that they had complied with the required standards as set out in the
Model Code during the Reporting Period.



THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES

The compositions of the Board, the Audit Committee, the nomination committee of the Company and the remuneration committee
of the Company are as set out in the “Corporate Information” section.




                                                                                                          Interim Report 2026       23
Corporate Governance and Other Information




INTERIM DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend any interim dividend for the Reporting Period.



CHANGES TO INFORMATION REGARDING DIRECTORS AND CHIEF
EXECUTIVES

The Directors confirm that no information is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the HKEx Listing Rules since the
preparation of the 2025 annual report and up to the latest practicable date prior to the printing of this interim report.



AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Board has established the Audit Committee, which comprises the three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. PU
Tianruo (chairman), Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry and Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi.


The Audit Committee, together with the Board, has reviewed the unaudited interim financial report of the Group for the Reporting
Period. The Audit Committee does not have any disagreement with any accounting treatment which had been adopted. The Audit
Committee has also reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the Company and considers
them to be effective and adequate.


In addition, the independent auditor of the Company, KPMG, has reviewed the unaudited interim financial report of the Group for the
Reporting Period in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim Financial Information
Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”.



PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

During the Reporting Period, the Company had conducted on-market repurchases of a total of 8,520,500 Shares on the HKEx at
an aggregate cash consideration of HKD135,469,970 (excluding expenses). All such 8,520,500 Shares are held by the Company
as treasury Shares. Save for the aforesaid on-market share repurchases, there was no purchase, sale or redemption of any of the
Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares (as defined under the HKEx Listing Rules)) by the Company or any of
its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.




24      3S BIO INC.
                                                         Corporate Governance and Other Information




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As at 30 June 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executives of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”) which had been notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8
of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions
of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified
to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:


(i)   Interests in the Company

                                                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                                                                    percentage of
                                                                                                                             Number of                   all Shares
        Name                             Position                           Nature of Interest                             Shares held                    in Issue(1)


        LOU Jing(2) (婁競)                 Executive Director                 Beneficial owner                                  2,327,553(L)                   0.09%
                                                                                                                                         (L)
                                                                            Beneficiary of a trust                          54,656,895                       2.15%
                                                                            Other                                          476,774,553(L)                   18.78%
                                                                                                                   Total:533,759,001(L)                     21.03%


        SU Dongmei(3) (蘇冬梅)              Executive Director                 Founder of a discretionary                      24,384,630(L)                    0.96%
                                                                              trust who can influence
                                                                              how the trustee exercises
                                                                              his discretion
                                                                            Beneficial owner                                   440,000(L)                    0.02%
                                                                                                                       Total:24,824,630(L)                   0.98%


        ZHANG Jiaoe(4) (張皎娥)             Non-executive Director             Beneficial owner                                12,379,139(L)                    0.49%


      Notes:


      (L)      : denotes long position


      (1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 2,538,084,412 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2026.


      (2)      Dr. LOU Jing was a beneficiary under three unnamed trusts which were interested in 41,746,000 Shares, 9,410,895 Shares and 3,500,000 Shares
               respectively. Further, Dr. LOU Jing was an enforcer and a beneficiary of an unnamed discretionary trust which was interested in 476,774,553 Shares.
               Therefore, Dr. LOU Jing was deemed to be interested in all such Shares as discussed in the foregoing.


      (3)      Ms. SU Dongmei was the founder of a discretionary trust who can influence how the trustee exercises his discretion and therefore was deemed to be
               interested in the same number of the Shares in which that trust was interested (i.e. 24,384,630 Shares); and, Ms. SU Dongmei was granted 440,000 share
               options by the Company, representing 440,000 Shares upon full exercise.


      (4)      80,000 share options, representing 80,000 Shares upon full exercise, were granted by the Company to a trust and held for the benefit of Ms. ZHANG.


                                                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026           25
Corporate Governance and Other Information




(ii)   Interests in Associated Corporations


                                                                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                                                                                       Percentage of
                                                                                                                                                         Outstanding
                                                                                                                                                    Share Capital of
                                                          Associated                                                       Number of                  the Associated
         Name                 Position                    Corporation               Nature of Interest                      Securities                  Corporation(1)


         LOU Jing             Executive Director          Sunshine Guojian          Interest in controlled                 27,935,459(L)(1)                      3.12%
             (婁競)                                                                      Corporation


                                                          Mandi Inc.                Beneficiary of a                                350(L)(3)                    3.50%
                                                                                       trust (other than
                                                                                       a discretionary
                                                                                       interest)


       Notes:


       (L)      : denotes long position.


       (1)      These shares were held by Achieve Well International Limited, a company wholly-owned by Dr. LOU Jing, under a restricted share incentive plan of Sunshine
                Guojian, for purposes of holding the awarded shares granted to Dr. LOU Jing.


       (2)      The shares were granted by Mandi Inc. to Hero Grand, an exempted company incorporated and existing under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, which
                was ultimately beneficially owned by a trust the settlor, protector and one of the beneficiaries of which was Dr. LOU Jing, under the equity incentive plan
                adopted by Mandi Inc. on 30 September 2025.



Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, none of the Directors or the chief executives of the Company had or was deemed to
have any interest or short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within
the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that was required to be notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions of
the SFO), or required to be recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the HKEx pursuant to the Model Code.




26       3S BIO INC.
                                             Corporate Governance and Other Information




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 30 June 2026, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executives of
the Company), had interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register of
interests required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                               Number of         percentage of all
 Name of Shareholder                    Nature of Interest                                   Shares held         Shares in Issue(1)


 Decade Sunshine Limited (“DSL”)(2)     Beneficial owner                                     476,774,553(L)                18.78%


 Century Sunshine Limited (“CSL”)(2)    Interest in a controlled corporation                 476,774,553(L)                18.78%


 XING Lily(3)                           Interest in a controlled corporation(2)              476,774,553(L)                18.78%
                                        Interest of spouse(3)                                 56,468,448(L)                 2.22%
                                                                                                           (L)
                                                                                       Total: 533,243,001                  21.01%


 Lambda International Limited(2)        Interest in a controlled corporation                 476,774,553(L)                18.78%


 TMF (Cayman) Ltd.(4)                   Trustee                                              554,183,428(L)                21.83%


 Hui Tian Fu Funds Management           Investment manager                                   177,758,500(L)                 7.00%
   Co., Ltd. (匯添富基金管理股份
   有限公司) (“HTF”)(5)


 DFZQ (東方證券股份有限公司)                      Beneficial owner                                          822,167(L)                0.03%
                                                                             (5)                           (L)
                                        Interest in a controlled corporation                 179,164,500                    7.06%
                                                                                       Total: 179,986,667(L)               *7.09%


 Citigroup Inc.                         Interest in a controlled corporation                    8,901,162(L)                0.35%
                                                                                                           (S)
                                                                                                8,641,381                   0.34%
                                        Approved lending agent                             124,370,247(L)&(P)               4.90%
                                                                                      Total: 133,271,409(L)                 5.25%
                                                                                                           (S)
                                                                                                8,641,381                   0.34%
                                                                                                           (P)
                                                                                             124,370,247                    4.92%




                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026      27
Corporate Governance and Other Information




Notes:


(L)      : denotes long position


(S)      : denotes short position


(P)      : denotes lending pool


*        : Figures shown as total may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures being added up due to rounding adjustment.


(1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 2,538,084,412 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2026.


(2)      DSL was wholly-owned by CSL and therefore CSL was deemed to be interested in 476,774,553 Shares held by DSL; further, 42.52% and 35.65% of CSL were
         respectively controlled by Ms. XING Lily and Lambda International Limited, who were therefore deemed to be interested in such 476,774,553 Shares.


(3)      Ms. XING Lily’s spouse is Dr. LOU Jing.


(4)      TMF (Cayman) Ltd. was the trustee with respect to four unnamed trusts, which respectively were interested in 476,774,553, 51,156,895, 15,340,480, and
         10,911,500 Shares, as disclosed under the SFO, and therefore TMF (Cayman) Ltd. was deemed to be interested in all such Shares.


(5)      35.41% of HTF was owned by DFZQ, and therefore DFZQ was deemed to be interested in all the Shares held by HTF.



Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, the Directors and the chief executives of the Company were not aware of any
other person (other than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the shares or
underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the
SFO.



DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Other than disclosed under the heading “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares
and Debentures”, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company or any of its subsidiaries or holding company or any
subsidiary of the Company’s holding company a party to any arrangement that would enable the Directors to acquire benefits by
means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, and during the Reporting Period
none of the Directors or any of their spouses or children under the age of 18 were granted any right to subscribe for the equity or
debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate or had exercised any such right.




28         3S BIO INC.
                                             Corporate Governance and Other Information




2015 OPTION SCHEME

Pursuant to a written resolution passed by the then sole shareholder of the Company on 23 May 2015, the Company adopted the
2015 Option Scheme pursuant to Chapter 17 of the HKEx Listing Rules. The 2015 Option Scheme was valid for a period of 10
years commencing from the date of adoption; accordingly, it expired on 23 May 2025.


Upon expiry of the 2015 Option Scheme, no further options may be granted but in all other respects, the provisions of the 2015
Option Scheme shall remain in full force and effect. Therefore, the expiry of the 2015 Option Scheme will not in any event affect
the terms of such outstanding options (see the below two tables in this section) that have already been granted under the
2015 Option Scheme and the outstanding options granted under the 2015 Option Scheme shall continue to be subject to
the provisions of the 2015 Option Scheme.


Details of the 2015 Option Scheme were disclosed in the Company’s prospectus dated 1 June 2015 in the section headed “Statutory
and General Information – 5. Post-IPO Share Option Scheme” in Appendix IV. No option was available for grant under the scheme
mandate of the 2015 Option Scheme as at 1 January 2026 and at 30 June 2026. The number of Shares that may be issued in
respect of awards granted under the 2015 Option Scheme during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of
the Shares in issue for the Reporting Period was 0. The total number of Shares available for issue under the 2015 Option Scheme is
0. The purpose of the 2015 Option Scheme is to provide selected participants with the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests
in the Company and to encourage selected participants to work towards enhancing the value of the Company and its Shares for the
benefit of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


Unless approved by the shareholders of the Company in accordance with the terms of the 2015 Option Scheme, the total number
of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted and to be granted under the 2015 Option Scheme and any
other share option scheme(s) of the Company to each selected participant (including both exercised and outstanding options) in
any 12 month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue. An option may be exercised in accordance with
the terms of the 2015 Option Scheme at any time during a period to be determined and notified by the Directors to each grantee. A
nominal consideration of RMB1.00 is payable upon acceptance of the grant of an option. For details, please refer to Appendix IV to
the Company’s prospectus dated 1 June 2015.




                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026      29
Corporate Governance and Other Information




The following outstanding share options were granted to the following Directors under the 2015 Option Scheme as of 30 June
2026:


                                                     Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                                             Price of the
                                                                                                                                                                             Company’s
                                                                                                                                                                           listed shares
                                                                                                                                                                            immediately
                                                                     Forfeited/                                                                                               before the
                              As at      Granted     Exercised       cancelled        Lapsed       As at                                                Exercise price        grant date
                          1 January        during        during         during         during   30 June    Date of grant      Exercise period         of share options         of options
  Name of Director             2026    the period    the period     the period     the period      2026    of share options   of share options         (HKD per share)   (HKD per share)


  SU Dongmei(1)             440,000            –             –                 0           0    440,000    2 February 2017    From 2 August 2018 to              7.62               7.37
                                                                                                                                 2 February 2027(2)


  ZHANG Jiaoe(1)             80,000            –             –                 0           0     80,000    2 February 2017    From 2 August 2018 to              7.62               7.37
                                                                                                                                 2 February 2027(2)


(1)      The outstanding share options were held by The Empire Trust, a trust established by the Company for beneficiaries who are employees of the Company and its
         subsidiaries and affiliates, and any other persons as nominated from time to time by the advisory committee of The Empire Trust that is established with the authority
         of the Board.


(2)      Share options granted are subject to vesting conditions with vesting periods ended 2 August 2018, 2 February 2020 and 2 August 2021, respectively.




30          3S BIO INC.
                                                                   Corporate Governance and Other Information




The following outstanding share options were granted to employee participants(3) of the Group (apart from Directors) as of 30 June
2026:


                                     Number of share options
                                                                                                                                                                      Price of the
                                                                                                                                                                      Company’s
                                                                                                                                                                    listed shares
                                                                                                                                                                     immediately
                                                     Forfeited/                                                                                                        before the
          As at        Granted       Exercised       cancelled         Lapsed           As at                                                    Exercise price        grant date
      1 January          during          during         during          during       30 June     Date of grant         Exercise period         of share options         of options
           2026      the period      the period     the period      the period          2026     of share options      of share options         (HKD per share)   (HKD per share)


      9,846,500(1)            –         79,000                 0            0      9,767,500     2 February 2017       From 2 August 2018 to              7.62               7.37
                                                                                                                         2 February 2027(2)


(1)        The outstanding share options were held by The Empire Trust, a trust established by the Company for beneficiaries who are employees of the Company and its
           subsidiaries and affiliates, and any other persons as nominated from time to time by the advisory committee of The Empire Trust that is established with the authority
           of the Board.


(2)        Share options granted are subject to vesting conditions with vesting periods ended 2 August 2018, 2 February 2020 and 2 August 2021, respectively.


(3)        Employee participants include employees of any member of the Group (apart from Directors).


(4)        The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the dates on which the share options were exercised is HKD20.85 per Share.



All of the above grants were made prior to the amendment to Chapter 17 of the HKEx Listing Rules and none of the grants of
options to any participant is in excess of the 1% individual limit.


Please refer to Note 17 “SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES” to the interim financial report in this interim report for the accounting policy
adopted for share options.



2019 SHARE SCHEME

The Company adopted the 2019 Share Scheme to recognise the contributions by selected participants and to motivate and give
incentives thereto in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the Group; to attract suitable personnel
for further development of the Group; and to provide selected participants with a direct economic interest in attaining a long-term
relationship between the Group and the selected participants.


The 2019 Share Scheme was adopted by the Company on 16 July 2019 and amended on 12 December 2021. As approved by
the shareholders on 25 June 2025, the Company terminated the 2019 Share Scheme. Under the terms of the 2019 Share
Scheme, such termination shall not affect any subsisting rights of any selected participant who is a grantee of awarded
Shares under the 2019 Share Scheme (for the awarded Shares granted under the 2019 Share Scheme, please see the
below table in this section).



                                                                                                                                               Interim Report 2026               31
Corporate Governance and Other Information




Under the 2019 Share Scheme, as at 1 January 2026, at 30 June 2026, and at the date of this interim report, respectively, no new
Shares were available for grant of awards. The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of awards granted under the 2019
Share Scheme during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of the Shares in issue for the Reporting Period
was 0.


Further details of the 2019 Share Scheme are set out in Note 17 “SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES” to the interim financial report in
this interim report.


As at 30 June 2026, details of the awarded shares granted under the 2019 Share Scheme of the Company were as follows:


                                                                                         Number of awarded shares
                                                                                                                                                                  Closing price
                                                                                                                                                                   immediately
                                                        Number of         As at    Awarded          Vested             Lapsed         As at                          before the
                                                         awarded      1 January       During         during             during     30 June                       date of award
 Share awards holders            Date of award             shares          2026   the period     the period         the period        2026 Vesting period       (HKD per share)

 Employee                        16 July 2019(1)         9,885,448            –           –              –                  –             – March 2020 to                13.88
                                                                                                                                              March 2023(3)
                                 7 September 2020(2)    10,000,000            –           –              –                  –             – NA(4)                         8.98
                                 23 September 2024(5)   34,107,688   32,798,176           –        537,600                  –    32,260,576 23 September 2024             5.70
                                                                                                                                              to 23 September
                                                                                                                                              2027(3)
 Director of the Company/
     Director/general manager of
     subsidiaries of the Company
 Director of the Company
     – Dr. LOU Jing              23 September 2024(5)    5,000,000    3,500,000           –              –                  –     3,500,000 23 September 2024             5.70
                                                                                                                                              to 23 September
                                                                                                                                              2027(3)
 Director of a subsidiary of
     the Company
     – Mr. YU An                 23 September 2024(5)     650,000      455,000            –              –                  –      455,000 23 September 2024              5.70
                                                                                                                                             to 23 September
                                                                                                                                             2027(3)
 General manager of a subsidiary
    of the Company
    – Mr. JIN Zheng              23 September 2024(5)     600,000      600,000            –              –                  –      600,000 23 September 2024              5.70
                                                                                                                                             to 23 September
                                                                                                                                             2027(3)

 Total                                                  60,243,136   37,353,176           –        537,600                  –    36,815,576




32          3S BIO INC.
                                                             Corporate Governance and Other Information




Notes:


(1)      On 16 July 2019, the Board resolved to grant a maximum of 10,000,000 awarded Shares to 37 independent employees of the Group, pursuant to the terms of
         the 2019 Share Scheme, in order to recognize the contributions of the independent employees to the Group. For details, please refer to the announcement of the
         Company dated 17 July 2019 and Note 17 “SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES” to the interim financial report in this interim report.


(2)      On 7 September 2020, the Board resolved to conditionally grant 10,000,000 new awarded Shares to Dr. ZHU Zhenping, of which 5,000,000 awarded Shares and
         2,250,000 awarded Shares have so far been issued and allotted to Dr. ZHU Zhenping on 14 April 2021 and 8 March 2022, respectively. For details, please refer to
         the announcement of the Company dated 8 September 2020 and the circular of the Company dated 16 October 2020.


(3)      These awarded Shares are subject to vesting conditions involving financial targets and vesting periods.


(4)      These awarded Shares are not subject to any vesting condition or vesting period.


(5)      On 23 September 2024, the Board resolved to grant 34,107,688, 5,000,000, 650,000 and 600,000 awarded Shares to 267 independent employees of the Group,
         Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Dr. LOU Jing, a director of a subsidiary of the Company, Mr. YU An, and the general
         manager of a subsidiary of the Company, Mr. JIN Zheng, respectively, pursuant to the terms of the 2019 Share Scheme, with the purpose of the 2019 Share
         Scheme as a recognition and reward of the grantees’ contributions to the Company’s continuing operation and development. For details of such grant and vesting
         terms, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 23 September 2024 and Note 17 “SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES” to the interim financial report in
         this interim report.



2025 SHARE SCHEMES

Adoption of 2025 Share Schemes


At the AGM of the Company held on 25 June 2025, ordinary resolutions were passed to adopt the 2025 Option Scheme and the
2025 Share Award Scheme, primarily for the purpose of conforming to the amendments to Chapter 17 of the HKEx Listing Rules
which took effect on 1 January 2023.


The principal terms of the 2025 Option Scheme and the 2025 Share Award Scheme are substantially the same as the Company’s
previous share schemes (being the 2015 Option Scheme and the 2019 Share Award Scheme, respectively).


For details of the adoption and full terms of the 2025 Share Schemes, please refer to the circular issued by the Company to the
Shareholders on 26 May 2025.




                                                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026            33
Corporate Governance and Other Information




–    2025 Option Scheme


     The 2025 Option Scheme was conditionally adopted on 25 June 2025 and, unless terminated earlier, shall be valid and
     effective for a term of 10 years from the adoption date (expiring on 24 June 2035, with a remaining life of approximately 8.5
     years).


     (i)     Purpose


             The purposes of the 2025 Option Scheme are to (i) recognise the contributions by certain selected participants with an
             opportunity to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company; (ii) encourage and retain such individuals for the continual
             operation and development of the Group; (iii) provide additional incentives for them to achieve performance goals; (iv)
             attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group; and (v) motivate the selected participants to maximise
             the value of the Company for the benefits of both the selected participants and the Company, with a view to achieving
             the objectives of increasing the value of the Group and aligning the interests of the selected participants directly to the
             Shareholders through ownership of Shares.


     (ii)    Eligible Participants


             The Board may, at its absolute discretion, grant options to (i) any Employee Participant; (ii) any director or employee
             of a Related Entity; and (iii) any Service Provider (as defined in the 2025 Option Scheme). In determining eligibility,
             the Board takes into consideration matters including but without limitation the present and future contribution of the
             relevant participant, the performance of the participant, as well as the Group’s overall business objectives and future
             development plans.


     (iii)   Total Number of Shares Available for Issue


             The maximum number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all options to be granted under the 2025 Option
             Scheme shall not exceed 5% of the total number of Shares in issue (excluding treasury Shares) as at the Adoption Date.


             As at the date of this interim report, the total number of Shares available for issue under the 2025 Option Scheme
             is 119,953,945 Shares, representing approximately 4.74% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury
             Shares).




34     3S BIO INC.
                                           Corporate Governance and Other Information




(iv)    Service Provider Sub-limit (Share Option)


        Within the Scheme Mandate Limit (Share Option), the maximum number of Shares which may be issued in respect of
        all options to be granted to Service Providers shall not exceed 0.5% of the total number of Shares in issue (excluding
        treasury Shares) as at the Adoption Date. As at the date of this interim report, the number of Shares available for issue
        under the Service Provider Sub-limit (Share Option) is 11,995,394 Shares.


(v)     Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant


        Unless approved by the Shareholders, the total number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all options and
        awards granted to a grantee (excluding any options and awards lapsed) in any 12-month period up to the date of grant
        shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue (excluding treasury Shares) from time to time.


        Where any grant of options to an independent non-executive Director or a substantial Shareholder or any of their
        respective associates would result in the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all options and awards granted
        (excluding any options and awards lapsed) to such person in the 12-month period up to and including the date of
        grant representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the total issued Shares (excluding treasury Shares), such grant must be
        approved by Shareholders in general meeting.


(vi)    Acceptance Period


        An offer of the grant of an option shall be open for acceptance by the grantee for a period of 10 business days from the
        date of the grant letter.


(vii)   Exercise Price and Option Period


        The subscription price for Shares under the 2025 Option Scheme shall be the highest of (i) the nominal value of a
        Share; (ii) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets of the HKEx on the date of grant; and (iii)
        the average closing price of the Shares for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant. The option
        period shall be determined by the Board at its discretion, but shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant.




                                                                                                          Interim Report 2026        35
Corporate Governance and Other Information




     (viii) Vesting Period


            Save for certain specific circumstances permitted under the HKEx Listing Rules, an option must be held by the grantee
            for at least 12 months from the date of grant before it can be exercised. The Board may, at its sole and absolute
            discretion, grant a shorter vesting period to an Employee Participant in the following circumstances: (a) grants of “make-
            whole” share options to new joiners to replace share awards or options forfeited upon leaving their previous employers;
            (b) grants with performance-based vesting conditions in lieu of time-based criteria; (c) grants made in batches due to
            administrative or compliance requirements, where the vesting period may be adjusted to reflect the intended grant date;
            (d) grants with a mixed or accelerated vesting schedule; (e) grants with a total vesting and holding period of more than
            12 months; or (f) replacement grants issued following mergers and acquisitions to reflect the vesting status of lapsed
            subsidiary awards.


     (ix)   Payment on Acceptance of Option


            No consideration is payable by the grantee on acceptance of the option.


     (x)    Status of Grants


            No share options had been granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed under the 2025 Option Scheme since its adoption
            and up to the date of this interim report.


     (xi)   Number of Options Available for Grant


            As at 30 June 2026, the number of options available for grant under the Scheme Mandate Limit (Share Option) was
            119,953,945, and the number of options available for grant under the Service Provider Sub-limit (Share Option) was
            11,995,394.


            As at the date of this interim report, the number of options available for grant under the Scheme Mandate Limit (Share
            Option) remained at 119,953,945, and the number of options available for grant under the Service Provider Sub-limit
            (Share Option) remained at 11,995,394.




36     3S BIO INC.
                                                   Corporate Governance and Other Information




              The following outstanding share options were granted under the 2025 Option Scheme as of 30 June 2026:


                                 Number of share options

                                                                                                                              Price of the
                                                                                                                              company’s
                                                                                                                             listed shares
                                                                                                                             immediately
                                                  Forfeited/                          Date of     Exercise       Exercise      before the
           As at       Granted    Exercised       cancelled      Lapsed       As at   grant of   period of        price of     grant date
    1 January       during the    during the      during the   during the   30 June     share       share    share options     of options
           2026         period        period         period       period      2026    options     options (HKD per share) (HKD per share)

              –              –            –                –           –          –         –           –               –               –


–   2025 Share Award Scheme


    The 2025 Share Award Scheme was conditionally adopted on 25 June 2025 and, unless terminated earlier, shall be valid and
    effective for a term of 10 years from the adoption date (expiring on 24 June 2035, with a remaining life of approximately 8.5
    years).


    (i)       Purpose


              The purposes of the 2025 Share Award Scheme are identical to those of the 2025 Option Scheme as set out above.


    (ii)      Eligible Participants


              The eligible participants of the 2025 Share Award Scheme are identical to those of the 2025 Option Scheme as set out
              above.




                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026           37
Corporate Governance and Other Information




     (iii)   Total Number of Shares Available


             The total number of Shares which may be awarded under the 2025 Share Award Scheme shall not exceed 10% of
             the issued Shares (excluding treasury Shares) as at the Adoption Date (the “Scheme Mandate Limit (Share Award)”).
             Within this limit, the maximum number of new Shares which may be issued shall not exceed 5% of the issued Shares
             (excluding treasury Shares) as at the Adoption Date (the “Scheme Mandate Limit (New Shares Share Award)”).


             As at the date of this interim report:


             –     the total number of Shares available for award under the 2025 Share Award Scheme is 239,907,891 Shares
                   (representing approximately 9.48% of the issued Shares (excluding treasury Shares));


             –     the number of new Shares available for issue under the Scheme Mandate Limit (New Shares Share Award) is
                   119,953,945 Shares; and


             –     the number of new Shares available for issue to Service Providers under the corresponding sub-limit (the “Service
                   Provider Sub-limit (New Shares Share Award)”) is 11,995,394 Shares.


     (iv)    Service Provider Sub-limit (New Shares Share Award)


             Within the Scheme Mandate Limit (New Shares Share Award), the maximum number of new Shares which may be issued
             in respect of all awards to be granted to Service Providers shall not exceed 0.5% of the total number of Shares in issue
             (excluding treasury Shares) as at the Adoption Date (the “Service Provider Sub-limit (New Shares Share Award)”). As
             at the date of this interim report, the number of new Shares available for issue under the Service Provider Sub-limit (New
             Shares Share Award) is 11,995,394 Shares.


     (v)     Maximum Entitlement of Each Participant


             The individual limit is identical to that of the 2025 Option Scheme as set out above (1% of issued Shares in any
             12-month period). The 0.1% approval threshold for grants to independent non-executive Directors, substantial
             Shareholders or their associates also applies.




38     3S BIO INC.
                                            Corporate Governance and Other Information




(vi)    Acceptance Period


        An offer of the grant of an award shall be open for acceptance by the selected participant for a period of 10 business
        days from the date of the grant letter.


(vii)   Vesting Period


        The vesting period for awards granted to any participant must not be less than 12 months, save for the exceptions
        permitted under the HKEx Listing Rules as incorporated in the scheme rules. Similar to the 2025 Option Scheme, a
        shorter vesting period may be granted to an Employee Participant at the Board’s discretion in specific circumstances,
        including but not limited to “make-whole” grants, performance-based vesting conditions, administrative batch grants,
        mixed/accelerated vesting schedules, or replacement grants following mergers and acquisitions.


(viii) Purchase Price


        The Board may in its absolute discretion determine whether a selected participant is required to pay any purchase price
        for the acquisition of the Award.


(ix)    Payment on Acceptance of Award


        The amount payable and the time limit on acceptance of an award shall be determined by the Board.


(x)     Status of Grants


        No share awards had been granted, vested, cancelled or lapsed under the 2025 Share Award Scheme since its
        adoption and up to the date of this interim report.




                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026      39
Corporate Governance and Other Information




       (xi)   Number of Awards Available for Grant


              As at the date of this interim report, the number of awards available for grant under the Scheme Mandate Limit (Share
              Award) was 239,907,891, the number of new Shares available for grant under the Scheme Mandate Limit (New Shares
              Share Award) was 119,953,945, and the number of new Shares available for grant to Service Providers under the
              Service Provider Sub-limit (New Shares Share Award) was 11,995,394.


              As at 30 June 2026, details of the awarded shares granted under the 2025 Share Award Scheme of the Company were
              as follows:


                                                    Number of awarded shares

                                                                                                                              Closing price
                                                                                                                               immediately
                                                                                                                            before the date
          Number of             As at   Awarded during    Vested during   Lapsed during            As at                          of award
     awarded shares    1 January 2026        the period      the period        the period   30 June 2026   Vesting period   (HKD per share)

                  –                 –                –               –                 –               –               –                 –




40       3S BIO INC.
                                            Independent Review Report



To the board of directors of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)



INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the interim financial report set out on pages 43 to 80, which comprises the consolidated statement of financial
position of 3SBio Inc. (the “Company”) as of 30 June 2026 and the related consolidated statement of profit or loss, consolidated
statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and condensed consolidated statement of
cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited require the preparation of an interim financial report to be in compliance with the relevant
provisions thereof and International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of this interim financial report
in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34.


Our responsibility is to express a conclusion, based on our review, on this interim financial report and to report our conclusion solely
to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.



SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410, Review of Interim Financial
Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
A review of interim financial report consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters,
and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance
with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of
all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.




                                                                                                           Interim Report 2026        41
Independent Review Report




CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial report as at 30 June 2026 is
not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants


8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong


20 August 2026




42      3S BIO INC.
Interim Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2026 – unaudited




                                                                                                         2026                2025
                                                                                Notes               RMB’000              RMB’000


 Revenue                                                                           4               4,525,985            4,355,485


 Cost of sales                                                                                       (731,398)           (639,680)


 Gross profit                                                                                      3,794,587            3,715,805


 Other income and net (losses)/gains                                               5                  (73,606)            408,289
 Selling and distribution expenses                                                                (1,206,725)          (1,615,934)
 Administrative expenses                                                                             (267,813)           (283,402)
 Research and development costs                                                                      (683,849)           (547,523)
 Other expenses                                                                    6                  (94,469)             (25,466)
 Finance costs                                                                     7                  (30,900)             (53,002)
 Share of profits and losses of equity-accounted investees:                                            (3,353)             22,930


 Profit before tax                                                                                 1,433,872            1,621,697


 Income tax expense                                                                8                 (223,806)           (233,123)


 Profit for the period                                                                             1,210,066            1,388,574


 Attributable to:
   Equity shareholders of the Company                                                              1,146,595            1,358,204
   Non-controlling interests                                                                           63,471              30,370


                                                                                                   1,210,066            1,388,574


 Earnings per share attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
   – Basic                                                                        10                RMB0.45              RMB0.57


   – Diluted                                                                      10                RMB0.44              RMB0.56




The notes on pages 51 to 80 form part of this interim financial report. Details of dividends payable to equity shareholders of the
Company are set out in note 9.

                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026         43
Interim Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the six months ended 30 June 2026 – unaudited




                                                                                          2026         2025
                                                                              Notes   RMB’000      RMB’000


 Profit for the period                                                                1,210,066    1,388,574


 Other comprehensive income
 Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to profit or loss
     in subsequent periods:
     Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                         (163,084)     (45,640)


 Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to profit or loss
     in subsequent periods                                                             (163,084)     (45,640)


 Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
     in subsequent periods:
     Equity investments designated at fair value through other
       comprehensive income:
       Changes in fair value                                                            (41,590)     31,496


 Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
     in subsequent periods                                                              (41,590)     31,496


 Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                                 (204,674)     (14,144)


 Total comprehensive income for the period                                            1,005,392    1,374,430


 Attributable to:
     Equity shareholders of the Company                                                941,921     1,344,060
     Non-controlling interests                                                          63,471       30,370


                                                                                      1,005,392    1,374,430




The notes on pages 51 to 80 form part of this interim financial report.

44      3S BIO INC.
Interim Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                     At 30 June 2026 – unaudited




                                                                                 30 June       31 December
                                                                                    2026              2025
                                                                       Notes    RMB’000            RMB’000


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                           11      4,996,567          4,993,590
Right-of-use assets                                                               379,470            384,049
Goodwill                                                                        4,062,760          4,172,350
Intangible assets                                                               1,763,401          1,764,629
Interests in equity-accounted investees                                           166,452            253,086
Financial assets measured at fair value                                           889,088            774,922
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                   676,656            284,737
Non-pledged time deposits                                               13      1,695,571            673,311
Deferred tax assets                                                               306,981            278,896


Total non-current assets                                                       14,936,946         13,579,570


Current assets
Inventories                                                                     1,039,915          1,047,739
Trade and bill receivables                                              12      1,150,891          1,081,513
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                   796,204            811,144
Financial assets measured at fair value                                         5,126,837          3,857,665
Derivative financial instruments                                                   58,393             11,786
Pledged deposits                                                        13        135,127            132,188
Non-pledged time deposits                                               13      5,549,072          3,551,534
Cash and cash equivalents                                               13      6,785,032         12,177,199


Total current assets                                                           20,641,471         22,670,768


Current liabilities
Trade and bill payables                                                 14        236,278            244,673
Other payables and accruals                                             15      2,117,719          1,770,369
Deferred income                                                                    20,142             26,968
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                        600,367          1,830,588
Derivative financial instruments                                                   16,971                  –
Lease liabilities                                                                  19,347             19,115
Income tax payables                                                                35,268            171,703
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)              361,557            352,266


Total current liabilities                                                       3,407,649          4,415,682


Net current assets                                                             17,233,822         18,255,086


Total assets less current liabilities                                          32,170,768         31,834,656




                                                                                  Interim Report 2026        45
Interim Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

At 30 June 2026 – unaudited




                                                                                         30 June     31 December
                                                                                            2026            2025
                                                                          Notes         RMB’000          RMB’000


 Non-current liabilities
 Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings                                              720,225         723,277
 Lease liabilities                                                                        47,219          44,870
 Deferred income                                                                         414,513         373,998
 Deferred tax liabilities                                                                219,636         231,217
 Other non-current liabilities                                                             4,662          25,135


 Total non-current liabilities                                                          1,406,255      1,398,497


 NET ASSETS                                                                            30,764,513     30,436,159


 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
 Share capital                                                             16                 156            156
 Treasury shares                                                                         (336,105)      (218,094)
 Share premium                                                                          5,210,630      5,759,181
 Reserves                                                                              22,644,419     21,666,827


 Equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                             27,519,100     27,208,070

 Non-controlling interests                                                              3,245,413      3,228,089


 TOTAL EQUITY                                                                          30,764,513     30,436,159




                                       Jing Lou                           Dongmei Su
                                       Director                             Director




The notes on pages 51 to 80 form part of this interim financial report.

46      3S BIO INC.
Interim Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2026 – unaudited




                                                                                 Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                Statutory                           Exchange                                Non-
                                                  Share    Treasury       Share Contributed surplus Fair value                Other fluctuation   Retained             controlling      Total
                                                 capital     shares    premium      surplus reserves          reserve       reserve    reserve      profits      Total interests       equity
                                               RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                            RMB’000      RMB’000 RMB’000       RMB’000


At 1 January 2026                                   156    (218,094) 5,759,181      506,752 2,848,639         (43,879)     38,501        7,950 18,308,864 27,208,070 3,228,089 30,436,159
Profit for the period                                 –           –          –            –         –               –           –            – 1,146,595 1,146,595      63,471 1,210,066
Other comprehensive income for the period:            –           –          –            –         –         (41,590)          –     (163,084)         – (204,674)          – (204,674)


Total comprehensive income for the period             –           –           –            –           –      (41,590)           –    (163,084) 1,146,595       941,921     63,471 1,005,392
Transfer to statutory surplus reserves                –           –           –            –       1,670            –            –           –      (1,670)           –          –          –
2025 final dividend declared (Note 9)                 –           –    (549,319)           –           –            –            –           –           –     (549,319)         – (549,319)
2025 final dividend declared by a subsidiary          –           –           –            –           –            –            –           –           –            –    (53,641)   (53,641)
Equity-settled share incentive scheme                 –           –           –       74,417           –            –            –           –           –       74,417      4,494     78,911
Shares issued upon exercise of
  share options                                       –           –         768         (245)          –            –            –           –            –         523          –        523
Shares repurchased                                    –    (118,011)          –            –           –            –            –           –            –    (118,011)         –   (118,011)
Capital injection from a non-controlling
  shareholder                                         –           –           –            –           –            –            –           –            –           –      3,000      3,000
Deemed disposal of an equity-accounted
  investee                                            –           –           –            –           –            –      (38,501)      1,008       (1,008)    (38,501)        –     (38,501)


At 30 June 2026                                     156    (336,105) 5,210,630      580,924 2,850,309         (85,469)           –    (154,126) 19,452,781 27,519,100 3,245,413 30,764,513




                                                                                                                                                        Interim Report 2026                47
Interim Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

For the six months ended 30 June 2026 – unaudited




                                                                                    Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                         Statutory                       Exchange                                     Non-
                                                  Share     Treasury       Share Contributed              surplus       Fair value       fluctuation    Retained                 controlling       Total
                                                  capital     shares     premium           surplus       reserves         reserve           reserve       profits       Total     interests       equity
                                                RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


 At 1 January 2025                                  146     (235,641)   2,729,341         321,625      1,858,332        (135,276)          118,120 10,779,611 15,436,258         2,600,072 18,036,330
 Profit for the period                                 –           –            –                –              –               –                 –    1,358,204    1,358,204       30,370     1,388,574
 Other comprehensive income for the period:            –           –            –                –              –         31,496           (45,640)            –      (14,144)            –      (14,144)


 Total comprehensive income for the period             –           –            –                –              –         31,496           (45,640)    1,358,204    1,344,060       30,370     1,374,430
 Transfer to statutory surplus reserves                –           –            –                –       207,285                –                 –     (207,285)           –             –            –
 2024 final dividend declared (Note 9)                 –           –     (547,149)               –              –               –                 –            –     (547,149)            –     (547,149)
 2024 final dividend declared by a subsidiary          –           –            –                –              –               –                 –            –            –      (10,611)      (10,611)
 Equity-settled share incentive scheme                 –           –            –          58,259               –               –                 –            –      58,259         1,597       59,856
 Shares issued upon exercise of share options          –           –      40,409           (12,444)             –               –                 –            –      27,965              –      27,965
 Capital injection from non-controlling
     shareholders                                      –           –            –                –              –               –                 –            –            –        2,500        2,500
 Transfer to retained profits                          –           –            –                –              –        (17,010)                 –      17,010             –             –            –


 At 30 June 2025                                    146     (235,641)   2,222,601         367,440      2,065,617        (120,790)           72,480 11,947,540 16,319,393         2,623,928 18,943,321




The notes on pages 51 to 80 form part of this interim financial report.

48          3S BIO INC.
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2026 – unaudited




                                                                                                       2026                2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000


Cash flows from operating activities


Cash generated from operations                                                                   1,483,189            1,201,459
Income tax paid                                                                                    (583,804)           (231,897)


Net cash flows from operating activities                                                           899,385              969,562


Cash flows generated from investing activities


Interest received                                                                                    55,473              12,324
Dividend received from an equity-accounted investees                                                  3,034                     –
Purchase of items of property, plant and equipment                                                 (245,221)             (88,627)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                 530                3,393
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                               (6,131,419)          (4,354,350)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  4,826,248            5,244,525
Placement of time deposits with original maturity of more than three months                     (2,346,233)          (1,584,850)
Withdrawal of time deposits with original maturity of more than three months                       392,596              417,259
Placement of non-pledged time deposits                                                          (1,148,304)            (145,000)
Withdrawal of non-pledged time deposits                                                            120,000              860,000
Funds received from government grants                                                                38,330                     –
Purchase of equity investments                                                                       (4,321)             (14,623)
Proceeds from disposal of equity investments                                                         51,352             152,631
Additions to intangible assets                                                                      (34,800)             (67,542)
Prepayments for exclusive distribution rights                                                        (5,000)           (169,526)
Repayment of loans from third parties                                                                      –               4,525
Loans to third parties                                                                             (260,000)              (1,417)


Net cash flows (used in)/generated from investing activities                                    (4,687,735)             268,722




                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026         49
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For the six months ended 30 June 2026 – unaudited




                                                                                       2026          2025
                                                                          Notes    RMB’000       RMB’000


 Cash flows from financing activities


 Proceeds from issue of shares                                                          523        27,965
 Decrease in pledged deposits                                                              –       30,885
 Repayment of bank borrowings                                                     (1,533,884)   (2,601,985)
 Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                      302,059     2,100,000
 Capital injection from non-controlling shareholders                                   3,000        2,500
 Repurchase of treasury shares                                                      (118,011)            –
 Repayments of bonds                                                                       –    (1,200,000)
 Principal portion of lease payments                                                  (5,627)      (12,140)
 Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders                                      (53,641)      (10,611)
 Interest paid                                                                       (30,711)      (38,598)


 Net cash flows used in financing activities                                      (1,436,292)   (1,701,984)


 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                        (5,224,642)    (463,700)


 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                          13     12,177,199    2,142,651


 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                       (167,525)      45,026


 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                13      6,785,032    1,723,977




The notes on pages 51 to 80 form part of this interim financial report.

50      3S BIO INC.
Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report


1 CORPORATE INFORMATION

  3SBio Inc. (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability under the Cayman Islands
  Companies Act. The Company’s shares were listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
  “HKEx”) on 11 June 2015.


  The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) were principally
  engaged in the development, production, marketing and sale of biopharmaceutical products in the People’s Republic of China
  (the “PRC”).



2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING
  POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

  2.1 Basis of preparation


        The interim financial report has been prepared in accordance with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules
        Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, including compliance with
        International Accounting Standards (“IAS”) 34, Interim Financial Reporting, issued by the International Accounting
        Standards Board.


        The preparation of an interim financial report in conformity with IAS 34 requires management to make judgements,
        estimates, and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income,
        and expenses on a year-to-date basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


        This interim financial report contains condensed consolidated financial statements and selected explanatory notes.
        The notes include an explanation of events and transactions that are significant to an understanding of the changes
        in financial position and performance of the Group since the 2025 annual financial statements. The condensed
        consolidated interim financial statements and the accompanying notes do not include all of the information required for
        a full set of financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards.


        The interim financial report is unaudited, but has been reviewed by KPMG in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on
        Review Engagements 2410, Review of interim financial information performed by the independent auditor of the entity,
        issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. KPMG’s independent review report to the Board of
        Directors is included on pages 41 to 42.




                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026        51
Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING
  POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (continued)

     2.1 Basis of preparation (continued)


          The financial information relating to the financial year ended 31 December 2025 that is included in the interim
          financial report as comparative information does not constitute the Company’s statutory annual consolidated financial
          statements for that financial year, but is derived from those financial statements. The Company’s annual consolidated
          financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 are available from the Company’s registered office.


          The interim condensed consolidated financial information is presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all values are rounded
          to the nearest thousand (RMB’000) except when otherwise indicated.


     2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures


          The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information are
          consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year
          ended 31 December 2025, except for the following accounting policy changes that are expected to be reflected in the
          2026 annual financial statements.


          The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting period.




52    3S BIO INC.
                                             Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




2 BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING
  POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (continued)

  2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (continued)


      Amendments to IFRS 9, Financial instruments and IFRS 7, Financial instruments: Disclosures – Amendments to
      the classification and measurement of financial instruments


      The amendments cover three main aspects:


      •     The amendments clarify when a financial asset or a financial liability is recognised and derecognised. They also
            introduce an optional exception that permits an entity to derecognise a financial liability before the settlement date
            when the financial liability is settled in cash using an electronic payment system, provided that specific criteria are
            met.


      •     For the assessment of whether a financial asset has contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal
            and interest on the principal amount outstanding, the amendments clarify the assessment of interest and
            introduce an additional test for the financial assets with contingent features, for example environmental, social or
            governance (“ESG”)-linked features. The amendments also clarify the difference between financial assets with
            non-recourse features and contractually linked instruments which may then change the applicable assessments.


      •     The amendments introduce new disclosures for disposals of investments in equity instruments designated at fair
            value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”), and for financial instruments not measured at FVTPL which
            contain contractual terms that could change the amount of contractual cash flows based on the occurrence or
            non-occurrence of a contingent event that does not relate directly to changes in basic lending risks and costs.


      The amendments do not have material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the periods
      presented.


      The amendments would also affect the disclosures to be included in the Group’s annual financial statements for the
      year ending 31 December 2026 in respect of investments in equity instruments designated at FVTOCI. No additional
      disclosure has been included in this interim financial report.




                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026         53
Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




3 OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

     The Group has only one operating segment, which is the development, production, marketing and sale of biopharmaceutical
     products.


     Geographical information


     (a)   Revenue from external customers


                                                                                                   For the six months
                                                                                                      ended 30 June
                                                                                                       2026               2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000


            Chinese Mainland                                                                      3,368,130          4,215,107
            United States                                                                         1,003,780              6,155
            Others                                                                                  154,075            134,223


            Total revenue                                                                         4,525,985          4,355,485


           The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.


     (b)   Non-current assets


           The majority of non-current assets, including property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, goodwill, intangible
           assets and interest in equity-accounted investees, are located in Chinese Mainland.


     Information about major customers


     Revenue from individual customer which accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue is set out below:


                                                                                                   For the six months
                                                                                                      ended 30 June
                                                                                                       2026               2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000


      Customer A                                                                                    992,917                N/A




54    3S BIO INC.
                                           Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




4 REVENUE

  Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service lines and by timing of revenue
  recognition is as follows:


                                                                                          For the six months
                                                                                            ended 30 June
                                                                                             2026               2025
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


   Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of IFRS 15
      Sale of biopharmaceuticals                                                        3,443,021         4,266,790
      Licensing revenue                                                                   851,584                   –
      Contract development and manufacturing operation business                           231,380              88,695


   Total                                                                                4,525,985         4,355,485


   Timing of revenue recognition
      At a point in time                                                                4,518,203         4,355,485
      Over time                                                                             7,782                   –


   Total                                                                                4,525,985         4,355,485




                                                                                          Interim Report 2026       55
Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




5 OTHER INCOME AND NET (LOSSES)/GAINS

     An analysis of other income and net (losses)/gains is as follows:


                                                                          For the six months
                                                                           ended 30 June

                                                                            2026                2025
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000


      Other income
      Interest income                                                     223,363              83,937
      Government grants related to
        – Assets                                                           17,888              14,948
        – Income                                                           16,909              28,381
      Others                                                               15,358              11,803


      Total other income                                                  273,518          139,069


      Net (losses)/gains
      Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                          –               2,614
      Gain on disposal of intangible asset                                      –                 79
      Gain on deemed disposal of an equity-accounted investee              35,283                   –
      Foreign exchange differences, net                                  (503,308)              9,515
      Fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL, net                   78,881          252,879
      Fair value gains on derivative financial instruments                 64,035               4,133
      Fair value losses on financial liabilities at FVTPL                 (22,015)                  –


      Total net (losses)/gains                                           (347,124)         269,220


      Total other income and net (losses)/gains                           (73,606)         408,289




56    3S BIO INC.
                                                 Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




6 PROFIT BEFORE TAX

  The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                  For the six months
                                                                                   ended 30 June

                                                                                    2026                2025
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000


   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                  188,316          163,933
   Amortisation of other intangible assets                                         60,967              57,836
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                             12,787              12,837
   Amortisation of long-term deferred expenses                                      5,178               7,089
   Employee benefit expenses                                                      869,505          810,218
   Equity-settled compensation expenses                                            47,204              59,856


   Other expenses:
   Donation                                                                        12,089               4,061
   Loss on termination of a lease                                                       –                236
   Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                  923               8,333
   Provision/(reversal of provision) for impairment of trade receivables              897              (1,933)
   Provision for impairment of prepayments, other receivables and other assets     20,884               5,717
   Provision for impairment of prepayments for exclusive distribution rights       31,019                   –
   Others                                                                          28,657               9,052


   Total other expenses                                                            94,469              25,466




                                                                                  Interim Report 2026       57
Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




7 FINANCE COSTS
     An analysis of finance costs is as follows:


                                                                                                      For the six months
                                                                                                        ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2026                2025
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000


      Interest on bank borrowings                                                                      29,630              27,824
      Interest on bonds payable                                                                              –             24,307
      Interest on lease liabilities                                                                     1,270                  871


      Total                                                                                            30,900              53,002



8 INCOME TAX
     The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in which members
     of the Group are domiciled and/or operated.


     Pursuant to the relevant rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”), the Company and
     the subsidiaries of the Group incorporated therein are not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands and the BVI.


     No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made for the six months ended 30 June 2026 as the Group had no assessable
     profits arising in Hong Kong.


     Under the relevant PRC income tax law, except for Shenyang Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shenyang Sunshine”),
     Shenzhen Sciprogen Bio-pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Sciprogen”), Zhejiang Sunshine Mandi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
     (“Sunshine Mandi”), National Engineering Research Center of Antibody Medicine (“NERC”), Sunshine Guojian Pharmaceutical
     (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Sunshine Guojian”) and Guangdong Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Guangdong Sunshine”)
     which are qualified as High and New Technology Enterprises and entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% during
     the certified period, the PRC subsidiaries of the Group are subject to income tax at a rate of 25% on their respective taxable
     income.


     In accordance with the relevant Italian tax regulations, Sirton Pharmaceuticals S.p.A. (“Sirton”) is subject to income tax at a
     rate of 27.9%.


     Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to foreign investors
     from the foreign investment enterprises established in Chinese Mainland. The requirement is effective from 1 January 2008
     and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. However, a lower withholding tax rate may be applied if there is a tax treaty
     between the PRC and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors.


58    3S BIO INC.
                                               Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




8 INCOME TAX (continued)

  An analysis of the provision for tax in the interim condensed consolidated financial information is as follows:


                                                                                                      For the six months
                                                                                                        ended 30 June

                                                                                                         2026                2025
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000


   Current                                                                                            243,465           199,935
   Deferred                                                                                           (19,659)             33,188


   Total tax charge for the period                                                                    223,806           233,123


  Many countries and jurisdictions have enacted new tax laws to implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the
  Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) effective from 1 January 2024. The OECD’s Pillar Two
  initiative introduced a 15% global minimum tax applied on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis.


  The Group is within the scope of the Pillar Two model rules. The Group has applied the temporary mandatory exception
  to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from Pillar Two income taxes. The
  Group considers the current impact of the adoption of a global minimum effective tax is not material.



9 DIVIDENDS

                                                                                                      For the six months
                                                                                                        ended 30 June

                                                                                                         2026                2025
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000


   Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved
      during the following interim period, of Hong Kong Dollar (“HK$”)
      25 cents per share (six months ended 30 June 2025 – HK$25 cents per share)                      549,319           547,149


  A final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2025 of HK$25 cents per share was proposed pursuant to a
  resolution passed by the board of directors of the Company on 30 March 2026 and was approved at the annual general
  meeting of the Company on 25 June 2026. The dividend had not been paid to the shareholders of the Company during the
  six months ended 30 June 2026.



                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026      59
Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




10 EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
   SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

     The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders
     of the Company of RMB1,146,595,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (for the six months ended 30 June 2025:
     RMB1,358,204,000) and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 2,537,746,000 (for the six months ended 30
     June 2025: 2,397,137,000) of the Company outstanding during the period.


     The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the period attributable to ordinary equity
     shareholders of the Company, adjusted to reflect the effect of dilutive restricted shares issued by the subsidiaries of the
     Company. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares
     outstanding during the period, as used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and adjusted to reflect the effects of dilutive
     potential ordinary shares under share options and awarded shares.


     The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:


                                                                                                         For the six months
                                                                                                           ended 30 June

                                                                                                            2026                2025
                                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000


      Earnings
      Profit attributable to ordinary equity shareholders of the Company,
         used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                              1,146,595           1,358,204


      Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
      Adjustment in relation to restricted shares issued by the
         subsidiaries of the Company                                                                       (1,664)                   –


      Earnings for the purpose of diluted earnings per share                                           1,144,931           1,358,204




60    3S BIO INC.
                                             Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




10 EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
   SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY (continued)

                                                                                            Number of shares
                                                                                            For the six months
                                                                                              ended 30 June

                                                                                               2026               2025
                                                                                               ’000                ’000


   Shares
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during
     the reporting period used in the basic earnings per share calculation                2,537,746         2,397,137


   Effect of dilution – weighted average number of ordinary shares:
     Share options                                                                            6,691               4,903
     Awarded shares                                                                          38,374              43,107


   Total                                                                                  2,582,811         2,445,147



11 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

  During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group acquired items of property, plant and equipment with a cost of
  RMB203,342,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB167,631,000). Items of property, plant and equipment with a net
  book value of RMB2,432,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB11,726,000) were disposed of during the six months
  ended 30 June 2026, resulting in a loss on disposal of RMB687,000 (six months ended 30 June 2025: RMB8,333,000).




                                                                                            Interim Report 2026       61
Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




12 TRADE AND BILL RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                        30 June       31 December
                                                                                                           2026                2025
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


      Trade receivables                                                                               1,149,382           1,069,403
      Bill receivables                                                                                   58,477              68,209


      Total                                                                                           1,207,859           1,137,612
      Provision for impairment of trade receivables                                                     (56,968)             (56,099)


      Net carrying amount                                                                             1,150,891           1,081,513


     The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit period is generally two months, extending up to
     three months for major customers. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and overdue
     balances, which are reviewed regularly by senior management. In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s
     trade receivables relate to a large number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. Trade
     receivables are non-interest-bearing.


     An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                        30 June       31 December
                                                                                                           2026                2025
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


      Within 1 month                                                                                    584,724             452,382
      1 to 3 months                                                                                     403,129             497,356
      3 to 6 months                                                                                      85,310              30,934
      6 months to 1 year                                                                                 19,155              29,139
      1 to 2 years                                                                                        6,585              11,842
      Over 2 years                                                                                       50,479              47,750


      Total                                                                                           1,149,382           1,069,403




62    3S BIO INC.
                                              Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




13 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED DEPOSITS
                                                                                                  30 June       31 December
                                                                                                     2026                2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


   Cash at bank and on hand                                                                     6,785,032         11,945,380
   Restricted cash                                                                                       –            231,819
   Pledged deposits                                                                               135,127             132,188
   Non-pledged time deposits                                                                    7,244,643           4,224,845


   Subtotal                                                                                    14,164,802         16,534,232


   Less:
     Pledged deposits                                                                            (135,127)           (132,188)


   Cash and bank balances                                                                      14,029,675         16,402,044


   Less:
     Non-pledged time deposits – current portion                                               (5,549,072)         (3,551,534)
     Non-pledged time deposits – non-current portion                                           (1,695,571)           (673,311)


   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    6,785,032         12,177,199


  The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies. However, under Chinese Mainland’s Foreign Exchange Control
  Regulations and Administration of Settlement, and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is
  permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.


  The bank balances and deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.


  The carrying amounts of the cash and cash equivalents approximated to their fair values as at the end of the reporting period.
  Deposits of approximately RMB135,127,000 (31 December 2025: RMB132,188,000) have been pledged to secure letters of
  credit, bank acceptance bills and pending lawsuits and arbitration as at 30 June 2026.




                                                                                                   Interim Report 2026       63
Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




14 TRADE AND BILL PAYABLES

     An ageing analysis of the trade and bill payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                        30 June        31 December
                                                                                                           2026                 2025
                                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


      Within 3 months                                                                                   192,738             215,196
      3 to 6 months                                                                                      35,932               18,023
      Over 6 months                                                                                        7,608              11,454


      Total                                                                                             236,278             244,673


     The trade and bill payables are non-interest-bearing and repayable within the normal operating cycle or on demand.



15 OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                                        30 June        31 December
                                                                                                           2026                 2025
                                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


      Accrued selling and marketing expenses                                                            853,451             948,451
      Accrued salaries, bonuses and welfare expenses                                                    198,061             169,958
      Taxes payable (other than income tax)                                                              75,654               49,749
      Payable to vendors of property, plant and equipment, other intangible
         assets and research and development service fee                                                132,562             211,579
      Dividends payable                                                                                 549,319                     –
      Others                                                                                            210,768             179,104


      Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost                                                2,019,815           1,558,841
      Contract liabilities                                                                               97,904             211,528


      Total                                                                                           2,117,719           1,770,369


     Other payables are non-interest-bearing.




64    3S BIO INC.
                                                           Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




16 SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                                              30 June             31 December
                                                                                                                                  2026                  2025
                                                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000


       Issued and fully paid:
       2,538,084,412 (31 December 2025: 2,538,005,412)
         ordinary shares                                                                                                           156                   156


  A summary of movements in the Company’s issued share capital for the six months ended 30 June 2026 is as follows:


                                                                                                 Number of                      Share                  Share
                                                                                           shares in issue                     capital               premium
                                                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000


       Ordinary shares of USD0.00001 each at
         31 December 2025 and 1 January 2026                                                 2,538,005,412                         156              5,759,181
       Share options exercised                                                                        79,000                           –*                768
       2025 final dividend declared (Note 9)**                                                                –                        –             (549,319)


       Ordinary shares of USD0.00001 each at 30 June 2026                                    2,538,084,412                         156              5,210,630


  *        The increase in share capital resulting from the share option exercises in the six months ended 30 June 2026 was less than RMB1,000.


  **       The Company declared the 2025 final dividend out of the Company’s share premium account.




                                                                                                                              Interim Report 2026           65
Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




17 SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES

     Share option scheme adopted by the Company


     The Company has adopted a share option scheme (as amended in 2025), pursuant to which, a total of 20,000,000 share
     options, each of which entitles the holders to subscribe for one ordinary share of the Company at an exercise price of
     HK$7.62, being the weighted average closing price of the Company’s ordinary shares immediately before the grant.


     During the six months ended 30 June 2026, 79,000 share options (six months ended 30 June 2025: 4,012,500) were
     exercised.


     Share award scheme adopted by the Company


     Pursuant to the share award scheme (as amended in 2025), the Company may grant its own shares to the eligible persons at
     nil consideration. The awarded shares are subject to vesting conditions and will lapse if the vesting conditions are not met.


     During the six months ended 30 June 2026, no awarded shares (six months ended 30 June 2025: nil) were granted to the
     employees of the Group and no awarded shares (six months ended 30 June 2025: nil) were vested.


     Restricted share incentive plan adopted by Sunshine Guojian


     As part of the Group’s initiatives to recognise the contributions of the selected participants, attract suitable personnel and
     provide the selected participants with a direct economic interest in attaining a long-term relationship between the Group and
     the selected participants, the board of directors of Sunshine Guojian approved the adoption of a restricted share incentive
     plan. The restricted shares are subject to vesting conditions, and will lapse if the vesting conditions are not met.


     During the six months ended 30 June 2026, no restricted shares (six months ended 30 June 2025: 1,157,000 restricted
     shares with exercise price of RMB11.83 per share) were granted to the employees of Sunshine Guojian and no restricted
     shares (six months ended 30 June 2025: nil) were vested under the restricted share incentive plan.


     Equity incentive plan adopted by Mandi Inc. (“Mandi”)


     On 10 November 2025, as part of the Group’s initiatives to incentivise the performance of its directors, senior management
     and employees, the board of directors of Mandi has resolved to issue 640 restricted shares to selected participants as a
     recognition and reward of the selected participants’ contributions to operation and development of the business of Mandi.


     During the six months ended 30 June 2026, no restricted shares (six months ended 30 June 2025: nil) were vested.




66    3S BIO INC.
                                                 Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




18 NON-CURRENT PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND
   OTHER ASSETS

  During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the Group provided a loan of RMB260 million to a third party. The loan bears an
  interest of 6% p.a. and will be repaid by instalment in 7 years.



19 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

  Arbitration of Sunshine Guojian


  In July 2021, Aohai Biotechnology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Aohai”) filed an arbitration application with Shanghai International
  Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for a dispute with regard to its collaboration with Sunshine Guojian and the
  application has been accepted. Aohai requested to terminate its cooperation agreement with Sunshine Guojian signed in
  December 2015 with a compensation of RMB131.4 million. In August 2021, Sunshine Guojian received the dispute notice
  with a compensation of RMB131.1 million. In December 2022, Aohai altered the dispute application with a compensation of
  RMB401.02 million. At the date of approval of the interim financial report, the arbitration is still in progress.


  The directors of the Company have made an overall analysis and considered that the possibility of compensation is remote.
  There is no significant impact on the interim financial report as at 30 June 2026.




                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026   67
Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




20 COMMITMENTS

     The Group had the following contractual commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                      30 June       31 December
                                                                                                         2026                 2025
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


      Contracted, but not provided for:
         Plant and machinery                                                                          328,386             151,644



21 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     Details of the Group’s principal related parties are as follows:


      Company                                                           Relationship with the Group


      Shenyang Sunshine Logistics Co., Ltd.                             Joint venture
         (“Shenyang Sunshine Logistics”)
      Tieling Staff Hospital (“Tieling Staff Hospital”)                 Associate
      Dalian Huansheng Medical Management Co., Ltd.                     The legal representative of Dalian Huansheng is the director
         (“Dalian Huansheng”)                                             of the Company
      Zhejiang Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                        Under control of certain middle management personnel of
         (“Zhejiang Sunshine”)                                            the Company
      Shanghai Huansheng Enterprise Consulting Co., Ltd.                A non-controlling shareholder of Liaoning Sansheng Private
         (“Shanghai Huansheng”)                                           Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership)
      Shanghai Sunshine Guojian Biotechnology Research                  A private non-enterprise unit set up by Sunshine Guojian
         Institute (“Guojian Biotechnology”)




68    3S BIO INC.
                                              Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




21 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

  (a)   The Group had the following other transactions with related parties during the period:


                                                                                                  For the six months
                                                                                                   ended 30 June

                                                                                                    2026                2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000


         Lease from Shenyang Sunshine Logistics                                                     1,793               1,922
         Services received from Dalian Huansheng                                                    2,130               2,464
         Lease to Guojian Biotechnology                                                                28                 28
         Sales of products to Tieling Staff Hospital                                                  357                455


  (b)   The Group had the following loans with related parties during the period:


                                                                                                  For the six months
                                                                                                   ended 30 June

                                                                                                    2026                2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000


         Extension of loans to Dalian Huansheng                                                         –              10,000
         Loans to Shanghai Huansheng                                                                    –               2,500
         Interest income on loans to related parties                                                1,099              10,823




                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026       69
Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




21 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

     (c)   Outstanding balances with related parties:


           The Group had the following significant balances with its related parties at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                                                 30 June           31 December
                                                                                                                                     2026                     2025
                                                                                                          Notes                RMB’000                  RMB’000


                  Due from related parties, net of loss allowance
                    Dalian Huansheng                                                                         (i)                   11,880                  11,880
                    Shanghai Huansheng                                                                       (ii)                    1,100                   6,875
                    Tieling Staff Hospital                                                                   (iii)                      403                16,086
                    Zhejiang Sunshine                                                                        (iv)                         –                        –


                                                                                                                                   13,383                  34,841


           Notes:


           (i)        It represents loans to Dalian Huansheng with the principal amount of RMB10,000,000 and RMB12,000,000 at an annual interest rate of 3.29% and
                      2.11%, respectively. The maturity dates are 26 May 2028 and 30 November 2026, respectively.


           (ii)       It represents loans to Shanghai Huansheng with the principal amount of RMB10,000,000 and RMB2,500,000 at an annual interest rate of 2.50%
                      and 2.50%, respectively. The maturity dates of these loans are 14 September 2026 and 21 May 2027, respectively.


           (iii)      It represents loans to Tieling Staff Hospital with the principal amount of RMB27,200,000 and RMB7,880,000 at an annual interest rate of 4.50% and
                      3.29%, respectively. The maturity dates of these loans are 31 December 2027 and 31 December 2029, respectively.


           (iv)       It represents loans to Zhejiang Sunshine with the principal amount of RMB30,000,000 and RMB55,000,000 at an annual interest rate of 3.48% and
                      3.15%, respectively. The maturity dates of these loans are 7 August 2028 and 16 December 2028, respectively.




70    3S BIO INC.
                                                Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




21 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

  (d)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:


                                                                                                     For the six months
                                                                                                       ended 30 June

                                                                                                        2026                2025
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


         Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                      4,206               5,231
         Pension scheme contributions                                                                     321                347
         Equity-settled compensation expenses                                                           3,028               9,714


         Total                                                                                          7,555             15,292



22 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS

  (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value


        The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies and
        procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance manager reports directly to the chief
        financial officer and the audit committee. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the movements in the
        values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and
        approved by the chief financial officer. The valuation process and results are discussed with the audit committee twice
        a year for interim and annual financial reporting.


        The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be
        exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.




                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026       71
Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




22 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (continued)

     (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)


           (i)   Fair value hierarchy


                 The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:


                 Assets measured at fair value:


                 As at 30 June 2026


                                                                                   Fair value measurement using
                                                                 Quoted prices        Significant       Significant
                                                                       in active      observable     unobservable
                                                                       markets            inputs            inputs
                                                                       (Level 1)        (Level 2)         (Level 3)              Total
                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000


                  Equity investments measured at fair value
                    Listed equity investments                           97,454                  –                –              97,454
                    Unlisted equity investments                               –          339,073          452,561              791,634
                  Financial assets measured at FVTPL
                    Treasury or cash management products                      –        5,126,837                 –        5,126,837
                  Derivative financial instruments                            –           58,393                 –              58,393


                  Total                                                 97,454         5,524,303          452,561         6,074,318




72    3S BIO INC.
                                                  Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




22 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (continued)

  (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)


        (i)   Fair value hierarchy (continued)


              The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments: (continued)


              Assets measured at fair value: (continued)


              As at 31 December 2025


                                                                                  Fair value measurement using
                                                               Quoted prices         Significant      Significant
                                                                     in active      observable     unobservable
                                                                     markets             inputs           inputs
                                                                     (Level 1)         (Level 2)        (Level 3)            Total
                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


               Equity investments measured at fair value
                 Listed equity investments                           147,797                  –                  –        147,797
                 Unlisted equity investments                                –         627,125                    –        627,125
               Financial assets measured at FVTPL
                 Treasury or cash management products                586,247         3,271,418                   –      3,857,665
               Derivative financial instruments                             –           11,786                   –         11,786


               Total                                                 734,044         3,910,329                   –      4,644,373




                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026        73
Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




22 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (continued)

     (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)


           (i)   Fair value hierarchy (continued)


                 The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments: (continued)


                 Liabilities measured at fair value:


                 As at 30 June 2026


                                                                                    Fair value measurement using
                                                                 Quoted prices         Significant      Significant
                                                                       in active      observable      unobservable
                                                                       markets             inputs            inputs
                                                                       (Level 1)         (Level 2)         (Level 3)            Total
                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


                  Derivative financial instruments                             –           16,971                   –         16,971
                  Financial liabilities at FVTPL                               –                 –         361,557           361,557


                  Total                                                        –           16,971          361,557           378,528


                 As at 31 December 2025


                                                                                     Fair value measurement using
                                                                  Quoted prices         Significant      Significant
                                                                        in active      observable     unobservable
                                                                        markets             inputs           inputs
                                                                        (Level 1)         (Level 2)        (Level 3)            Total
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


                  Financial liabilities at FVTPL                               –                 –         352,266           352,266


                 During the six months ended 30 June 2026, the level of fair value hierarchy of certain unlisted equity investments
                 was transferred from Level 2 into Level 3 as these equity investments have no recent transaction price as of 30
                 June 2026 and adopted valuation technique using significant unobservable inputs.


74    3S BIO INC.
                                                Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




22 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (continued)

  (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)


        (ii)    Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurements


                The fair values of listed equity investments are based on quoted market prices.


                The fair values of unlisted equity investments have been estimated using valuation methodologies with observable
                market input or by reference to the recent transaction price or the latest round of financing price having
                considered that the investees are in normal operation without significant business milestone events.


                Treasury or cash management products represent wealth management products issued by banks and other
                financial institutions. The Group has estimated the fair value of these investments by using a discounted cash flow
                valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar terms and risks.


        (iii)   Information about Level 3 fair value measurements


                                                                                 Significant
                                               Valuation techniques              unobservable inputs                   Range


                 Unlisted equity investments Market approach                     Discount for lack of marketability    16.0%
                                                                                   (“DLOM”)
                                               Cost approach                     Expected return rate                  20.0%


                 Financial liabilities at FVTPL Discounted cash flow method      Discount rate                         12.8%
                                                 and equity allocation model
                                                                                 Expected volatility                   37.22%


                The Group used discounted cash flow method and equity allocation model to determine the fair value
                of the financial liabilities at FVTPL. As at 30 June 2026, it is estimated that with all other variables held
                constant, a decrease/increase in discount rate by 1% would have decreased/increased the Group’s profit by
                RMB25,699,000/20,840,000, and a decrease/increase in expected volatility by 5% would have increased/
                decreased the Group’s profit by RMB1,006,000/1,046,000.




                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026      75
Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




22 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (continued)

     (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)


           (iii)   Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)


                   The movement during the period in the balance of Level 3 fair value measurements is as follows:


                                                                                                                 Unlisted equity
                                                                                                                      investment
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


                    At 1 January 2026                                                                                            –
                    Transfer from Level 2                                                                                397,892
                    Transfer from interests in equity-accounted investees                                                 74,164
                    Additional investments                                                                                  4,321
                    Net unrealised losses recognised in profit or loss during the period                                     (812)
                    Distributions received                                                                               (19,647)
                    Net unrealised gains recognised in other comprehensive income during the period                         3,895
                    Exchange adjustments                                                                                   (7,252)


                    At 30 June 2026                                                                                      452,561


                                                                                                                     Redemption
                                                                                                                        liabilities
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


                    At 1 January 2026                                                                                   (352,266)
                    Changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss during the period                                 (22,015)
                    Exchange differences                                                                                  12,724


                    At 30 June 2026                                                                                     (361,557)


                    Total losses for the period included in profit or loss for assets and
                      liabilities held at the end of the reporting period                                                (22,827)




76    3S BIO INC.
                                                Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




22 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (continued)

  (a)   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value (continued)


        (iii)   Information about Level 3 fair value measurements (continued)


                Any gains or losses arising from the remeasurement of the Group’s unlisted equity securities held for strategic
                purposes are recognised in the fair value reserve (non-recycling) in other comprehensive income. Upon disposal
                of the equity securities, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income is transferred directly to retained
                earnings.


                Net unrealised losses of unlisted equity investments and changes in fair value of financial liabilities are presented
                in the “Other income and net gains/(losses)” line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


  (b)   Financial assets and liabilities carried at other than fair value


        The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost were not materially different
        from their fair values as at 31 December 2025 and 30 June 2026.



23 EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

  On 20 August 2026, the board of directors and the board of supervisors of Sunshine Guojian reviewed and approved the
  2026 profit distribution plan, which included a cash dividend of RMB37,641,000 (equivalent to a cash dividend of RMB0.042
  per share). This profit distribution plan was still subject to the approval of the general meeting of Sunshine Guojian.




                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026        77
Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




24 POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS, AND
   INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE
   SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026

     A number of amendments and new standards are not yet mandatory for annual periods beginning 1 January 2026. Earlier
     application is permitted; however, the Group has not early adopted any new or amended standards in preparing this interim
     financial report.


     The following updates the information provided in the last annual financial statements about the possible impacts of IFRS 18
     which may have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements when adopted.


     IFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements


     IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1, Presentation of financial statements, and is first effective for annual reporting periods beginning on
     or after 1 January 2027.


     IFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation and disclosure in financial statements, including new categories and
     defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss, enhanced requirements for aggregation and disaggregation of information,
     and specific disclosures about management-defined performance measures. The Group is assessing the expected impact
     that the initial application of HKFRS 18 will have on its consolidated financial statements.


     The Group expects that the adoption of IFRS 18 will not change the Group’s net assets or net profit. However, it is expected
     to affect the presentation of the Group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss and related note disclosures. Based on the
     work performed to date, the Group’s assessment on the expected impact of the initial application of IFRS 18 is summarised
     below. The assessment remains subject to change as the Group continues its implementation work.




78    3S BIO INC.
                                               Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




24 POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS, AND
   INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE
   SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026 (continued)

  IFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements (continued)


  (a)   Structure of the statement of profit or loss


        IFRS 18 requires entities to classify income and expenses into specified categories in the statement of profit or loss,
        including operating, investing, and financing categories. It also requires entities to present two newly defined subtotals,
        which are “operating profit” and “profit or loss before financing and income taxes”. The operating profit subtotal
        is expected to differ from the current profit from operations subtotal presented by the Group. Based on the work
        performed to date, the Group also expects the following changes to the consolidated statement of profit or loss:


        •     Dividend, interest income, and net fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL, which are currently presented in
              the Group’s other income and net gains/(losses) subtotal, as well as the share of profits less losses of associates
              and a joint venture are expected to be classified in the investing category. The income and expenses classified
              in the investing category, together with the subtotal “operating profit”, will form the new subtotal “profit or loss
              before financing and income taxes”;


        •     The Group is assessing the classification of income and expenses as currently included in the finance cost line
              item and expects that this line item will be disaggregated into “income and expenses on liabilities arising solely
              from raising of finance” and “interest expenses on other liabilities” in the financing category;


        •     The Group is required to assess the classification of foreign exchange differences in the same category as the
              income and expenses from the items that gave rise to the differences, unless doing so would involve undue cost
              or effort; and


        •     The Group currently presents operating expenses by function. The Group is assessing whether its current
              presentation, or a mixed presentation by nature and function, will provide the most useful structured summary of
              its operating expenses under IFRS 18. If the Group continues to present one or more operating expense line item
              by function, information about five specific expenses by nature will be provided in a single note to the financial
              statements.




                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026      79
Notes to Unaudited Interim Financial Report




24 POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS, AND
   INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE
   SIX MONTHS ENDED 30 JUNE 2026 (continued)
     IFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements (continued)

     (b)   Management-defined performance measures (“MPM”)


           MPMs are subtotals of income and expenses used in public communications outside the financial statements that
           communicate management’s view of an aspect of the financial performance of the entity as a whole to users. Based
           on the Group’s current assessment, “adjusted EBITDA”, which excludes share-based payment expenses, fair value
           gains or losses on financial instruments at FVTPL and non-operating foreign exchange differences, is identified as a
           MPM since it is currently being reported by the Group in its management commentary, press releases, and investor
           presentations. The Group is also developing a process to identify its public communications and assess whether other
           measures reported in those communications meet the definition of an MPM.


           The Group will be required to disclose specific information about MPMs in a single note in the financial statements. The
           MPMs disclosed by the Group following adoption of IFRS 18 will be determined based on public communications issued
           by the Group relating to the same reporting period.


     (c)   Principles of aggregation and disaggregation


           IFRS 18 provides enhanced principles on how to group information in the financial statements, including the primary
           financial statements and the notes. It also introduces guidance on labelling and describing items presented in the
           primary financial statements or disclosed in the notes.


           The Group has been consistently applied the principles of aggregating and disaggregating the items on the basis of
           similar and dissimilar characteristics. The Group is also assessing line items currently labelled as “other” across the
           primary financial statements and the notes and expects to use more informative labels where material information would
           otherwise be obscured.


           IFRS 18 also introduces consequential amendments to IAS 7, Statement of cash flows. The Group is assessing the
           impact of those amendments, including the requirement to use the newly defined operating profit subtotal as the
           starting point for the statement of cash flows when presenting operating cash flows under the indirect method and the
           classification of interest and dividend cash flows.


           The actual impact of applying IFRS 18 may change as the Group continues to assess the new requirements and
           finalises any changes to its reporting processes, controls and accounting policies before the date of initial application.


25 APPROVAL OF ISSUANCE OF THE UNAUDITED INTERIM
   FINANCIAL REPORT
     The unaudited interim financial report was approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 20 August 2026.



80    3S BIO INC.
