(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
Stock Code : 01530
Contents
2    Company Overview

3    Corporate Information

5    Financial Highlights

6    Management Discussion and Analysis

26   Corporate Governance and Other Information

37   Independent Review Report

39   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

40   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

41   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

43   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

45   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

47   Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
Company Overview

3SBio Inc. (the “Company” or “3SBio”, with its subsidiaries collectively, the “Group”) is a leading biotechnology company in the
People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). As a pioneer in the Chinese biotechnology industry, the Group has extensive expertise
in researching, developing, manufacturing and marketing bio-pharmaceuticals. The core commercialized products of the Group
include several bio-pharmaceutical drugs, TPIAO (特比澳), recombinant human erythropoietin (“rhEPO”) products EPIAO (益
比奥) and SEPO (賽博爾), Yisaipu (益賽普) and Cipterbin (賽普汀), and a small molecule drug, Mandi (蔓迪). TPIAO is the only
commercialized recombinant human thrombopoietin (“rhTPO”) product in the world. According to IQVIA1, the market share in the
treatment of thrombocytopenia of TPIAO in Mainland China2 was 63.0% in the first half of 2025 in terms of sales value. With its two
rhEPO products, the Group has been the premier market leader in the Mainland China rhEPO market for over two decades, holding
a total market share of 41.5% in the first half of 2025. Yisaipu is the first-to-market Tumour Necrosis Factor (“TNF”) α inhibitor
product in Mainland China. Mandi has a dominant position in the Mainland China minoxidil market. The Group has been expanding
its therapeutic coverage by adding products through internal research and development (“R&D”) and various external strategic
partnerships.


As at 30 June 2025, amongst the 30 key product candidates within the Group’s active pipeline, 27 were being developed as
innovative drugs in Mainland China. 18 are antibodies, 6 are other biologic products, and 6 are small molecule drugs. The Group
has 14 product candidates in hematology/oncology; 10 product candidates that target auto-immune diseases including plaque
psoriasis, atopic dermatitis, gouty arthritis, etc., ophthalmic disease (branch retinal vein occlusion (“BRVO”)), and other diseases; 3
product candidates in nephrology; 2 product candidates in dermatology and 1 product candidate in metabolic diseases.


The Group operates in a highly attractive industry. Biotechnology has revolutionized the pharmaceutical industry by addressing
unmet medical needs and offering innovative treatments for a wide array of human diseases. In Mainland China, the biotechnology
industry enjoys strong government support and has been named by the State Council of the PRC as a key strategic emerging
industry. Strong government support along with increasing physician adoption of biopharmaceuticals has driven strong industry
growth in Mainland China.


The Group is positioned for global expansion. In the six months ended 30 June 2025 (the “Reporting Period”), the Group’s
products were sold in 20 countries. The investigational new drug (“IND”) applications of five candidates in the Group’s pipeline have
been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”). As announced in May 2025, the Group has entered a global
collaboration with Pfizer Inc. (“Pfizer”) on the anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (“VEGF”)/programmed cell death protein 1
(“PD-1”) bi-specific antibody (“BsAb”) (Group R&D code: 707 Injection). The Group aims to focus its R&D to provide more innovative
therapeutics for patients in Mainland China and globally.


As at 30 June 2025, the Group had operation facilities in Shenyang, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Dongguan and Shenzhen, all in Mainland
China, as well as in Como, Italy, with 6,268 employees. The Group’s pharmaceutical products are marketed and sold in all
provinces, autonomous regions and special municipalities in Mainland China, as well as a number of foreign countries and regions.
During the Reporting Period, the Group’s nationwide sales and distribution network enabled it to sell its products to nearly 10,000
hospitals and medical institutions in Mainland China.


1
      All market share information throughout this report cites the IQVIA data, unless otherwise noted.
2
      Hereinafter referred to as the mainland area of the PRC.



2       3SBIO INC.
                                                    Corporate Information


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                     REGISTERED OFFICE (IN THE
Executive Directors                                     CAYMAN ISLANDS)
Dr. LOU Jing (Chairman & Chief Executive Officer)
                                                       Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
Ms. SU Dongmei
                                                       PO Box 2681
                                                       Grand Cayman, KY1-1111
Non-executive Director
                                                       Cayman Islands
Ms. ZHANG Jiaoe


Independent Non-executive Directors                    HEADQUARTERS
Mr. PU Tianruo                                         No. 3 A1, Road 10

Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi                                  Shenyang Economy and Technology Development Zone

Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry                                  Shenyang
                                                       PRC

COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. LAI Siu Kuen                                       PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
                                                        BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
AUTHORIZED                                             Room 1918, 19/F

 REPRESENTATIVES                                       Lee Garden One

Ms. SU Dongmei                                         33 Hysan Avenue

Ms. LAI Siu Kuen                                       Causeway Bay
                                                       Hong Kong SAR
                                                       PRC
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Mr. PU Tianruo (Chairman)
Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi                                  PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry                                   AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                       Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                 Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi (Chairlady)                      PO Box 2681
Mr. PU Tianruo                                         Grand Cayman, KY1-1111
Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry                                  Cayman Islands


NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                   HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Dr. LOU Jing (Chairman)
                                                       Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry
                                                       Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi
                                                       Hopewell Centre
  (committee membership effective from 25 June 2025)
                                                       183 Queen’s Road East
Mr. PU Tianruo
                                                       Wanchai, Hong Kong SAR
  (committee membership ended on 25 June 2025)
                                                       PRC


                                                                                        Interim Report 2025   3
Corporate Information




LEGAL ADVISERS                               AUDITORS
As to Hong Kong law and United States law:   Ernst & Young
Baker & McKenzie                             Certified Public Accountants
14th Floor, One Taikoo Place                 Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
979 King’s Road                              27th Floor, One Taikoo Place
Quarry Bay                                   979 King’s Road
Hong Kong SAR                                Quarry Bay
PRC                                          Hong Kong SAR
                                             PRC
As to PRC law:
Jingtian & Gongcheng                         SECURITIES CODE
34th Floor, Tower 3, China Central Place     Shares Listing
77 Jianguo Road
                                             Ordinary Shares
Chaoyang District
                                             The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Beijing, PRC
                                             (Stock Code: 01530)

As to Cayman Islands law:
Conyers Dill & Pearman
                                             COMPANY’S WEBSITE
                                             www.3sbio.com
29th Floor, One Exchange Square
8 Connaught Place
Central                                      PRINCIPAL BANK
Hong Kong SAR                                Industrial Bank Co., Ltd., Shenyang Branch
PRC                                          No. 77 Wenhua Road
                                             Heping District
                                             Shenyang, PRC




4         3SBIO INC.
                                                                               Financial Highlights*

•   Revenue decreased by RMB33.9 million or 0.8% to RMB4,355.5 million, as compared to the six months ended 30
    June 2024.


•   Gross profit decreased by RMB81.6 million or 2.1% to RMB3,715.8 million, as compared to the six months ended 30
    June 2024. The gross profit margin decreased to 85.3% from 86.5% for the six months ended 30 June 2024.


•   Net profit attributable to owners of the parent increased by RMB268.3 million or 24.6% to RMB1,358.2 million, as
    compared to the six months ended 30 June 2024. Net profit attributable to owners of the parent adjusted for non-
    operating items3 increased by RMB23.4 million or 2.1% to RMB1,135.8 million, as compared to the six months ended
    30 June 2024.


•   EBITDA increased by RMB191.0 million or 11.6% to RMB1,832.5 million, as compared to the six months ended 30
    June 2024. EBITDA adjusted for non-operating items4 decreased by RMB53.8 million or 3.2% to RMB1,610.1 million,
    as compared to the six months ended 30 June 2024.


*   All numbers in the “Financial Highlights” section are subject to rounding adjustments and therefore are approximate numbers only.




3
    The net profit attributable to owners of the parent adjusted for non-operating items is defined as the profit attributable to owners of the parent for the period
    excluding, as applicable (such excluded items, as applicable, “Excluded Items”): (a) the expenses associated with the awarded shares granted by 3SBio in
    September 2024; (b) the expenses associated with the awarded shares granted under a restricted share incentive plan by Sunshine Guojian Pharmaceutical (Shanghai)
    Co., Ltd. (“Sunshine Guojian”), an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of 3SBio, in July 2024; (c) fair value gains or losses on financial assets at fair value through
    profit or loss (“FVTPL”); and (d) non-operating foreign exchange gains or losses.
4
    The EBITDA adjusted for non-operating items is defined as the EBITDA for the period excluding the Excluded Items.


                                                                                                                                        Interim Report 2025               5
Management Discussion and Analysis


BUSINESS REVIEW

Key Events


Cooperation with Duality Biologics in respect of HER2 ADC Drug


As announced on 13 January 2025, Shenyang Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shenyang Sunshine”), a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, and its subsidiaries entered into a cooperation agreement with Duality Biologics (Shanghai) Co.,
Ltd. (“Duality Biologics”), a clinical-stage innovative biopharmaceutical company focusing on the R&D of next-generation ADC
therapeutic agents for patients suffering from cancers and autoimmune diseases, in respect of a HER2 ADC drug DB-1303.
Pursuant to the agreement, Shenyang Sunshine will obtain the commercialization right of the HER2 ADC drug DB-1303 developed
by Duality Biologics for various indications in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Macau. Shenyang Sunshine will pay Duality Biologics
an initial payment as well as R&D and sales milestone payments in accordance with the agreement. Meanwhile, Duality Biologics will
continue to be responsible for the clinical development, registration and other works of the relevant indications in the cooperation
regions.


707 Injection Granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation by NMPA


On 17 April 2025, the anti-VEGF/PD-1 BsAb (Group R&D code: 707 Injection), independently developed by 3SBio, was granted a
Breakthrough Therapy Designation (“BTD”) by the National Medical Products Administration (“NMPA”) of the PRC. The designated
indication is the first-line treatment of PD-L1 positive locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (“NSCLC”).


707 Injection is a bispecific antibody targeting VEGF/PD-1, independently developed by 3SBio based on its proprietary CLF2
platform. It is currently undergoing multiple clinical studies in Mainland China, including a phase III clinical study for the first-line
treatment of PD-L1 positive locally advanced or metastatic NSCLC already approved by the Center for Drug Evaluation (“CDE”) of
the NMPA. Additionally, 707 Injection is undergoing several phase II studies in Mainland China, including combination therapy with
chemotherapy for the first-line treatment of advanced NSCLC, metastatic colorectal cancer, and advanced gynecological tumours.
It has also received approval from the U.S. FDA in relation to its IND application.


The CDE will provide policy support for drugs that have been granted BTDs, prioritize resource allocation for communication,
enhance guidance, and accelerate drug development. When submitting an New Drug Application (“NDA”), if it is evaluated to meet
the relevant conditions, the qualification for priority review and approval may be granted, expediting the market launch process.




6       3SBIO INC.
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




707 Out-license to Pfizer


— License Agreement


On 19 May 2025, the Company, Shenyang Sunshine and Pfizer entered into an exclusive licensing agreement (the “License
Agreement”). Sunshine Guojian will also join as a signing party through a joinder agreement.


Pursuant to the License Agreement, the Company and Shenyang Sunshine will grant an exclusive license to Pfizer to develop,
manufacture, commercialize, and otherwise exploit the Group’s breakthrough PD-1/VEGF BsAb (“707”) worldwide excluding
Mainland China (the “Licensed Territory”). The Company and Shenyang Sunshine will retain the development, manufacturing,
commercialization, and other exploitation rights of 707 within Mainland China. Pfizer will have the option of commercialization rights
in Mainland China.


Pfizer shall be responsible for bearing all costs of the development and regulatory affairs for all future trials of 707 in the Licensed
Territory.


Pursuant to the License Agreement, the Group shall receive an upfront payment of USD1,250 million and may receive potential
payments totaling up to USD4,800 million, including development, regulatory approval and sales milestone payments. All such
payments are non-refundable and non-creditable. The Group will also receive a tiered double-digit percentage of royalties on net
product sales in the Licensed Territory.


The License Agreement came into effect on 24 July 2025.


For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 20 May 2025 and 24 July 2025.


— Option Agreement


The option agreement in respect of Pfizer’s option to commercialize 707 in mainland China (the “Option Agreement”) has also
come into effect as of 24 July 2025. The Option Agreement grants Pfizer an exclusive option to develop and commercialize 707
in the PRC. The Group will receive non-refundable and non-creditable option fee and exercise fee totaling no more than USD150
million. Upon exercise of such option as contemplated under the Option Agreement, the licensed territory under the License
Agreement will be worldwide. The Group retains the right to supply 707 pursuant to the Clinical Supply Agreement executed on 2
July 2025 and the Commercial Supply Agreement to be negotiated if Pfizer exercises the option under the Option Agreement.


For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 20 May 2025 and 24 July 2025.




                                                                                                            Interim Report 2025       7
Management Discussion and Analysis




— Subscription of New Shares by Pfizer


On 24 July 2025, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with Pfizer. Completion of the subscription took place on 1
August 2025. A total of 31,142,500 ordinary shares of the Company (one ordinary share of Company, par value of USD0.00001,
“Share”) (all such 31,142,500 Shares, “Pfizer Shares”) have been successfully issued to Pfizer at the subscription price of
HKD25.2055 per share. The subscription price represents a discount of approximately 17.09% to the closing price of HK$30.40 per
ordinary share as quoted on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKEx”) on the date of the subscription agreement and
a discount of approximately 15.47% to the average closing price of HK$29.82 per ordinary share as quoted on the HKEx for the last
five trading days immediately preceding the date of the subscription agreement. The Pfizer Shares represent (i) approximately 1.30%
of the issued share capital of the Company immediately before completion; and (ii) approximately 1.28% of the issued share capital
of the Company as enlarged by the issue and allotment of the Pfizer Shares. The aggregate nominal value of the Pfizer Shares was
US$311.425.


The aggregate gross proceeds from the subscription amounted to approximately HKD785.0 million and the net proceeds arising
from the subscription amounted to approximately HK$785.0 million considering the estimated expenses for the subscription.
Accordingly, the net subscription price was approximately HK$25.2055 per subscription share. As disclosed in the Company’s
announcement dated 24 July 2025, the Company intends to use (i) approximately HKD628.0 million (representing 80% of the
net proceeds) for the global R&D arrangement of clinical and preclinical programs in the rich pipeline, as well as for enhancing
manufacturing facilities; and (ii) approximately HKD157.0 million (representing 20% of the net proceeds) for other general corporate
purposes.


The Subscription represents a good opportunity to (i) secure additional funding for the Company and enhance the Company’s
shareholder base with Pfizer as a strategic investor; and (ii) further empower its business growth and grant the Company more
support and flexibility on the pipeline development initiatives, unlocking greater potential of its assets in global market and in turn
generating sustainable long-term returns for the Company and its shareholders.


For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 24 July 2025 and 1 August 2025.


Key Events after the Reporting Period


Please refer to the immediately preceding subsection “Subscription of New Shares by Pfizer” in the section headed “Key Events” in
this report above.




8      3SBIO INC.
                                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis




Key Commercialized Products


TPIAO


TPIAO is the Group’s self-developed proprietary product, and has been the only commercialized rhTPO product in the world
since its launch in 2005. TPIAO has been approved by the NMPA for three indications: the treatment of chemotherapy-induced
thrombocytopenia (“CIT”), immune thrombocytopenia (“ITP”) and pediatric ITP. TPIAO has the advantages of higher efficacy, faster
platelet recovery and fewer side effects as compared to alternative treatments for CIT and ITP.


TPIAO has been listed on the National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-Related Injury Insurance and
Maternity Insurance (《國家基本醫療保險、工傷保險和生育保險藥品目錄》) (“NRDL”) as a Class B Drug for the treatment of CIT
in patients with solid tumors or ITP since 2017. In the “Guidelines of CSCO – Cancer Therapy Induced Thrombocytopenia (2024
version)”5, rhTPO is listed as a treatment choice with the highest level recommendation, the Grade I recommendation. According to
the “Adapted Guideline for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Primary Immune Thrombocytopenia for Chinese Children (2021)”6, rhTPO
is the preferred choice among the conventional second line treatments. According to the “Chinese Guideline on the Diagnosis
and Management of Adult Primary Immune Thrombocytopenia (2020 version)”7, rhTPO is one of the primary treatments for ITP
emergency cases and is the preferred choice in the second line treatments list for both ITP and ITP in pregnancy. In “Consensus on
the Clinical Diagnosis, Treatment, and Prevention of Chemotherapy-Induced Thrombocytopenia in China (2019 version)”8, rhTPO is
one of the primary treatments for CIT. rhTPO has also received similar professional endorsements in several national guidelines and
experts consensus on treating certain other diseases in Mainland China.


Future growth of TPIAO may be driven by: (i) the enhanced market position as for inpatients attributable to its safety and efficacy,
and its continually supplanting traditional interleukin (“IL”) platelet-raising drugs in clinical use; (ii) the continued increase in the
number of hospitals covered; and (iii) the expansion of indications. In the first half of 2025, its market share for the treatment of
thrombocytopenia in Mainland China was 30.1% in terms of sales volume and 63.0% in terms of sales value. In July 2024, the
primary endpoint has been achieved in the trial of phase III clinical study of TPIAO in the treatment of patients with chronic liver
disease (“CLD”) related thrombocytopenia who are candidates for invasive surgery. 3SBio submitted a marketing application for this
indication to the NMPA in August 2024 and the application was accepted.




5
      Issued by the Chinese Society of Clinical Oncology (“CSCO”)
6
      Issued by the Subspecialty Group of Hematologic Diseases, the Society of Pediatrics, Chinese Medical Association (the “CMA”); the Editorial Board, Chinese Journal
      of Pediatrics
7
      Issued by the Thrombosis and Hemostasis Group of the Chinese Society of Hematology of the CMA
8
      Issued by the Society of Chemotherapy, China Anti-Cancer Association; and Committee of Neoplastic Supportive-Care (CONS), China Anti-Cancer Association


                                                                                                                                     Interim Report 2025              9
Management Discussion and Analysis




EPIAO


EPIAO is approved by the NMPA for the following three indications: the treatment of anemia associated with chronic kidney disease
(“CKD”), the treatment of chemotherapy-induced anemia (“CIA”), and the reduction of allogeneic blood transfusion in surgery
patients. rhEPO products has been listed on the NRDL as a Class B Drug for renal anemia since 2000, for CIA in patients with
non-hematological malignancies since 2019, and, additionally, rhEPO products for the reduction of allogeneic blood transfusion in
surgery patients also is under NRDL coverage since 2024. EPIAO has also been listed on the 2018 National Essential Drug List.
EPIAO has consistently been the premier market leader in the Mainland China rhEPO market since 2002 in terms of both sales
volume and sales value. The multi-center biosimilar clinical trials for EPIAO in Russia and Thailand were completed in 2021. These
trials demonstrate that EPIAO has promising effectiveness and manageable safety in patients with end-stage renal disease on
hemodialysis. EPIAO is in the process of registration in several countries in Asia, Africa, Europe, South and North America.


Yisaipu


Yisaipu (Recombinant Human TNF- Receptor II: IgG Fc Fusion Protein for Injection), is a TNF- inhibitor product. It was first
launched in 2005 in Mainland China for rheumatoid arthritis (“RA”). Its indications were expanded to ankylosing spondylitis (“AS”)
and psoriasis in 2007. Yisaipu has been listed on the NRDL as a Class B Drug since 2017 for RA and for AS, each subject to
certain medical prerequisites, and additionally, since 2019 for the treatment of adult patients with severe plaque psoriasis. Yisaipu
is the first-to-market TNF- inhibitor product in Mainland China that filled a gap among domestic peers in regard to the fully-human
therapeutic antibody-drugs. Compared with competitors, the efficacy and safety of Yisaipu have been proven in the domestic
market over two decades. In “2018 China Rheumatoid Arthritis Treatment Guidance”, an authoritative document issued by the
CMA, Yisaipu was adopted under ‘TNF- inhibitors’ as one of the RA treatment options, and TNF- inhibitors was deemed as a
group of biological agents with relatively sufficient evidence and relatively wide adoption in treating RA. TNF- inhibitors have been
recommended in a number of professional guidelines, such as “EULAR Recommendations for the Management of Rheumatoid
Arthritis with Synthetic and Biological Disease-Modifying Anti-rheumatic Drugs: 2022 Update”, “Group for Research and
Assessment of Psoriasis and Psoriatic Arthritis (GRAPPA): Updated Treatment Recommendations for Psoriatic Arthritis 2021” and
“Recommendations for Diagnosis and Treatment of Ankylosing Spondylitis”9.


In 2025, the Group will continue to enhance the awareness and application of Yisaipu within the medical profession and market
growth of rheumatic immune biological agents in key third and fourth tier cities, and meanwhile, actively expand the application of
Yisaipu in different departments and fields including Chinese traditional medicine. The pre-filled syringe of Yisaipu, launched since
2023, improves patient convenience and enhances the overall market competitiveness of Yisaipu.




9
      Issued by Chinese Rheumatology Association of the CMA, Chin J Intern Med, August 2022, Vol. 61, No. 8


10      3SBIO INC.
                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis




Cipterbin


Cipterbin (Inetetamab) is the first innovative anti-HER2 monoclonal antibody (“mAb”) in Mainland China with the engineered Fc region
and optimized production process. Sunshine Guojian independently developed this product based on its proprietary technology
platform. It was approved by the NMPA in June 2020 for treatment of HER2-positive metastatic breast cancer in combination with
chemotherapy. Cipterbin has been listed on the NRDL since 2020. Inetetamab has been included in several clinical guidelines and
experts consensus, including “Guidelines of CSCO – Breast Cancer (2024 edition)” and “Guidelines for Breast Cancer Diagnosis
and Treatment by China Anti-Cancer Association (2024 edition)”. In addition, positive research progress has been made in the
application of Cipterbin in early neo-adjuvant therapy, treatment of advanced HER2-positive breast cancer, and pan-HER2. These
researches provide a strong scientific basis for Cipterbin in the treatment of breast cancer at different stages, and also provide new
ideas for the treatment of other HER2-positive cancers.


Mandi


Mandi, generically known as minoxidil, was launched in 2001 as the first over-the-counter (“OTC”) drug in Mainland China for
androgenetic alopecia (“AGA”) and alopecia areata. Minoxidil is the world’s only topical OTC drug for male and female alopecia
that is approved for marketing by the U.S. FDA as well as the NMPA. The topical minoxidil can promote hair growth through: (i)
promoting angiogenesis to increase regional blood supply and dilate scalp vascular, so as to improve microcirculation; (ii) directly
stimulating proliferation and differentiation of hair follicle epithelial cells to extend hair growth cycle; and (iii) regulating the balance
between calcium ion and potassium ion. In the “Guideline for Diagnosis and Treatment of Androgenetic Alopecia” issued by
Chinese Medical Doctor Association, minoxidil receives the highest endorsement level, as it is superior to other AGA treatments
in terms of anti-alopecia and improvement effects and safety. In “Chinese Experts Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of
Female Androgenetic Alopecia (2022 edition)” (issued by the CMA), 5% minoxidil receives the highest endorsement level in female
androgenetic alopecia (FAGA).


In the first half of 2025, Mandi still had a dominant position in the Mainland China minoxidil market. The Group believes that Mandi’s
continuous growth in the future will be driven by: (i) persistent market education, as the Group will continue to invest resources in
promotion and market education regarding the science of hair growth, enhancing the social recognition of Mandi as the top brand
of scientific hair growth; (ii) professional digital marketing system, as Mandi expands its online layout from traditional e-commerce
platforms such as Ali, JD, to new e-commerce platforms like TikTok store and Little Red Book, creating diversified and fine-tuned
operation, accurately reaching and converting potential customers, and continuously boosting sales on e-commerce platforms; and
(iii) launch of new SKUs of the brand.




                                                                                                                Interim Report 2025        11
Management Discussion and Analysis




CDMO Business


The Group’s contract development and manufacturing operation (“CDMO”) business currently comprises Northern Medicine Valley
Desen (Shenyang) Biologics Co., Ltd. (“Desen Biologics”), Shanghai Shengguo Pharmaceutical Development Co., Ltd., Guangdong
Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Guangdong Sunshine”) and Sirton Pharmaceuticals S.p.A. (“Sirton”) in Italy, all being the
Group’s subsidiaries. Among them, Desen Biologics has a total planned area of 500 Chinese mu, designed as a biopharmaceutical
CDMO base, a manufacturing base of biopharmaceutical raw and auxiliary materials and consumables, and a biopharmaceutical
core process equipment base that are domestically-leading, oriented to the international market and compliant with relevant
Chinese, EU and U.S. Good Manufacturing Practice regulations. Guangdong Sunshine focuses on services in GCT (Gene and Cell
Therapy).


Research and Development


The Group’s integrated R&D platform covers a broad range of technical expertise in the discovery and development of various
innovative large and small molecule products, including antibody discovery, molecular cloning, antibody/protein engineering,
gene expression, cell line construction, manufacturing process development, pilot and large-scale manufacturing, quality control
and assurance, design and management of pre-clinical and clinical trials, and regulatory filing and registration. The Group is well
experienced in the R&D of mammalian cell-expressed, bacterial cell-expressed and chemically-synthesized pharmaceuticals.


The Group focuses its R&D efforts on researching and developing innovative biologicals. Currently, the Group has several leading
biological products in various clinical development stages in the areas of nephrology, oncology, autoimmune and inflammatory
diseases, ophthalmology, dermatological and metabolic diseases.


The Group’s R&D team, consisting of nearly 800 experienced scientists, is working diligently to research and discover new
medicines, to accelerate the progress of clinical development, and to bring breakthrough therapies to fulfill the unmet medical needs
of patients.




12      3SBIO INC.
                                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




Product Pipeline


As at 30 June 2025, amongst the 30 key product candidates within the Group’s active pipeline, 27 were being developed as
innovative drugs in Mainland China. 18 are antibodies, 6 are other biologic products, and 6 are small molecule drugs. The Group
has 14 product candidates in hematology/oncology; 10 product candidates that target auto-immune diseases including plaque
psoriasis, atopic dermatitis, gouty arthritis, etc., ophthalmic disease (branch retinal vein occlusion (“BRVO”)), and other diseases; 3
product candidates in nephrology; 2 product candidates in dermatology and 1 product candidate in metabolic diseases.


Notes to R&D Pipeline Chart (below):


(1)        Each arrow bar indicates the progress in Mainland China, other than those bearing remarks on U.S. progress.


(2)        ANDA: abbreviated NDA


(3)        The chart only displays the highest clinical stage of all the indications of a product candidate



R&D Pipeline

  Therapeutic
     Area                Candidates                    Pre-clinical   IND          Ph I              Ph II     Ph III                     NDA
                           SSS06 Long-acting rhEPO                                                                                                  NDA
  Nephrology                   Remitch-CLD pruritus
                                 SSS17 HIF inhibitor
                                    TPO 106-CLDT
                                 SSS20 Eltrombopag
                                                                                                                                                    NDA
                                                                                                                                                    ANDA
                                                                                                                                                              10
                                CS1003 anti-PD1 Ab
                                                                                                                                                              IND& Phase I
                                  602 anti-EGFR Ab
                                  609A anti-PD1 Ab
                           707 anti-PD1/VEGF BsAb                                                                   U.S. IND
  Hematology

                                                                                                                                                               6
                            705 anti-PD1/HER2 BsAb
     and
   Oncology                 706 anti-PD1/PDL1 BsAb
                             708 anti-PD1/TGF-βAb
                                 SSS40 anti-NGF Ab
                                                                                                                                                                Phase II
                   SSS59 anti-MUC17/CD3/CD28 TsAb
                      SPGL008 anti-B7H3 Ab/IL15 FP
                          SA102 CS1/BCMA CAR-T
                                      SSS41 CAR-T
                                  608 anti-IL17A Ab
                                601A anti-VEGF Ab
                                                                                                                                                    NDA         9
                                   613 anti-IL1β Ab                                                                                                 NDA
                                  611 anti-IL4Rα Ab
                                                                                                                                                                Phase III
                                                                                                                           U.S. Ph I
Auto-immune,
                                    610 anti-IL5 Ab
Ophthalmology
  and others                       621 anti-IL33 Ab                                       U.S. IND


                                                                                                                                                               5
                                  SSS11 Pegsiticase
                       SSS39 Rapamycin Nanoparticle                                                                                    Antibody
                                626 anti-BDCA2 Ab                                   U.S. IND
                                                                                                                                       Others                 NDA /ANDA
                                  627 anti-TL1A Ab                                U.S. IND
                                WS204 Clascoterone                                                                                     Small Molecule          Submission
  Dermatology
  & Metabolism                          Semaglutide
                         Minoxidil Foam-Female AGA




The Group has fully utilized its thirty years of experience in the R&D of biopharmaceuticals, and has deployed a number of early
discovery projects in hematology, oncology and autoimmune fields, covering more than 10 innovative targets, which provide a long-
term strategic reserve for the Group’s R&D.




                                                                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025        13
Management Discussion and Analysis




Key Product Developments


(Unless otherwise noted, this section headed “Key Product Developments” addresses the developments in Mainland China.)


— New Drug Application


NuPIAO (Second-generation rhEPO, SSS06): The Group completed the phase III clinical trial of SSS06 for the treatment of anemia
in chronic renal failure. The NDA for this product submitted by the Group is being reviewed by the NMPA for the treatment of adult
dialysis patients undergoing erythropoietin therapy. Moreover, the patient enrollment of the phase II clinical study of SSS06 targeting
CIA is currently ongoing.


Anti-IL-17A mAb (608): The phase III clinical trial of 608 in patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis has successfully
reached all efficacy endpoints, and the NDA was submitted and accepted in November 2024. The phase II clinical study of 608 for
the treatment of patients with ankylosing spondylitis has completed and phase III clinical trial is expected to commence in 2025,
while patient enrollment in the phase II clinical trial for patients with non-radiographic axial spondylitis is completed.


Anti-IL-1  mAb (613): Phase III clinical trial of 613 for the treatment of acute gouty arthritis (AG) has been completed and the NDA
was submitted and accepted in June 2025. Additionally, the phase II clinical trial treating patients in the intermittent phase of gouty
arthritis (PFG) has been completed.


— Phase III development


Anti-VEGF mAb (601A): The Group has completed the phase III clinical trial of 601A for BRVO, and expects to submit the marketing
application in 2025.


Clascoterone (WS204): Patient recruitment for the phase III bridging clinical trial of WS204 for treatment of moderate-to-severe acne
vulgaris has been completed, and the Group plans to complete the clinical trial in 2025 and submit the marketing application.


Anti-IL-4R  mAb (611): The phase III clinical trial of 611 in adult patients with atopic dermatitis has successfully reached primary
endpoints. The patient enrollment for the phase III clinical trial for Chronic Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyps (CRSwNP) has been
completed. The phase II clinical trial of 611 for moderate-to-severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease has been completed,
and the phase III clinical trial of the product is currently ongoing. Furthermore, the phase II clinical trial of 611 in adolescent AD
indication has been completed with positive results, and the phase III clinical trial of the product is currently ongoing, while the phase
Ib clinical trial for children with moderate-to-severe AD has been completed, and the patient enrollment for the phase II clinical trial is
currently ongoing.




14      3SBIO INC.
                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis




Anti-IL-5 mAb (610): The patient enrollment for phase III clinical trial of 610 for the treatment of severe eosinophilic asthma is
currently ongoing, with phase II data indicating positive efficacy outcomes.


Semaglutide Injection: Patient enrollment for the phase III clinical trial of the Group’s collaborative product, Semaglutide Injection in
weight management indication, was completed in February 2025 by the Group’s partner, Hybio Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Currently,
in accordance with the “Guidelines for Design of Clinical Trials for Biosimilar Semaglutide Injection in Weight Management Indication”
issued by the CDE, the 44-week drug administration treatment is underway, to be followed by data evaluation and the marketing
application process.


— Phase II development


HIF-117 (SSS17): The phase II clinical trial of SSS17 in non-dialysis patients with chronic renal anemia is being actively conducted.
The Group plans to complete the phase II trial and commence the phase III trial in 2025. The application for the phase II clinical
trial of SSS17 for the indication of postoperative anemia (POA) was approved by the CDE in April 2025, and it is being conducted.
SSS17 is a selective small molecule inhibitor to hypoxia inducible factor (“HIF”) proline hydroxylase (HIFPH), a molecule which can
improve the stability and half-life period of HIF, so as to promote the secretion of erythropoietin (EPO). It is expected that SSS17 will
have a synergistic effect with the Group’s rhEPO injection drug in the future, providing patients with an alternative treatment option.


Anti-NGFAb (SSS40): It is a humanized nerve-growth factor (NGF) mAb. The Group is currently conducting the patient enrollment
for the phase II clinical trial of SSS40 for the treatment of patients with moderate-to-severe bone metastasis cancer pain.


Anti-PD-1/HER2 BsAb (705): It is an anti-PD-1/HER2 BsAb independently developed by the Group. It simultaneously inhibits the
PD-1/PD-L1 signaling pathway and the HER2 signaling pathway, integrating the mechanisms of action of targeted therapy and
immunotherapy, thus having the potential to achieve enhanced tumor immune surveillance. The patient enrollment for the phase II
clinical trial of 705 for HER-2 positive advanced solid tumors is currently ongoing in Mainland China; the IND application of 705 has
been approved by the U.S. FDA.


Anti-PD-1/PD-L1 BsAb (706): It is an anti-PD-1/PD-L1 BsAb independently developed by the Group. It simultaneously targets PD-1
and PD-L1 and can effectively avoid the mismatch of BsAb with good physicochemical properties. The phase II clinical trial of 706
for advanced solid tumors is currently ongoing.




                                                                                                             Interim Report 2025       15
Management Discussion and Analysis




— Phase I development and new IND applications


Rapamycin Nanoparticle (SSS39): The phase I clinical trial of SSS39 is currently ongoing and it is expected to be completed in
2025. Rapamycin nanoparticle is a new type of macrolide immunosuppressant that can be co-administered with biological agents
to induce immune tolerance, thereby reducing the immunogenicity of the biological agents and maintaining their efficacy.


Pegsiticase (SSS11): The Group has completed the phase Ib clinical trial for SSS11 in patients with high uric acid level and medical
history of gout symptoms in Mainland China. The phase III clinical trial of the combination therapy SEL-212 for chronic refractory
gout in the United States that the Group collaborates with its business partner Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (STO: SOBI) (“Sobi”)
has been completed. Sobi has submitted the rolling Biologics License Application (BLA) to the U.S. FDA in July 2024. SEL-212
contains pegsiticase (also known as pegadricase, a recombinant enzyme that metabolizes uric acid).


Anti-BDCA2 Ab (626): It is an anti-blood dendritic cell antigen 2 (BDCA2) antibody (“Ab”) independently developed by Sunshine
Guojian. The Group has completed patient enrollment for the phase Ia clinical trial of 626 for systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)
and cutaneous lupus erythematosus (CLE) indications in Mainland China, with positive safety and PK/PD data. The U.S. IND
application for these two indications has also been approved.


Anti-TL1A Ab (627): It is a tumor necrosis factor-like ligand 1A (TL1A) targeting mAb independently developed by Sunshine
Guojian. The Group is enrolling patients for the phase I clinical trial of 627 for ulcerative colitis (UC) in Mainland China. The U.S. IND
application for UC indication has also been approved by the U.S. FDA.


Anti-PD-1/TGF- BsAb (708): It is an anti-PD-1/transforming growth factor  (TGF-) BsAb independently developed by the Group.
The phase I clinical trial of 708 for advanced solid tumors is currently ongoing.


Anti-MUC17/CD3/CD28 Tri-specific Ab (SSS59): It is a recombinant human anti-Mucin 17 (MUC17)/cluster of differentiation 3(CD3)/
cluster of differentiation 28 (CD28) tri-specific Ab independently developed by the Group. The phase I clinical trial of SSS59 for
advanced solid tumor is currently ongoing.


Anti-B7H3 Ab/IL15R-IL15 Fusion Proteins (SPGL008): It is B7H3 Ab/IL15R-IL15 Fusion proteins independently developed by the
Group. The phase I clinical trial of SPGL008 for advanced solid tumor is currently ongoing.




16      3SBIO INC.
                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis




Sales, Marketing and Distribution


The Group’s sales and marketing efforts are characterized by a strong emphasis on academic promotion. The Group aims to
promote and strengthen the Group’s academic recognition and the brand awareness of its products among medical experts. The
Group markets and promotes its key products mainly through its in-house team. The Group sells these products to distributors who
are responsible for delivering products to hospitals and other medical institutions. Mandi is also sold through retail pharmacies and
online stores.


As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s extensive sales and distribution network in Mainland China was supported by 3,054 sales and
marketing employees, thousands of distributors and third-party promoters. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s products were
sold in nearly 3,000 Grade III hospitals and nearly 7,000 Grade II or lower hospitals and medical institutions across all provinces,
autonomous regions and special municipalities in Mainland China. In addition, TPIAO, Yisaipu, EPIAO, SEPO and some of the
Group’s other products are exported to a number of countries through international promoters. During the Reporting Period, the
Group’s products were sold in 20 countries, including Thailand, Brazil, the Philippines and Pakistan.


Outlook


Looking back on the first half of 2025, China’s medical payment system underwent historic restructuring, transitioning from “a
system with national health insurance as sole-payer” toward “multi-payers coordination integrating public and private coverages”,
thereby opening new reimbursement pathways for innovative drugs and medical devices. The National Healthcare Security
Administration enhanced reimbursement support for innovative drugs and medical devices through establishing a comprehensive
health insurance value assessment mechanism, optimizing pricing policies for innovative pharmaceuticals drugs and medical
devices, and enabling data interoperability between medical insurance data and innovative drugs and medical device R&D. In July,
the National Healthcare Security Administration formally released the 2025 Adjustment Plan for China’s National Reimbursement
Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance, Maternity Insurance and Work-Related Injury Insurance and Commercial Health Insurance
Reimbursement List for Innovative Drugs (《2025年國家基本醫療保險、生育保險和工傷保險藥品目錄及商業健康保險創新藥品目
錄調整工作方案》), establishing a tiered reimbursement pathway for innovative drugs. For the 11th batch of nationally organized
centralized drug procurement announced in August, the National Healthcare Security Administration emphasized principles of
“ensuring clinical stability, safeguarding quality, preventing bid rigging, and curbing malignant competition”, moving away from
simplistic reliance on the lowest bid. Amid these structural shifts in the reimbursement landscape, China’s pharmaceutical industry is
accelerating its transition toward innovation-driven and high-quality development.




                                                                                                          Interim Report 2025       17
Management Discussion and Analysis




Meanwhile, overseas multinational corporations are increasingly recognizing the quality of domestic innovative drugs. In the first
half of 2025, the sum of China’s innovative drug overseas licensing deals reached USD60.8 billion, surpassing the total for the
entire 2024. The Group’s bi-specific antibody product SSGJ-707 completed a transaction of over USD6 billion with Pfizer, with a
record-breaking upfront payment of USD1.25 billion for Chinese innovative drug out-licensing deals; the potential total transaction
consideration also set a new record among China’s innovative drug global licensing deals. From one perspective, the Group’s
achievements reflect a historic shift in Chinese innovative drugs from “following and imitating the global industry” to “independent
innovation and leading the global industry”.


Looking ahead to the second half of 2025, the Group will continue accelerating early-discovery and clinical development of
innovative drugs, concentrating more resources in areas with broad patient needs such as oncology, autoimmune diseases, and
nephrology, to empower R&D teams in target discovery and drug development, focusing on improving efficacy and safety profiles
of innovative drugs while expediting innovation pace and elevating innovation standards. In the commercialization field, the Group
will advance market access and academic promotion for newly approved products including Teaisheng® (特艾升®) (Eltrombopag
Suspension) and Liporaxel® (paclitaxel oral solution), actively upgrade team capabilities and build talent pipelines to prepare for
upcoming commercialization opportunities from both self-developed and partnered innovative drugs. As for external collaborations,
the Group will continue a dual-track strategy of internal R&D and external cooperation. It will explore innovative drug collaboration
targets with potentials to complement the Company’s existing product portfolio. Meanwhile, it will actively seek global partners
to jointly promote the global development of pipeline products. The Group is committed to leveraging its mature capabilities in
biopharmaceutical R&D, registration, commercial production, and sales to boost the R&D and launch process of more high-quality
collaborative products. Driven by the mission of making innovative biopharmaceuticals accessible, the Group will accelerate the
market launch of more high-quality products to benefit patients.




18     3SBIO INC.
                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




FINANCIAL REVIEW

Revenue


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue amounted to approximately RMB4,355.5 million, as compared to approximately
RMB4,389.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing a decrease of approximately RMB33.9 million, or
approximately 0.8%.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales of TPIAO decreased to approximately RMB2,371.2 million, as compared to
approximately RMB2,475.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing a decrease of approximately RMB104.7
million, or approximately 4.2%. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in sales volume. For the Reporting Period,
sales of TPIAO accounted for approximately 54.4% of the Group’s total revenue.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales of EPIAO and SEPO decreased to approximately RMB455.4 million, as compared
to approximately RMB515.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing a decrease of approximately RMB60.3
million, or approximately 11.7%. The decrease was mainly due to decreases in both the sales price and in sales volume. For the
Reporting Period, the Group’s sales of EPIAO decreased to approximately RMB345.6 million, as compared to approximately
RMB393.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing a decrease of approximately RMB47.5 million, or
approximately 12.1%. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales of SEPO decreased to approximately RMB109.8 million, as
compared to approximately RMB122.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing a decrease of approximately
RMB12.8 million, or approximately 10.4%. For the Reporting Period, the combined sales of EPIAO and SEPO accounted for a total
of approximately 10.5% of the Group’s total revenue.




                                                                                                      Interim Report 2025     19
Management Discussion and Analysis




For the Reporting Period, the Group’s sales from alopecia area increased to approximately RMB689.9 million, as compared to
approximately RMB557.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing an increase of approximately RMB132.7
million, or approximately 23.8%. The increase was mainly attributable to the increased market demand for hair loss and growth
treatments, which was driven by the Group’s diversified and effective promotional efforts. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s
sales of Mandi increased to approximately RMB681.5 million, as compared to approximately RMB549.8 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2024, representing an increase of approximately RMB131.7 million, or approximately 24.0%. For the Reporting
Period, the sales from alopecia area accounted for a total of approximately 15.8% of the Group’s revenue.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from CDMO business increased to approximately RMB100.9 million, as compared to
approximately RMB57.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing an increase of approximately RMB43.6 million,
or approximately 76.1%. The increase was mainly attributable to the increased CDMO orders from customers.


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s other sales, primarily comprising sales from Yisaipu, Cipterbin, Sparin (an injectable low-
molecular-weight heparin calcium product indicated for: (i) prophylaxis and treatment of deep vein thrombosis; and (ii) prevention
of clotting during hemodialysis), export sales and other products, decreased to approximately RMB770.8 million, as compared
to approximately RMB805.0 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing a decrease of approximately RMB34.2
million, or approximately 4.2%.


Cost of Sales


The Group’s cost of sales increased from approximately RMB592.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to approximately
RMB639.7 million for the Reporting Period, which accounted for approximately 14.7% of the Group’s total revenue for the same
period. The primary reason for the increase in the Group’s cost of sales was mainly attributable to the increased sales volume of
high-cost products for the Reporting Period, as compared to the corresponding period in 2024.


Gross Profit


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s gross profit decreased to approximately RMB3,715.8 million, as compared to approximately
RMB3,797.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing a decrease of approximately RMB81.6 million,
or approximately 2.1%. The Group’s gross profit margin decreased to approximately 85.3% for the Reporting Period from
approximately 86.5% for the corresponding period in 2024.


Other Income and Gains


The Group’s other income and gains mainly comprised government grants, interest income, foreign exchange gain, fair value gain
or loss on financial assets at FVTPL and other miscellaneous income. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s other income and gains
increased to approximately RMB408.3 million, as compared to approximately RMB86.1 million for the six months ended 30 June
2024, representing an increase of approximately RMB322.2 million. The increase was mainly attributable to the fair value changes
on financial assets at FVTPL during the Reporting Period.



20     3SBIO INC.
                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis




Selling and Distribution Expenses


The Group’s selling and distribution expenses primarily consisted of marketing and promotion expenses, staff costs, and other
miscellaneous selling and distribution expenses. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses amounted
to approximately RMB1,615.9 million, as compared to approximately RMB1,594.0 million for the six months ended 30 June
2024, representing an increase of approximately RMB21.9 million, or approximately 1.4%. In terms of the percentage of revenue,
the Group’s selling and distribution expenses increase from approximately 36.3% for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to
approximately 37.1% for the Reporting Period.


Administrative Expenses


The Group’s administrative expenses consisted of staff costs, professional fees, depreciation and amortization, property expenses,
share-based compensation, and other miscellaneous administrative expenses. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s administrative
expenses amounted to approximately RMB283.4 million, as compared to approximately RMB201.2 million for the six months ended
30 June 2024, representing an increase of approximately RMB82.2 million, or approximately 40.9%. The increase was mainly
attributable to the increased share-based compensation. The administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue represented
approximately 6.5% for the Reporting Period and approximately 4.6% for the six months ended 30 June 2024.


R&D Costs


The Group’s R&D costs primarily consisted of staff costs, materials consumption, clinical trials costs, depreciation and amortisation,
and other miscellaneous R&D expenses. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s R&D costs amounted to approximately RMB547.5
million, as compared to approximately RMB476.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing an increase of
approximately RMB71.3 million, or approximately 15%. The increase was mainly due to the speed-up of the Group’s R&D projects.
The R&D costs accounted for approximately 12.6% of revenue for the Reporting Period, as compared to approximately 10.8% for
the corresponding period in 2024.


Other Expenses and Losses


The Group’s other expenses and losses primarily consisted of donation expenses, provision for impairment of financial assets,
losses on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment, and other miscellaneous expenses and losses. For the Reporting
Period, the Group’s other expenses and losses amounted to approximately RMB25.5 million, as compared to approximately
RMB40.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing a decrease of approximately RMB15.2 million. The decrease
was mainly due to the decrease in donation expenses.




                                                                                                          Interim Report 2025       21
Management Discussion and Analysis




Finance Costs


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s finance costs amounted to approximately RMB53.0 million, as compared to approximately
RMB104.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing a decrease of approximately RMB51.4 million, or
approximately 49.2%. The decrease was mainly due to the decreased interest-bearing bank borrowings for the Reporting Period.


Income Tax Expense


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s income tax expense amounted to approximately RMB233.1 million, as compared to
approximately RMB314.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing a decrease of approximately RMB81.2
million, or approximately 25.8%. The effective tax rates for the Reporting Period and the corresponding period in 2024 were 14.4%
and 22.1%, respectively. The decrease in effective tax rate was mainly due to the decrease in non-deductible expenses for the
Reporting Period, as compared to those incurred in the six months ended 30 June 2024.


EBITDA and Net Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent


The EBITDA for the Reporting Period increased by approximately RMB191.0 million or approximately 11.6% to approximately
RMB1,832.5 million, as compared to approximately RMB1,641.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The EBITDA
adjusted for non-operating items is defined as the EBITDA for the period excluding the Excluded Items. The Group’s EBITDA
adjusted for non-operating items for the Reporting Period decreased by approximately RMB53.8 million or approximately 3.2% to
approximately RMB1,610.1 million, as compared to approximately RMB1,663.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024.


The net profit attributable to owners of the parent for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB1,358.2 million, as compared to
approximately RMB1,089.9 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing an increase of approximately RMB268.3
million, or approximately 24.6%. The net profit attributable to owners of the parent adjusted for non-operating items is defined as
the profit for the period excluding the Excluded Items. The Group’s net profit attributable to owners of the parent adjusted for non-
operating items for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB1,135.8 million, as compared to approximately RMB1,112.4 million
for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing an increase of approximately RMB23.4 million, or approximately 2.1%.


Earnings Per Share


The basic earnings per share for the Reporting Period was approximately RMB0.57, as compared to approximately RMB0.45 for
the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing an increase of approximately 26.7%.




22     3SBIO INC.
                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis




Financial Assets Measured at Fair Value


As at 30 June 2025, financial assets measured at fair value primarily comprised the investment in treasury or cash management
products issued by certain banks, the investments in listed companies and the investments in private equity funds which focus on
investment in health-care industry.


The treasury or cash management products subscribed by the Group for treasury management purposes from time to time
during the Reporting Period included wealth management products offered by various independent commercial banks. For further
information, please refer to the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis – Liquidity, Financial and Capital Resources –
Significant Investments Held” below, which relates the Group’s subscriptions from independent commercial banks.



LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

The Group’s liquidity remained strong. For the Reporting Period, the Group’s operating activities generated a net cash inflow of
approximately RMB969.6 million, as compared to approximately RMB1,092.7 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024,
representing a decrease of RMB123.1 million or approximately 11.3%. The decrease was mainly attributable to the increase in
other cash payments relating to operating activities. As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, non-pledged time
deposits and pledged deposits were approximately RMB4,368.8 million.


Net Current Assets


As at 30 June 2025, the Group had net current assets of approximately RMB5,627.2 million, as compared to net current assets of
approximately RMB3,883.4 million as at 31 December 2024. The current ratio of the Group was approximately 2.3 as at 30 June
2025, as compared to approximately 1.7 at 31 December 2024. The increase in net current assets and current ratio was mainly
attributable to the lower current liabilities which was brought by the decrease in interest-bearing bank borrowings and the repayment
of the Company’s unsecured non-listed bonds in an aggregate amount of RMB1,200,000,000 (the “Panda Bonds”) in 2025.


Funding and Treasury Policies, Borrowing and Pledge of Assets


The Group’s finance department is responsible for the funding and treasury policies with regard to the overall business operation of
the Group. The Company expects to fund its working capital and other capital requirements from a combination of various sources,
including but not limited to internal financing and external financing at reasonable market rates. The Group continues to seek ways
to improve the return of equity and assets while maintaining a prudent funding and treasury policy.


As at 30 June 2025, the Group had an aggregate interest-bearing bank borrowing of approximately RMB1,836.6 million, as
compared to approximately RMB2,281.4 million as at 31 December 2024. The decrease in bank borrowings primarily reflected the
repayment of loans of RMB2,602.0 million, partly offset by the additional bank-borrowings of approximately RMB2,100.0 million,
during the Reporting Period. Among the short-term deposits, none was pledged to secure bank loans as at 30 June 2025.




                                                                                                          Interim Report 2025      23
Management Discussion and Analysis




As at 30 June 2025, the Group had no outstanding Panda Bonds, as compared to approximately RMB1,226.1 million as at 31
December 2024. For more information on the Group’s Panda Bonds, please refer to Note 18 “BONDS PAYABLE” to the interim
condensed consolidated financial information for the Reporting Period in this report.


Gearing Ratio


The gearing ratio of the Group, which was calculated by dividing the total borrowings, lease liabilities and bonds by the total equity,
decreased to approximately 9.9% as at 30 June 2025 from approximately 19.7% as at 31 December 2024. The decrease was
primarily due to the repayment of the outstanding Panda Bonds during the Reporting Period.


Contingent Liabilities


As at 30 June 2025, the Group had no significant contingent liabilities.


Contractual Obligations


The Group’s capital commitment amounted to approximately RMB876.1 million as at 30 June 2025, as compared to approximately
RMB901.9 million as at 31 December 2024.


Foreign Exchange and Exchange Rate Risk


The Group mainly operates in Mainland China, with all material aspects of its regular business conducted in Renminbi other than: (i)
the operations of Sirton; and (ii) the Group’s exports, which amounted to approximately RMB58.6 million, or approximately 1.3% of
the Group’s revenue, for the Reporting Period. Except for the operations of Sirton, the Group’s exports, potential international deal-
making expenditures (such as expenditures related to international licensing and acquisitions), and foreign currency denominated
bank borrowings and bank deposits, the Group believes that it does not have any other material direct exposure to foreign
exchange fluctuations. As at 30 June 2025, the Group’s foreign currency denominated bank deposits primarily comprised: (i)
approximately USD205.7 million (equivalent to approximately RMB1,472.4 million); (ii) approximately HKD70.2 million (equivalent to
approximately RMB64.0 million); and (iii) approximately EUR20.7 million (equivalent to approximately RMB174.2 million). The Group
expects that the fluctuation of the Renminbi exchange rate will not have a material adverse effect on the operations of the Group in
the foreseeable future.




24     3SBIO INC.
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




Significant Acquisitions and Disposals


The Group did not have material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures during the Reporting
Period.


Significant Investments Held


As at 30 June 2025, the Group did not hold any significant investments. As at 30 June 2025, the Group held (i) equity investments
designated at fair value through other comprehensive income of approximately RMB724.2 million; and (ii) wealth management
products of various independent commercial banks as financial assets at FVTPL and derivative financial instruments of
approximately RMB3,096.9 million, none of such investments, whether in any group of entities or products offered by any group of
commercial banks, individually or in aggregate, represented 5.0% or more of the total assets of the Group.


Future Plans for Material Investments or Capital Assets


The Group estimates its total capital expenditure over the next three years will range from RMB800 million to RMB1,000 million. This
expected capital expenditure will primarily be incurred for the maintenance of the Group’s existing facilities and the expansion of its
production capabilities. The Group expects to finance its capital expenditure through a combination of internally generated funds
and bank borrowings.



EMPLOYEES AND EMOLUMENTS POLICY

As at 30 June 2025, the Group employed a total of 6,268 employees, as compared to a total of 5,577 employees as at 31
December 2024. Staff costs, including Directors’ emoluments but excluding any contributions to the pension scheme, were
approximately RMB809.8 million for the Reporting Period, as compared to approximately RMB721.9 million for the corresponding
period in 2024. The Group generally structures its employees’ remuneration package to include salary, bonus, equity compensation,
and allowance elements. The compensation programs are designed to remunerate and reward the employees based on their
performance, measured against specified objective criteria. The Group also provides welfare benefits in accordance with applicable
regulations and its internal policies. Following the expiry of the share option scheme (adopted by the Company in May 2015) and
the termination of the share award scheme (adopted by the Company in July 2019), the Company has adopted a share award
scheme and a share option scheme in June 2025; and there are other incentive initiatives such as cash awards, all of which are for
the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations.
In addition, Sunshine Guojian adopted a restricted share incentive plan in February 2021 and there is also a gratuitous incentive
scheme set up by founding and management members of the Group that serves to recognise employees’ contributions.




                                                                                                           Interim Report 2025       25
Corporate Governance and
Other Information
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Group is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of members of the
Company and to enhance corporate value and accountability. The Company has applied the principles and code provisions as set
out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the
“HKEx Listing Rules”) on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as its own code of corporate governance.


Except as expressly described below, the Company complied with all the applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code
throughout the Reporting Period.


Separation of the Roles of the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer


Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, companies listed on the HKEx are expected to comply with, but may choose to
deviate from, the requirement that the responsibilities between the chairman and the chief executive officer should be segregated
and should not be performed by the same individual. The Company does not have separate chairman and chief executive officer.
Dr. LOU Jing currently performs these two roles. The board of Directors (the “Directors”) of the Company (the “Board”) believes
that vesting the roles of both chairman and chief executive officer in the same person has the benefit of ensuring consistent
leadership within the Group and enabling more effective and efficient overall strategic planning for the Group. The Board considers
that the balance of power and authority for the present arrangement will not be impaired and this structure will enable the Company
to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively. In addition, all major decisions are made in consultation with members of
the Board, including the relevant Board committees and independent non-executive Directors.


The Board will from time to time review and consider splitting the roles of chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of
the Company at an appropriate time, taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.



MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS
OF LISTED ISSUERS

The Company has adopted the “Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuer” as set out in Appendix C3 to
the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”) as its code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors. Having made specific
enquiry with the Directors, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the required standard as set out in the Model Code
during the Reporting Period.



THE BOARD AND ITS COMMITTEES

The compositions of the Board, the audit committee (“Audit Committee”), the nomination committee (“Nomination Committee”)
and the remuneration committee of the Company are as set out in the “Corporate Information” section.




26     3SBIO INC.
                                               Corporate Governance and Other Information




INTERIM DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend any interim dividend for the Reporting Period.



CHANGES TO INFORMATION REGARDING DIRECTORS AND CHIEF
EXECUTIVES

Certain changes in Directors’ information since the preparation of the 2024 annual report and up to the latest practicable date prior
to the printing of this interim report are set out below pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the HKEx Listing Rules:


•        Dr. LOU Jing has been appointed to the following positions with members of the Group:


         1)   director of Mandi Inc.;
         2)   director of Sunshine Mandi Limited; and
         3)   director of Mibio Pte. Ltd.


•        Mr. PU Tianruo ceased to be a member of the Nomination Committee, effective from 25 June 2025.


•        Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi has been appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee, effective from 25 June 2025.


Other than above, the Directors confirm that no information is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the HKEx
Listing Rules since the preparation of the 2024 annual report and up to the latest practicable date prior to the printing of this interim
report



AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Board has established the Audit Committee, which comprises the three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. PU
Tianruo (chairman), Mr. NG Joo Yeow Gerry and Ms. YANG Hoi Ti Heidi.


The Audit Committee, together with the Board, has reviewed the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information
of the Group for the Reporting Period. The Audit Committee does not have any disagreement with any accounting treatment which
had been adopted. The Audit Committee has also reviewed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system of
the Company and considers it to be effective and adequate.


In addition, the independent auditor of the Company, Ernst & Young, has reviewed the unaudited interim condensed consolidated
financial information of the Group for the Reporting Period in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410
“Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”.




                                                                                                             Interim Report 2025       27
Corporate Governance and Other Information




PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION BY THE COMPANY

There was no purchase, sale or redemption of any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares (as defined
under the HKEx Listing Rules)) by the Company or any of its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.



2015 OPTION SCHEME
Pursuant to a written resolution passed by the then sole shareholder of the Company on 23 May 2015, the Company adopted a
share option scheme pursuant to Chapter 17 of the HKEx Listing Rules (the “2015 Option Scheme”). The 2015 Option Scheme is
valid for a period of 10 years commencing from the date of adoption; accordingly, it has expired on 23 May 2025.


Upon expiry of the 2015 Option Scheme, no further options may be granted but in all other respects, the provisions of the 2015
Option Scheme shall remain in full force and effect. Therefore, the expiry of the 2015 Option Scheme will not in any event affect the
terms of such outstanding options (see the below two tables in this section) that have already been granted under the 2015 Option
Scheme and the outstanding options granted under the 2015 Option Scheme shall continue to be subject to the provisions of the
2015 Option Scheme.


Details of the 2015 Option Scheme were disclosed in the Company’s prospectus dated 1 June 2015 in the section headed “Statutory
and General Information — 5. Post-IPO Share Option Scheme” in Appendix IV. The total number of options available for grant under
the scheme mandate of the 2015 Option Scheme as at 1 January 2025 and 30 June 2025 were 225,953,857 and 0, respectively.
The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of awards granted under the 2015 Option Scheme during the Reporting Period
divided by the weighted average number of the Shares in issue for the Reporting Period was 0. The total number of Shares available
for issue under the 2015 Option Scheme is 0. The purpose of the 2015 Option Scheme is to provide selected participants with the
opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the Company and to encourage selected participants to work towards enhancing the
value of the Company and its Shares for the benefit of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


Unless approved by the shareholders of the Company in accordance with the terms of the 2015 Option Scheme, the total number
of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted and to be granted under the 2015 Option Scheme and any
other share option scheme(s) of the Company to each selected participant (including both exercised and outstanding options) in
any 12 month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue. An option may be exercised in accordance with
the terms of the 2015 Option Scheme at any time during a period to be determined and notified by the Directors to each grantee. A
nominal consideration of RMB1.00 is payable upon acceptance of the grant of an option. For details, please refer to Appendix IV to
the Company’s prospectus dated 1 June 2015.




28     3SBIO INC.
                                                                 Corporate Governance and Other Information




The following outstanding share options were granted to the following Directors under the 2015 Option Scheme as of 30 June
2025:


                                                   NUMBER OF SHARE OPTIONS
                                                                                                                                                                               THE WEIGHTED
                                                                                                                                                                      PRICE         AVERAGE
                                                                                                                                                                     OF THE CLOSING PRICE OF
                                                                                                                                                                 COMPANY’S    THE COMPANY’S
                                                                                                                                                             LISTED SHARES     LISTED SHARES
                                                                                                                                               EXERCISE        IMMEDIATELY       IMMEDIATELY
                                                                                                                                                   PRICE        BEFORE THE        BEFORE THE
                                                                FORFEITED/                                    DATE OF          EXERCISE        OF SHARE         GRANT DATE          EXERCISE
                            AS AT       GRANTED     EXERCISED   CANCELLED       LAPSED                          GRANT            PERIOD         OPTIONS          OF OPTIONS             DATES
     NAME OF           1 JANUARY         DURING        DURING      DURING       DURING          AS AT        OF SHARE          OF SHARE        (HKD PER            (HKD PER         (HKD PER
     DIRECTOR                2025     THE PERIOD   THE PERIOD   THE PERIOD   THE PERIOD   30 June 2025        OPTIONS           OPTIONS          SHARE)              SHARE)            SHARE)


     LOU Jing               440,000            –            –            0            0       440,000    2 February 2017     From 2 August          7.62              7.37                  –
                                                                                                                                   2018 to
                                                                                                                           2 February 2027**


     SU Dongmei*            440,000            –            –            0            0       440,000    2 February 2017     From 2 August          7.62              7.37                  –
                                                                                                                                   2018 to
                                                                                                                           2 February 2027**


     ZHANG Jiaoe*            80,000            –            –            0            0         80,000   2 February 2017     From 2 August          7.62              7.37                  –
                                                                                                                                   2018 to
                                                                                                                           2 February 2027**


*           The outstanding share options were held by The Empire Trust, a trust established by the Company for beneficiaries who are employees of the Company and its
            subsidiaries and affiliates, and any other persons as nominated from time to time by the advisory committee of The Empire Trust that is established with the authority
            of the Board.


**          Share options granted are subject to vesting conditions with vesting periods ended 2 August 2018, 2 February 2020 and 2 August 2021, respectively.




                                                                                                                                                           Interim Report 2025              29
Corporate Governance and Other Information




The following outstanding share options were granted to employee participants# of the Group (apart from Directors) as of 30 June
2025:

                                   NUMBER OF SHARE OPTIONS
                                                                                                                                                                     THE WEIGHTED
                                                                                                                                                            PRICE         AVERAGE
                                                                                                                                                           OF THE CLOSING PRICE OF
                                                                                                                                                       COMPANY’S    THE COMPANY’S
                                                                                                                                                   LISTED SHARES     LISTED SHARES
                                                                                                                                       EXERCISE      IMMEDIATELY       IMMEDIATELY
                                                                                                                                           PRICE      BEFORE THE        BEFORE THE
                                                   FORFEITED/                                         DATE OF          EXERCISE        OF SHARE       GRANT DATE          EXERCISE
          AS AT        GRANTED       EXERCISED     CANCELLED          LAPSED                            GRANT            PERIOD         OPTIONS        OF OPTIONS             DATES
     1 JANUARY          DURING          DURING        DURING          DURING            AS AT        OF SHARE          OF SHARE        (HKD PER          (HKD PER         (HKD PER
           2025      THE PERIOD     THE PERIOD     THE PERIOD      THE PERIOD     30 June 2025        OPTIONS           OPTIONS          SHARE)            SHARE)            SHARE)

     15,526,000*              –       4,012,500              0              0       11,513,500   2 February 2017     From 2 August          7.62            7.37                  –
                                                                                                                           2018 to
                                                                                                                   2 February 2027**


*       The outstanding share options were held by The Empire Trust, a trust established by the Company for beneficiaries who are employees of the Company and its
        subsidiaries and affiliates, and any other persons as nominated from time to time by the advisory committee of The Empire Trust that is established with the authority
        of the Board.


**      Share options granted are subject to vesting conditions with vesting periods ended 2 August 2018, 2 February 2020 and 2 August 2021, respectively.

#
        Employee participants include employees of any member of the Group (apart from Directors).



All of the above grants were made prior to the amendment to Chapter 17 of the HKEx Listing Rules and none of the grants of
options to any participant is in excess of the 1% individual limit.


Please refer to Note 20 “SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES” to the interim condensed consolidated financial information in this interim
report for the accounting policy adopted for share options.


2019 SHARE SCHEME
The Company adopted the 2019 Share Award Scheme (“2019 Share Scheme”) to recognise the contributions by selected
participants and to motivate and give incentives thereto in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of
the Group; to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group; and to provide selected participants with a direct
economic interest in attaining a long-term relationship between the Group and the selected participants.


The 2019 Share Scheme was adopted by the Company on 16 July 2019 and amended on 12 December 2021. As approved by
the shareholders on 25 June 2025, the Company terminated the 2019 Share Scheme. Under the terms of the 2019 Share Scheme,
such termination shall not affect any subsisting rights of any selected participant under the 2019 Share Scheme (for the awarded
Shares granted under the 2019 Share Scheme, please see the below table in this section).




30        3SBIO INC.
                                                                    Corporate Governance and Other Information




Under the 2019 Share Scheme, as at 1 January 2025, at 30 June 2025, and at the date of this interim report, respectively, no new
Shares were available for grant of awards. The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of awards granted under the 2019
Share Scheme during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of the Shares in issue for the Reporting Period
was 0.


Further details of the 2019 Share Scheme are set out in Note 20 “SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES” to the interim condensed
consolidated financial information in this interim report.


As at 30 June 2025, details of the awarded shares granted under the 2019 Share Scheme of the Company were as follows:


                                                                                          NUMBER OF AWARDED SHARES
                                                                                                                                                                   CLOSING
                                                                                                                                                                      PRICE
                                                                                                                                                              IMMEDIATELY
                                                                                                                                                                    BEFORE
                                                                                                                                                               THE DATE OF
 SHARE                                                    NUMBER OF          AS AT    AWARDED         VESTED       LAPSED                                           AWARD
 AWARDS                            DATE OF                 AWARDED      1 JANUARY       DURING       DURING        DURING          AS AT VESTING                  (HKD PER
 HOLDERS                           AWARD                     SHARES           2025   THE PERIOD   THE PERIOD    THE PERIOD   30 June 2025 PERIOD                     SHARE)

 Employee                          16 July 2019(1)          9,885,448           —            —            —             —             — March 2020 to March          13.88
                                                                                                                                           2023(3)
                                   7 September 2020(2)     10,000,000           —            —             —            —             — NA(4)                         8.98
                                   23 September 2024(5)    34,107,688   34,107,688           —      1,309,512           —     32,798,176 23 September 2024            5.70
                                                                                                                                           to 23 September
                                                                                                                                           2027(3)
 Director of the Company/
     Director/general manager of
     subsidiaries of the Company
 Director of the Company
     – Dr. LOU Jing              23 September 2024(5)       5,000,000    5,000,000           —            —             —      5,000,000 23 September 2024            5.70
                                                                                                                                           to 23 September
                                                                                                                                           2027(3)
 Director of a subsidiary of the
     Company
     – Mr. YU An                   23 September 2024(5)      650,000       650,000           —            —             —        650,000 23 September 2024            5.70
                                                                                                                                           to 23 September
                                                                                                                                           2027(3)
 General manager of a subsidiary
    of the Company
    – Mr. JIN Zheng              23 September 2024(5)        600,000       600,000           —            —             —        600,000 23 September 2024            5.70
                                                                                                                                           to 23 September
                                                                                                                                           2027(3)

 Total                                                     60,243,136   40,357,688           —      1,309,512           —     39,048,176




                                                                                                                                           Interim Report 2025            31
Corporate Governance and Other Information




Notes:


(1)      On 16 July 2019, the Board resolved to grant a maximum of 10,000,000 awarded Shares to 37 independent employees of the Group, pursuant to the terms of
         the 2019 Share Scheme, in order to recognize the contributions of the independent employees to the Group. For details, please refer to the announcement of the
         Company dated 17 July 2019 and Note 20 “SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES” to the interim condensed consolidated financial information in this interim report.


(2)      On 7 September 2020, the Board resolved to conditionally grant 10,000,000 new awarded Shares to Dr. ZHU Zhenping of which 5,000,000 awarded Shares and
         2,250,000 awarded Shares have so far been issued and allotted to Dr. ZHU Zhenping on 14 April 2021 and 8 March 2022, respectively. For details, please refer to
         the announcement of the Company dated 8 September 2020 and the circular of the Company dated 16 October 2020.


(3)      These awarded Shares are subject to vesting conditions involving financial targets and vesting periods.


(4)      These awarded Shares are not subject to any vesting condition or vesting period.


(5)      On 23 September 2024, the Board resolved to grant 34,107,688, 5,000,000, 650,000 and 600,000 awarded Shares to 267 independent employees of the Group,
         Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Dr. LOU Jing, a director of a subsidiary of the Company, Mr. YU An, and the general
         manager of a subsidiary of the Company, Mr. JIN Zheng, respectively, pursuant to the terms of the 2019 Share Scheme, with the purpose of the 2019 Share
         Scheme as a recognition and reward of the grantees’ contributions to the Company’s continuing operation and development. For details of such grant and vesting
         terms, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 23 September 2024 and Note 20 “SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES” to the interim condensed
         consolidated financial information in this interim report.




32         3SBIO INC.
                                                           Corporate Governance and Other Information




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As at 30 June 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executives of the Company in the shares,
underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which had been notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8
of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions
of the SFO), or which were recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise notified
to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the HKEx Listing Rules were as follows:


(i)   Interests in the Company

                                                                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                                                                     percentage of
                                                                                                                           Number of                   all Shares in
          Name                            Position                            Nature of Interest                          Shares held                         Issue(1)


          LOU Jing(2) (婁競)                Executive Director                  Beneficial owner                                 751,553(L)                      0.03%
                                                                                                                                         (L)
                                                                              Beneficiary of a trust                       56,156,895                          2.34%
                                                                              Other                                      476,774,553(L)                      19.87%
                                                                                                                   Total: 533,683,001(L)                     22.24%


          SU Dongmei(3) (蘇冬梅)             Executive Director                  Interest in controlled                       24,384,630(L)                       1.02%
                                                                                corporation
                                                                              Beneficial owner                                 440,000(L)                      0.02%
                                                                                                                    Total: 24,824,630(L)                      *1.03%


          ZHANG Jiaoe(4) (張皎娥)            Non-executive Director              Beneficial owner                             12,379,139(L)                       0.52%


      Notes:


      (L):     Denotes long position


      *        Figures shown as total may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures being added up due to rounding adjustment.


      (1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 2,399,586,412 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2025.


      (2)      Dr. LOU Jing was granted 440,000 share options by the Company, representing 440,000 Shares upon full exercise. Dr. LOU Jing was a beneficiary under
               three unnamed trusts which were interested in 41,746,000 Shares, 9,410,895 Shares and 5,000,000 Shares respectively. Further, Dr. LOU Jing was an
               enforcer and a beneficiary of an unnamed discretionary trust which was interested in 476,774,553 Shares. Therefore, Dr. LOU Jing was deemed to be
               interested in all such Shares as discussed in the foregoing.


      (3)      Ms. SU Dongmei directly holds the entire issued share capital of Joint Palace Group Limited (“JPG”) and therefore, was deemed to be interested in the same
               number of the Shares in which JPG was interested (i.e. 24,384,630 Shares); and, Ms. SU Dongmei was granted 440,000 share options by the Company,
               representing 440,000 Shares upon full exercise.


      (4)      80,000 share options, representing 80,000 Shares upon full exercise, were granted by the Company to a trust and held for the benefit of Ms. ZHANG Jiaoe.


                                                                                                                                       Interim Report 2025            33
Corporate Governance and Other Information




(ii)   Interests in Associated Corporations

                                                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                                                                         Percentage of
                                                                                                                                                           Outstanding
                                                                                                                                                      Share Capital of
                                                          Associated                                                        Number of                   the Associated
         Name                 Position                    Corporation                Nature of Interest                      Securities                  Corporation(1)


         LOU Jing             Executive Director          Sunshine Guojian           Interest in controlled                 25,160,657(L)(1)                       4.54%(1)
              (婁競)                                                                      corporation


         SU Dongmei           Executive Director          Sunshine Guojian           Others(2)                                  200,000(L)(2)                      0.04%(2)
              (蘇冬梅)


       Notes:


       (L):     denotes long position


       (1)      The shares were allotted by Sunshine Guojian to Achieve Well International Limited, a company wholly-owned by Dr. LOU Jing, under an employee share
                ownership plan (“ESOP”) of Sunshine Guojian, for purposes of holding the awarded shares granted to Dr. LOU Jing. Upon completion of the offering of
                Sunshine Guojian on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 22 July 2020 (“Guojian Offering”), the approximate percentage of Dr. LOU Jing’s interest in the
                share capital of Sunshine Guojian was diluted to 4.08%. The change did not trigger a disclosure obligation under the SFO and therefore the information
                shown in the table as of 30 June 2025 reflects Dr. LOU Jing’s interests position as required to be disclosed under the SFO.


       (2)      An ultimate beneficial owner of an interest in a fund (the “Fund”) that is used for holding shares awarded under the ESOP of Sunshine Guojian, which directly
                holds the awarded shares for the ultimate benefit of Ms. SU Dongmei, being one of the grantees of the awarded shares that have been allotted to the Fund
                by Sunshine Guojian. Upon completion of the Guojian Offering, the approximate percentage of Ms. SU Dongmei’s interest in the share capital of Sunshine
                Guojian was diluted from 0.036% to 0.032%. The change did not trigger a disclosure obligation under the SFO and therefore the information shown in the
                table as of 30 June 2025 reflects Ms. SU Dongmei’s interests position as required to be disclosed under the SFO.



Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, none of the Directors or the chief executives of the Company had or was deemed to
have any interest or short position in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within
the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that was required to be notified to the Company and the HKEx pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have taken under such provisions of
the SFO), or required to be recorded in the register required to be kept under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the
Company and the HKEx pursuant to the Model Code.




34       3SBIO INC.
                                                           Corporate Governance and Other Information




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 30 June 2025, to the best of the Directors’ knowledge, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executives of
the Company), had interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register of
interests required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                                                                    percentage of
                                                                                                                          Number of                      all Shares
  Name of Shareholder                               Nature of Interest                                                   Shares held                         in Issue(1)


  Decade Sunshine Limited (“DSL”)(2)                Beneficial owner                                                    476,774,553(L)                         19.87%


  Century Sunshine Limited (“CSL”)(2)               Interest in a controlled corporation                                476,774,553(L)                         19.87%


  XING Lily(3)                                      Interest in a controlled corporation(2)                             476,774,553(L)                         19.87%
                                                                           (3)                                                            (L)
                                                    Interest of spouse                                                    51,648,448                            2.15%
                                                                                                                                          (L)
                                                                                                                 Total: 528,423,001                            22.02%


  Lambda International Limited(2)                   Interest in a controlled corporation                                476,774,553(L)                         19.87%


  TMF (Cayman) Ltd.(4)                              Trustee                                                             574,907,928(L)                         23.96%


Notes:


(L):     Denotes long position


(1)      The calculation is based on the total number of 2,399,586,412 Shares in issue as at 30 June 2025.


(2)      DSL was wholly-owned by CSL and therefore CSL was deemed to be interested in 476,774,553 Shares held by DSL; further, 42.52% and 35.65% of CSL were
         respectively controlled by Ms. XING Lily and Lambda International Limited, who were therefore deemed to be interested in such 476,774,553 Shares.


(3)      Ms. XING Lily’s spouse is Dr. LOU Jing.


(4)      TMF (Cayman) Ltd. was the trustee with respect to four unnamed trusts, which respectively were interested in 476,774,553, 51,156,895, 15,551,500, and
         31,424,980 Shares, as disclosed under the SFO, and therefore TMF (Cayman) Ltd. was deemed to be interested in all such Shares.



Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, the Directors and the chief executives of the Company were not aware of any
other person (other than the Directors or chief executives of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the shares or
underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the
SFO.



                                                                                                                                       Interim Report 2025             35
Corporate Governance and Other Information




DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Other than disclosed under the heading “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares
and Debentures”, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company or any of its subsidiaries or holding company or any
subsidiary of the Company’s holding company a party to any arrangement that would enable the Directors to acquire benefits by
means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate, and during the Reporting Period
none of the Directors or any of their spouses or children under the age of 18 were granted any right to subscribe for the equity or
debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate or had exercised any such right.




36     3SBIO INC.
                                            Independent Review Report

To the board of directors of 3SBio Inc.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability)



INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 39 to 80, which comprises the condensed consolidated
statement of financial position of 3SBio Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) as at 30 June 2025 and the related
condensed consolidated statements of profit or loss, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the six-month
period then ended, and explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant provisions thereof
and International Accounting Standard 34 Interim Financial Reporting (“IAS 34”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of this interim financial information in
accordance with IAS 34. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on this interim financial information based on our review. Our
report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not
assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.



SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410 Review of Interim Financial
Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity as issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards
Board. A review of interim financial information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and
accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit
conducted in accordance with International Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that
we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit
opinion.




                                                                                                         Interim Report 2025      37
Independent Review Report




CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial information is not
prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34.


Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong
29 August 2025




38     3SBIO INC.
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                           2025                2024
                                                   (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)
                                          Notes       RMB’000              RMB’000


REVENUE                                    4          4,355,485           4,389,445


Cost of sales                                          (639,680)           (592,052)


Gross profit                                          3,715,805           3,797,393


Other income and gains                     5            408,289              86,144
Selling and distribution expenses                    (1,615,934)         (1,593,979)
Administrative expenses                                (283,402)           (201,196)
Research and development costs                         (547,523)           (476,230)
Other expenses                             6            (25,466)             (40,687)
Finance costs                              7            (53,002)           (104,351)
Share of profits and losses of:
  A joint venture                                         1,315                 (814)
  Associates                                             21,615              (44,412)


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                     1,621,697           1,421,868


Income tax expense                         8           (233,123)           (314,283)


PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                 1,388,574           1,107,585


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                1,358,204           1,089,942
  Non-controlling interests                              30,370              17,643


                                                      1,388,574           1,107,585


EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
  ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
  – Basic                                  10         RMB0.57              RMB0.45


  – Diluted                                10         RMB0.56              RMB0.45



                                                        Interim Report 2025         39
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                         2025           2024
                                                                   (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000


 PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                              1,388,574      1,107,585


 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
 Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified
     to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
     Exchange differences:
       Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations       (45,640)        6,389


 Net other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to
     profit or loss in subsequent periods                              (45,640)        6,389


 Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified
     to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
     Equity investments designated at fair value through
       other comprehensive income:
       Changes in fair value                                           31,496         48,473


 Net other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified
     to profit or loss in subsequent periods                           31,496         48,473


 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD, NET OF TAX                 (14,144)       54,862


 TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE PERIOD                          1,374,430      1,162,447


 Attributable to:
     Owners of the parent                                           1,344,060      1,144,804
     Non-controlling interests                                         30,370         17,643


                                                                    1,374,430      1,162,447




40       3SBIO INC.
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                   30 June 2025




                                                                   30 June      31 December
                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                (Unaudited)         (Audited)
                                                        Notes     RMB’000          RMB’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                            11      5,003,774         4,993,461
Right-of-use assets                                                360,072           374,056
Goodwill                                                         4,237,631         4,252,618
Other intangible assets                                          1,798,102         1,684,510
Investments in joint ventures                                        1,951               637
Investments in associates                                          519,638           498,519
Equity investments designated at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                      724,154           817,951
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                    231,808           326,756
Non-pledged time deposits                                14        868,231         1,621,381
Deferred tax assets                                                254,639           295,917


Total non-current assets                                        14,000,000        14,865,806


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                              12        902,817           795,191
Trade and notes receivables                              13      1,490,704         1,305,160
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                    839,343           741,138
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss            3,094,874         3,769,187
Derivative financial instruments                                     2,000             8,547
Pledged deposits                                         14        134,230           178,568
Non-pledged time deposits                                14      1,642,318           406,492
Cash and cash equivalents                                14      1,723,977         2,142,651


Total current assets                                             9,830,263         9,346,934


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                 15        217,250           179,561
Other payables and accruals                              16      2,128,736         1,721,896
Deferred income                                                     27,448            27,131
Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings               17      1,798,774         2,243,750
Lease liabilities                                                   13,542            15,269
Bonds payable                                            18              –         1,226,098
Tax payable                                                         17,353            49,819


Total current liabilities                                        4,203,103         5,463,524


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                               5,627,160         3,883,410


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                           19,627,160        18,749,216



                                                                    Interim Report 2025      41
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

30 June 2025




                                                          30 June    31 December
                                                             2025          2024
                                                       (Unaudited)      (Audited)
                                               Notes     RMB’000        RMB’000


 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings     17         37,811         37,628
 Lease liabilities                                         21,207         31,660
 Bonds payable                                  18              –              –
 Deferred income                                          378,885        390,290
 Deferred tax liabilities                                 240,752        248,835
 Other non-current liabilities                              5,184          4,473


 Total non-current liabilities                            683,839        712,886


 Net assets                                            18,943,321     18,036,330


 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the parent
 Share capital                                  19            146            146
 Treasury shares                                         (235,641)      (235,641)
 Share premium                                          2,222,601      2,729,341
 Reserves                                              14,332,287     12,942,412


 Equity attributable to owners of the parent           16,319,393     15,436,258


 Non-controlling interests                              2,623,928      2,600,072


 Total equity                                          18,943,321     18,036,330




42      3SBIO INC.
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                                     Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                  Statutory                                  Exchange                          Non-
                                                   Share    Treasury       Share Contributed        surplus      Retained       Fair value   fluctuation                  controlling       Total
                                                  capital    shares     premium       surplus      reserves        profits        reserve       reserve          Total      interests      equity
                                                 RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


At 31 December 2024 (audited)                        146    (235,641)   2,729,341     321,625     1,858,332 10,779,611           (135,276)     118,120 15,436,258         2,600,072 18,036,330
Profit for the period                                  –           –            –           –             –     1,358,204               –             –      1,358,204        30,370    1,388,574


Other comprehensive income for the period:
  Change in fair value of equity investments
     at fair value through other comprehensive
     income, net of tax                                –           –            –           –             –                 –      31,496             –        31,496              –      31,496
  Exchange differences on translation of
     foreign operations                                –           –            –           –             –                 –           –       (45,640)       (45,640)            –      (45,640)


Total comprehensive income for the period              –           –            –           –             –     1,358,204          31,496       (45,640)     1,344,060        30,370    1,374,430
Transfer to statutory surplus reserves                 –           –            –           –      207,285       (207,285)              –             –              –             –            –
Final 2024 dividend declared (Note 9)                  –           –     (547,149)          –             –                 –           –             –       (547,149)            –     (547,149)
Final 2024 dividend declared by Sunshine
  Guojian Pharmaceutical (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
  (“Sunshine Guojian”)                                 –           –            –           –             –                 –           –             –              –       (10,611)     (10,611)
Equity-settled share incentive scheme
  (Note 20)                                            –           –            –      58,259             –                 –           –             –        58,259          1,597      59,856
Shares issued upon exercise of share option            –           –      40,409      (12,444)            –                 –           –             –        27,965              –      27,965
Capital injection from non-controlling
  shareholders                                         –           –            –           –             –                 –           –             –              –         2,500        2,500
Transfer to retained profits                           –           –            –           –             –        17,010         (17,010)            –              –             –            –


At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                          146    (235,641)   2,222,601     367,440     2,065,617 11,947,540           (120,790)       72,480 16,319,393        2,623,928 18,943,321




                                                                                                                                                           Interim Report 2025                 43
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                                          Attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                        Statutory                                 Exchange                        Non-
                                                     Share      Treasury       Share Contributed         surplus       Retained      Fair value   fluctuation                controlling       Total
                                                     capital      shares     premium      surplus       reserves          profits      reserve       reserve        Total     interests       equity
                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


 At 31 December 2023 (audited)                         149      (235,641)   3,517,283    289,169      1,360,242       9,174,676      (151,570)       79,463 14,033,771       2,479,829 16,513,600
 Profit for the period                                    –            –            –           –               –     1,089,942              –             –    1,089,942       17,643     1,107,585


 Other comprehensive income for the period:
     Change in fair value of equity investments
       at fair value through other comprehensive
       income, net of tax                                 –            –            –           –               –                –     48,473              –      48,473              –      48,473
     Exchange differences on translation of
       foreign operations                                 –            –            –           –               –                –           –        6,389        6,389              –       6,389


 Total comprehensive income for the period                –            –            –           –               –     1,089,942        48,473         6,389     1,144,804       17,643     1,162,447
 Transfer to statutory surplus reserves                   –            –            –           –       302,720        (302,720)             –             –            –             –            –
 Final 2023 dividend declared (Note 9)                    –            –     (551,834)          –               –                –           –             –     (551,834)            –     (551,834)
 Final 2023 dividend declared by
     Sunshine Guojian                                     –            –            –           –               –                –           –             –            –        (5,895)      (5,895)
 Shares repurchased                                       –     (242,447)           –           –               –                –           –             –     (242,447)            –     (242,447)
 Shares cancelled (Note 19)                               (2)   120,988      (120,986)          –               –                –           –             –            –             –            –


 At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                           147      (357,100)   2,844,463    289,169      1,662,962       9,961,898      (103,097)       85,852 14,384,294       2,491,577 16,875,871




44           3SBIO INC.
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                  For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                   (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)
                                                                          Notes       RMB’000              RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                                     1,621,697           1,421,868
Adjustments for:
  Finance costs                                                            7             53,002             104,351
  Fair value gains/(losses) on financial assets at fair value through
    profit or loss                                                         5           (257,012)             55,567
  Share of profits and losses of a joint venture and associates                         (22,930)             45,226
  Interest income                                                          5            (83,937)             (81,224)
  Foreign exchange differences                                             5              (9,515)            (12,092)
  Charge of share-based compensation costs                                 6             59,856                     –
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                            6            163,933             122,759
  Amortisation of other intangible assets                                  6             57,836              53,361
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                      6             12,837              11,269
  Amortisation of long-term deferred expenses                              6              7,089                9,069
  Recognition of deferred income                                                        (15,660)             (21,328)
  (Reversal of provision)/provision for impairment of trade receivables    6              (1,933)                799
  Provision for impairment of other receivables                            6              5,717                4,494
  (Reversal of provision)/provision for impairment of inventories                           (277)                 58
  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                         5              (2,614)                   –
  Gain on disposal of intangible assets                                    5                 (79)                   –
  Loss on termination of a lease                                           6                236                     –
  Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment               6              8,333              12,533


                                                                                      1,596,579           1,726,710


Increase in inventories                                                                (107,349)             (44,151)
Decrease in pledged deposits                                                             13,453              18,704
Increase in trade and notes receivables                                                (183,610)           (151,187)
Increase in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                            (197,890)             (42,896)
Increase/(decrease) in trade and bills payables                                          37,689               (6,568)
Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accruals                                       42,587              (67,477)


Cash generated from operations                                                        1,201,459           1,433,135


Income tax paid                                                                        (231,897)           (340,424)


Net cash flows from operating activities                                                969,562           1,092,711


                                                                                        Interim Report 2025         45
Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                                                 2025           2024
                                                                                           (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)
                                                                                   Notes     RMB’000       RMB’000


 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
 Interest received                                                                             12,324         24,765
 Purchase of items of property, plant and equipment                                            (88,627)     (241,061)
 Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                        3,393          3,010
 Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                          (4,354,350)   (1,270,622)
 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss            5,244,525       980,225
 Placement of time deposits with original maturity of more than three months                (1,584,850)            –
 Withdrawal of time deposits with original maturity of more than three months                 417,259              –
 Placement of non-pledged time deposits                                                      (145,000)      (450,248)
 Withdrawal of non-pledged time deposits                                                      860,000       463,961
 Purchase of equity investments designated at fair value through other
     comprehensive income                                                                      (14,623)      (19,748)
 Proceeds from disposal of equity investments designated at fair value
     through other comprehensive income                                                       152,631          2,909
 Additions to other intangible assets                                                          (67,542)     (115,050)
 Prepayments for exclusive distribution rights                                               (169,526)             –
 Repayment of loans from third parties                                                          4,525          2,971
 Loans to third parties                                                                         (1,417)            –


 Net cash flows from/(used in) investing activities                                           268,722       (618,888)


 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
 Proceeds from issue of shares                                                                 27,965              –
 Decrease/(increase) in pledged deposits                                                       30,885           (936)
 Repayments of bank borrowings                                                              (2,601,985)   (2,071,609)
 New bank borrowings                                                                        2,100,000      1,482,850
 Received capital injection from non-controlling shareholders                                   2,500              –
 Repurchase of treasury shares                                                                       –      (242,447)
 Repayments of bonds                                                                        (1,200,000)            –
 Principal portion of lease payments                                                           (12,140)       (9,592)
 Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders                                                (10,611)       (5,895)
 Interest paid                                                                                 (38,598)     (125,188)


 Net cash flows used in financing activities                                                (1,701,984)     (972,817)


 NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                                   (463,700)      (498,994)
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                   14      2,142,651      2,611,161
 Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                                  45,026        (26,959)


 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                                         14      1,723,977      2,085,208

46      3SBIO INC.
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information
                                                                                                                     30 June 2025




1. CORPORATE INFORMATION

  3SBio Inc. was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under the Cayman Islands
  Companies Laws on 9 August 2006. The registered office address of the Company is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O.
  Box 2681, Grand Cayman, KY1-1111, Cayman Islands. The Company’s shares were listed on the Main Board of The Stock
  Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “HKEx”) on 11 June 2015.


  The Company is an investment holding company. During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Company and its
  subsidiaries were principally engaged in the development, production, marketing and sale of biopharmaceutical products in
  the mainland area (“Mainland China”) of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).



2. BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING
   POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

  2.1 Basis of preparation


        The interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2025 has been prepared in
        accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The interim condensed consolidated financial information does not
        include all the information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements, and should be read in conjunction
        with the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024.


        The interim condensed consolidated financial information is presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all values are rounded
        to the nearest thousand (RMB’000) except when otherwise indicated.


  2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures


        The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial information are
        consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for the year
        ended 31 December 2024, except for the adoption of the following amended IFRS Accounting Standard for the first
        time for the current period’s financial information.


        Amendments to IAS 21                             Lack of Exchangeability


        Amendments to IAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another currency
        and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking. The
        amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to understand the impact of a
        currency not being exchangeable. As the currencies that the Group had transacted with and the functional currencies of
        group entities for translation into the Group’s presentation currency were exchangeable, the amendments did not have
        any impact on the interim condensed consolidated financial information.

                                                                                                    Interim Report 2025        47
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2025




3. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
      The Group has only one operating segment, which is the development, production, marketing and sale of biopharmaceutical
      products.


      Geographical information

      (a)      Revenue from external customers


                                                                                                       For the six months
                                                                                                          ended 30 June
                                                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)


                Mainland China                                                                        4,215,107          4,306,754
                Others                                                                                  140,378             82,691


                Total revenue                                                                         4,355,485          4,389,445


               The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.


      (b)      Non-current assets


                                                                                                       30 June       31 December
                                                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)           (Audited)


                Mainland China                                                                      10,059,737         10,169,932
                Others                                                                                2,093,239          1,960,625


                Total non-current assets                                                            12,152,976         12,130,557


               The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes financial instruments and
               deferred tax assets.


      Information about major customers

      The Group’s customer base is diversified and no revenue from transactions with a significant customer accounted for 10% or
      more of the Group’s total revenue during the reporting period.



48     3SBIO INC.
           Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                          30 June 2025




4. REVENUE

  An analysis of revenue is as follows:


                                                                          For the six months
                                                                            ended 30 June
                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                       (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


   Revenue from contracts with customers
      Sale of biopharmaceuticals                                         4,254,577        4,332,185
      Contract development and manufacturing operation business           100,908              57,260


   Total                                                                 4,355,485        4,389,445


  Disaggregated revenue information for revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                          For the six months
                                                                            ended 30 June
                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                       (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


   Types of goods or services
   Sale of biopharmaceuticals                                            4,254,577        4,332,185
   Contract development and manufacturing operation business              100,908              57,260


   Total                                                                 4,355,485        4,389,445


   Geographical markets
   Mainland China                                                        4,215,107        4,306,754
   Others                                                                 140,378              82,691


   Total                                                                 4,355,485        4,389,445


   Timing of revenue recognition
   Goods transferred at a point in time                                  4,254,577        4,332,185
   Services transferred at a point in time                                100,908              57,260


   Total                                                                 4,355,485        4,389,445



                                                                           Interim Report 2025      49
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2025




5. OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

      An analysis of other income and gains is as follows:


                                                                                               For the six months
                                                                                                 ended 30 June

                                                                                                  2025                2024
                                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                            (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


       Other income
       Interest income                                                                          83,937              81,224
       Government grants related to
          – Assets                                                                              14,948              15,860
          – Income                                                                              28,381              19,568
       Others                                                                                   11,803              12,967


       Total other income                                                                      139,069           129,619


       Gains
       Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                                          2,614                    –
       Gain on disposal of intangible asset                                                         79                    –
       Foreign exchange differences, net                                                         9,515              12,092
       Fair value gains/(losses) on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      257,012              (55,567)


       Total gains                                                                             269,220              (43,475)


       Total other income and gains                                                            408,289              86,144




50     3SBIO INC.
           Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                    30 June 2025




6. PROFIT BEFORE TAX

  The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                    For the six months
                                                                                      ended 30 June

                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


   Cost of inventories sold                                                         564,704           535,261
   Cost of services provided                                                         74,976              56,791
   Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment                           163,933           122,759
   Amortisation of other intangible assets                                           57,836              53,361
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                               12,837              11,269
   Amortisation of long-term deferred expenses                                        7,089                9,069
   Employee benefit expenses                                                        810,218           773,934
   Equity-settled compensation expenses                                              59,856                    –


   Other expenses and losses:
   Donation                                                                           4,061              17,531
   Loss on termination of a lease                                                       236                    –
   Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment                         8,333              12,533
   (Reversal of provision)/provision for impairment of trade receivables              (1,933)               799
   Provision for impairment of prepayments, other receivables and other assets        5,717                4,494
   Others                                                                             9,052                5,330


   Total                                                                             25,466              40,687




                                                                                     Interim Report 2025       51
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2025




7. FINANCE COSTS

      An analysis of finance costs is as follows:


                                                                                                       For the six months
                                                                                                         ended 30 June

                                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                   (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)


       Interest on bank borrowings                                                                      27,824              77,661
       Interest on bonds payable                                                                        24,307              25,132
       Interest on lease liabilities                                                                       871               1,558


       Total                                                                                            53,002            104,351



8. INCOME TAX

      The Group is subject to income tax on an entity basis on profits arising in or derived from the jurisdictions in which members
      of the Group are domiciled and/or operate.


      Pursuant to the relevant rules and regulations of the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”), the Company and
      the subsidiaries of the Group incorporated therein are not subject to any income tax in the Cayman Islands and the BVI.


      No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made for the six months ended 30 June 2025 as the Group had no assessable
      profits arising in Hong Kong.


      Under the relevant PRC income tax law, except for Shenyang Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shenyang Sunshine”),
      Shenzhen Sciprogen Bio-pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Sciprogen”), Zhejiang Sunshine Mandi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
      (“Sunshine Mandi”), National Engineering Research Center of Antibody Medicine (“NERC”) and Sunshine Guojian which
      enjoy certain preferential treatments available to the Group, the PRC subsidiaries of the Group are subject to income tax at a
      rate of 25% on their respective taxable income.


      In accordance with the relevant Italian tax regulations, Sirton Pharmaceuticals S.p.A. (“Sirton”) is subject to income tax at a
      rate of 27.9%.




52     3SBIO INC.
         Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                      30 June 2025




8. INCOME TAX (continued)

  Shenyang Sunshine, Sciprogen, Sunshine Mandi, NERC and Sunshine Guojian, which are qualified as High and New
  Technology Enterprises, were entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for the six months ended 30 June 2025.


  Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to foreign investors
  from the foreign investment enterprises established in Mainland China. The requirement is effective from 1 January 2008 and
  applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. However, a lower withholding tax rate may be applied if there is a tax treaty
  between the PRC and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors.


  An analysis of the provision for tax in the interim condensed consolidated financial information is as follows:


                                                                                                      For the six months
                                                                                                        ended 30 June

                                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                  (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)


   Current                                                                                            199,935           308,218
   Deferred                                                                                            33,188                6,065


   Total tax charge for the period                                                                    233,123           314,283



9. DIVIDENDS

                                                                                                      For the six months
                                                                                                        ended 30 June

                                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                  (Unaudited)        (Unaudited)


   Final 2024 – Hong Kong Dollar (“HKD”) 25 cents per share
      (Final 2023 – HKD25 cents per share)                                                            547,149           551,834


  A final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2024 of HKD25 cents per share was proposed pursuant to a
  resolution passed by the board of directors of the Company on 25 March 2025 and was approved at the annual general
  meeting of the Company on 25 June 2025. The dividend had not been paid to the shareholders of the Company during the
  reporting period.

                                                                                                       Interim Report 2025       53
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2025




10. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
    HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

      The calculation of the basic earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the period attributable to ordinary equity
      holders of the parent of RMB1,358,204,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (for the six months ended 30 June 2024:
      RMB1,089,942,000) and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 2,397,136,743 (for the six months ended 30
      June 2024: 2,429,790,687) of the Company outstanding during the period, as adjusted to reflect the issue of ordinary shares
      during the period.


      The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount is based on the profit for the period attributable to ordinary equity
      holders of the parent, adjusted to reflect the interest on the convertible bonds, where applicable (see below). The weighted
      average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, as
      used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been
      issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.


      The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:


                                                                                                        For the six months
                                                                                                          ended 30 June

                                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)


       Earnings
       Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
          used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                            1,358,204           1,089,942




54     3SBIO INC.
              Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                                         30 June 2025




10. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
    HOLDERS OF THE PARENT (continued)

                                                                                                                          Number of shares
                                                                                                                         For the six months
                                                                                                                           ended 30 June

                                                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                                                      (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


      Shares
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during
        the reporting period used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                       2,397,136,743*   2,429,790,687


      Effect of dilution – weighted average number of ordinary shares:
        Share options                                                                                                   4,902,710                   –
        Awarded shares                                                                                                43,107,688         2,750,000


      Total                                                                                                         2,445,147,141    2,432,540,687


  *       The weighted average number of shares was after taking into account the effect of treasury shares held.




11. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                                         30 June      31 December
                                                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (Unaudited)          (Audited)


      Carrying amount at 1 January                                                                                      4,993,461        4,692,152
      Additions                                                                                                          167,631           591,493
      Depreciation provided during the period/year                                                                       (163,933)         (259,729)
      Disposals                                                                                                           (11,726)            (23,651)
      Exchange realignment                                                                                                18,341               (6,804)


      Carrying amount at 30 June/31 December                                                                            5,003,774        4,993,461




                                                                                                                          Interim Report 2025       55
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2025




11. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

      A freehold land with a carrying amount of approximately RMB2,938,000 as at 30 June 2025 (31 December 2024:
      RMB2,631,000) is located in Italy.


      The Group is in the process of applying for the title certificates for certain of its buildings with an aggregate book value of
      approximately RMB9,511,000 as at 30 June 2025 (31 December 2024: RMB38,316,000). The directors are of the view
      that the Group is entitled to lawfully and validly occupy and use the above-mentioned buildings. The directors are also in the
      opinion that the aforesaid matter did not have any significant impact on the Group’s financial position as at 30 June 2025.


      At 30 June 2025, certain of the Group’s freehold land and buildings with aggregate carrying amounts of RMB2,938,000 (31
      December 2024: RMB2,631,000) and RMB33,143,000 (31 December 2024: RMB30,584,000), respectively, were pledged to
      secure general banking facilities granted to the Group (note 17).



12. INVENTORIES

                                                                                                       30 June        31 December
                                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                   (Unaudited)            (Audited)


       Raw materials                                                                                   323,640             275,895
       Work in progress                                                                                343,240             302,105
       Finished goods                                                                                  169,733             155,248
       Consumables and packaging materials                                                               69,539             65,555


       Total                                                                                           906,152             798,803
       Impairment                                                                                        (3,335)             (3,612)


       Net carrying amount                                                                             902,817             795,191




56     3SBIO INC.
           Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                       30 June 2025




13. TRADE AND NOTES RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                     30 June       31 December
                                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)            (Audited)


   Trade receivables                                                                               1,462,346           1,312,969
   Notes receivables                                                                                  79,808              45,574


   Total                                                                                           1,542,154           1,358,543
   Provision for impairment of trade receivables                                                     (51,450)             (53,383)


   Net carrying amount                                                                             1,490,704           1,305,160


  The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on credit. The credit period is generally two months, extending up to
  three months for major customers. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables and overdue
  balances, which are reviewed regularly by senior management. In view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s
  trade receivables relate to a large number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. Trade
  receivables are non-interest-bearing.


  An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                                     30 June       31 December
                                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)            (Audited)


   Within 1 year                                                                                   1,403,616           1,260,527
   1 to 2 years                                                                                       12,188                7,530
   Over 2 years                                                                                       46,542              44,912


   Total                                                                                           1,462,346           1,312,969




                                                                                                      Interim Report 2025        57
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2025




14. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED DEPOSITS
                                                                                                   30 June       31 December
                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)            (Audited)


       Cash at bank and on hand                                                                  1,413,284           1,618,397
       Restricted cash                                                                             310,693             524,254
       Non-pledged time deposits                                                                   868,231           1,621,381
       Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months                            1,642,318             406,492
       Pledged deposits                                                                            134,230             178,568


       Subtotal                                                                                  4,368,756           4,349,092


       Less:
          Pledged deposits                                                                        (134,230)           (178,568)
          Non-pledged time deposits                                                               (868,231)          (1,621,381)


       Cash and bank balances                                                                    3,366,295           2,549,143


       Less:
          Time deposits with original maturity of more than three months                         (1,642,318)          (406,492)


       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 1,723,977           2,142,651


      The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies. However, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange Control
      Regulations and Administration of Settlement, and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is
      permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business. The
      remittance of funds out of Mainland China is subject to exchange restrictions imposed by the PRC government.




58     3SBIO INC.
           Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                   30 June 2025




14. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED DEPOSITS
    (continued)

  The Group’s cash and cash equivalents and deposits as at 30 June 2025 are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                  30 June       31 December
                                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                              (Unaudited)            (Audited)


   Denominated in:
     — RMB                                                                                      2,657,932           2,953,324
     — HKD                                                                                         63,985              39,986
     — United States Dollar (“USD”)                                                             1,472,441           1,211,301
     — Euro (“EUR”)                                                                               174,157             144,315
     — Japanese Yen (“JPY”)                                                                             15                   2
     — Australian Dollar (“AUD”)                                                                       226                163
     — Great Britain Pound (“GBP”)                                                                       –                   1


   Total                                                                                        4,368,756           4,349,092


  Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. The bank balances and deposits are
  deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.


  The carrying amounts of the cash and cash equivalents approximated to their fair values as at the end of the reporting period.
  Deposits of approximately RMB134,230,000 (31 December 2024: RMB178,568,000) have been pledged to secure letters of
  credit, bank acceptance bills and pending lawsuits and arbitration as at 30 June 2025.




                                                                                                   Interim Report 2025       59
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2025




15. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

      An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is as
      follows:


                                                                                                     30 June       31 December
                                                                                                        2025                 2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)           (Audited)


       Within 3 months                                                                               162,070            152,171
       3 to 6 months                                                                                  49,132                24,752
       Over 6 months                                                                                   6,048                 2,638


       Total                                                                                         217,250            179,561


      The trade and bills payables are non-interest-bearing and repayable within the normal operating cycle or on demand.



16. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                                     30 June       31 December
                                                                                                        2025                 2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Unaudited)           (Audited)


       Accrued selling and marketing expenses                                                        997,097            916,876
       Accrued salaries, bonuses and welfare expenses                                                166,039            192,806
       Contract liabilities                                                                           11,153                23,537
       Taxes payable (other than income tax)                                                          74,253                63,792
       Payable to vendors of property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets               201,828            215,581
       Payable for the upfront payment of license-in agreement                                              –           179,698
       Dividends payable                                                                             547,149                     –
       Others                                                                                        131,217            129,606


       Total                                                                                       2,128,736          1,721,896


      Other payables are non-interest-bearing.




60     3SBIO INC.
           Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                         30 June 2025




17. INTEREST-BEARING BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

                                                         30 June      31 December
                                                            2025                2024
                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                      (Unaudited)         (Audited)


   Current
   Bank loans – unsecured                                400,239         1,993,750
   Bank loans – secured                                1,398,535           250,000


   Subtotal – current                                  1,798,774         2,243,750


   Bonds payable (note 18)                                     –         1,226,098


   Total – current                                     1,798,774         3,469,848


   Non-current
   Bank loans – secured                                   37,811            37,628


   Total – non-current                                    37,811            37,628


   Total                                               1,836,585         3,507,476




                                                          Interim Report 2025      61
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2025




17. I N T E R E S T - B E A R I N G B A N K A N D O T H E R B O R R O W I N G S
    (continued)
                                                                                                                                       30 June            31 December
                                                                                                                                            2025                     2024
                                                                                                                                     RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                                                  (Unaudited)                    (Audited)


        Analysed into:
            Bank loans and overdrafts repayable:
            Within one year or on demand                                                                                             1,798,774                 2,243,750
            In the second year                                                                                                                   –                         –
            In the third to ninth years, inclusive                                                                                       37,811                    37,628


        Total                                                                                                                        1,836,585                 2,281,378


      The Group’s interest-bearing bank borrowings as at 30 June 2025 are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                                                       30 June            31 December
                                                                                                                                            2025                     2024
                                                                                                                                     RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                                                  (Unaudited)                    (Audited)


        Denominated in:
            – RMB                                                                                                                    1,798,774                   800,374
            – HKD                                                                                                                                –               721,367
            – EUR                                                                                                                        37,811                  759,637


        Total                                                                                                                        1,836,585                 2,281,378


      Notes:


      (a)      For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the bank borrowings bore interest at fixed interest rates ranging from 1.70% to 2.75% (31 December 2024: 2.10%
               to 3.03%) per annum.


      (b)      Certain of the Group’s bank borrowings are secured by mortgages over the Group’s freehold land and buildings (note 11).


      (c)      The Group has entered into certain recourse factoring agreements with certain bank for financing purposes. As at 30 June 2025, trade receivables of
               RMB618,794,000 (31 December 2024: RMB251,803,000) had been transferred under recourse factoring agreements. Those trade receivables were derived
               from internal transactions within the Group and were eliminated in full on consolidation. In the opinion of the directors, such transactions did not qualify for
               derecognition of the relevant trade receivables and the loans received from the bank were accounted for as secured borrowings.


      (d)      The carrying amounts of the current bank borrowings approximate to their fair values.



62      3SBIO INC.
         Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                            30 June 2025




18. BONDS PAYABLE

  On 26 June 2023, the Company issued unsecured non-listed bonds in an aggregate amount of RMB1,200,000,000 (the
  “Panda Bonds”). The bonds were priced at par at RMB100 each, carrying interest at a fixed rate of 4.20% per annum. The
  Company repaid the bonds on 25 June 2025.


                                                                                            30 June      31 December
                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)           (Audited)


   Bonds payable                                                                                   –        1,226,098


   Amount repayable:
   Within one year                                                                                 –        1,226,098



19. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                            30 June      31 December
                                                                                               2025                2024
   Shares                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)           (Audited)


   Issued and fully paid:
   2,399,586,412 (31 December 2024:
     2,395,573,912) ordinary shares                                                             146                 146




                                                                                             Interim Report 2025      63
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2025




19. SHARE CAPITAL (continued)

      A summary of movements in the Company’s issued share capital for the six months ended 30 June 2025 is as follows:


                                                                            Number of                       Share                   Share
                                                                      shares in issue                     capital               premium                     Total
                                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)


           Ordinary shares of USD0.00001 each
             at 31 December 2024 and
             1 January 2025                                             2,395,573,912                          146             2,729,341               2,729,487
           Shares issued upon exercise of share option                        4,012,500                           –*               40,409                 40,409
           Final 2024 dividend declared (Note 9)**                                       –                        –              (547,149)              (547,149)


           Ordinary shares of USD0.00001 each
             at 30 June 2025                                            2,399,586,412                          146             2,222,601               2,222,747


                                                                             Number of                      Share                    Share
                                                                        shares in issue                    capital               premium                    Total
                                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Audited)                (Audited)               (Audited)


           Ordinary shares of USD0.00001 each
             at 31 December 2023 and
             1 January 2024                                             2,438,920,412                          149             3,517,283               3,517,432
           Shares cancelled                                                (43,346,500)                          (3)             (242,640)               (242,643)
           Final 2023 dividend declared                                                  –                        –              (545,302)               (545,302)


           Ordinary shares of USD0.00001 each
             at 31 December 2024                                        2,395,573,912                          146             2,729,341               2,729,487


      *        The increase in share capital resulting from the share option exercises in the six months ended 30 June 2025 was less than RMB1,000.


      **       The Company declared the final 2024 dividend out of the Company’s share premium account.




64         3SBIO INC.
         Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                     30 June 2025




20. SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES

  Share option scheme adopted by the Company


  On 26 September 2016, a total of 20,000,000 share options, each of which entitles the holders to subscribe for one ordinary
  share of the Company at an exercise price of HKD9.10, under the post-initial public offering share option scheme of the
  Company adopted on 23 May 2015 and amended on 28 June 2016 (the “Share Option Scheme”), were granted to TMF
  (Cayman) Ltd. (“TMF”), as the trustee of The Empire Trust (the “Grantee”), a trust established by the Company for the
  beneficiaries who are executive directors and employees of the Group and its holding companies, and any other persons as
  nominated from time to time by the advisory committee of the Grantee that is established with the authority of the board of
  the directors of the Company. The share options will vest and become exercisable upon meeting certain vesting conditions. If
  the vesting conditions are not met, the share options will lapse.


  On 2 February 2017, the Company and the Grantee agreed to cancel the grant of 20,000,000 share options which was
  approved by the board of the Company on 22 September 2016, at no consideration. By the date of cancellation, no
  beneficiary had been nominated by the advisory committee of the Grantee and no options had been designated to any
  beneficiary, and thus the Group did not recognise any share-based payment expenses in relation to the cancelled 20,000,000
  share options. On the same date, a total of 20,000,000 share options, each of which entitles the holders to subscribe for one
  ordinary share of the Company at an exercise price of HKD7.62 (which is the higher of the closing price of HKD7.30 per share
  and the average closing price of HKD7.62 per share), were granted to TMF, as the trustee of the Grantee under the Share
  Option Scheme for the benefits of the designated beneficiaries. The share options will vest and become exercisable upon
  meeting certain vesting conditions. If the vesting conditions are not met, the share options will lapse.


  The fair value of the share options at the grant date was estimated using a binomial option pricing model, taking into account
  the terms and conditions under which the share options were granted. The contractual life of each option granted is ten years.
  There is no cash settlement for the share options.


  At the end of the reporting period, the Company had 12,473,500 share options outstanding under the Share Option Scheme,
  which represented approximately 0.52% of the Company’s shares in issue as at that date.


  As the vesting period has passed, the share options have been fully amortised for the six months ended 30 June 2025. No
  share options expenses were recorded in the interim condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss for the six months
  ended 30 June 2025 (for the six months ended 30 June 2024: Nil).




                                                                                                      Interim Report 2025     65
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2025




20. SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (continued)

      Share award scheme adopted by the Company


      Grant of share awards – 2024


      As part of the Group’s initiatives to recognise the contributions of the selected participants, attract suitable personnel, and
      provide the selected participants with a direct economic interest in establishing a long-term relationship with the Group, on
      23 September 2024, the board of directors of the Company granted 40,357,688 shares as awards to 270 employees of the
      Group. The share awards are subject to vesting conditions, and the awarded shares will lapse if the vesting conditions are not
      met.


      The fair value of the awarded shares on the grant date was estimated using a binomial option pricing model, which took into
      account the terms and conditions under which the shares were granted. There is no cash settlement for the share awards.
      The fair value of the share awards granted on 23 September 2024 was estimated on the grant date using the following
      assumptions:


      Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                      3.00%
      Expected volatility (%)                                                                                        52.18 to 54.78
      Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                       2.53 to 2.69
      Expected contractual life of share award (years)                                                                          4.00
      Underlying share price (HKD)                                                                                              5.64


      The Group recorded share-based payment expenses of RMB51,497,000 in the interim condensed consolidated statement of
      profit or loss for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (for the six months ended 30 June 2024: Nil).




66     3SBIO INC.
          Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                   30 June 2025




20. SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (continued)

  Share award scheme adopted by the Company (continued)


  Share award scheme – 2019


  As part of the Group’s initiatives to recognise the contributions of the selected participants, attract suitable personnel and
  provide the selected participants with a direct economic interest in attaining a long-term relationship between the Group and
  the selected participants, on 16 July 2019, the board of directors of the Company approved the adoption of the share award
  scheme and the award of a maximum of 10,000,000 shares to 37 independent employees of the Group. Such awards are
  subject to vesting conditions and the awarded shares will lapse if the vesting conditions are not met. Since 23 March 2020, a
  total of 9,885,448 shares have been awarded to and vested with 32 employees of the Group at nil consideration.


  The fair value of the awarded shares at the grant date was estimated using a binomial option pricing model, taking into
  account the terms and conditions under which the awarded shares were granted. There is no cash settlement of the awarded
  shares. The fair value of the awarded shares granted on 23 March 2020 was estimated on the date of grant using the
  following assumptions:


  Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                          –
  Expected volatility (%)                                                                                                 44.83
  Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                              0.86
  Expected contractual life of share award (years)                                                                        10.00
  Underlying share price (RMB)                                                                                             5.12


  The 9,885,448 awarded shares were exercised entirely. No share-based payment expenses were recorded in the interim
  condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (for the six months ended 30 June
  2024: Nil).




                                                                                                   Interim Report 2025       67
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2025




20. SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (continued)

      Share award scheme adopted by the Company (continued)


      Share award granted to Dr. Zhu Zhenping


      On 7 September 2020, the board of directors of the Company approved the grant of 10,000,000 shares through the share
      award scheme at nil consideration to Dr. Zhu. The fair value of the 10,000,000 awarded shares granted to Dr. Zhu was
      approximately HKD84,400,000 on the grant date. No awarded shares were exercised during the period. At the end of the
      reporting period, the Company had 2,750,000 awarded shares outstanding under this grant, which represented approximately
      0.11% of the Company’s shares in issue as at that date.


      Restricted share incentive plan adopted by Sunshine Guojian


      Restricted share incentive plan – 2024 & 2025


      As part of the Group’s initiatives to recognise the contributions of the selected participants, attract suitable personnel and
      provide the selected participants with a direct economic interest in attaining a long-term relationship between the Group and
      the selected participants, the board of directors of Sunshine Guojian approved the adoption of a restricted share incentive
      plan. Sunshine Guojian granted 5,174,500 restricted shares with an exercise price of RMB11.95 per share to 92 employees
      on 31 July 2024. The restricted shares are subject to vesting conditions, and will lapse if the vesting conditions are not met.
      On 25 June 2025, Sunshine Guojian further granted 1,157,000 restricted shares with an exercise price of RMB11.83 per
      share to 43 employees under the restricted share incentive plan.


      The fair value of the restricted shares on the grant date was estimated using a binomial option pricing model, which took
      into account the terms and conditions under which the restricted shares were granted. There is no cash settlement for the
      restricted shares. The fair value of the restricted shares granted on 31 July 2024 and 25 June 2025 was estimated on the
      grant date using the following assumptions:




68     3SBIO INC.
          Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                 30 June 2025




20. SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (continued)

  Restricted share incentive plan adopted by Sunshine Guojian (continued)


  Restricted share incentive plan – 2024 & 2025 (continued)


  Grant date: 31 July 2024


  Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                     1.50
  Expected volatility (%)                                                                                     21.89 to 24.85
  Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                   1.53 to 1.82
  Expected contractual life of share award (years)                                                                       4.00
  Underlying share price (RMB)                                                                                          17.86


  Grant date: 25 June 2025


  Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                     1.50
  Expected volatility (%)                                                                                     48.37 to 54.46
  Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                   1.37 to 1.41
  Expected contractual life of share award (years)                                                                       3.00
  Underlying share price (RMB)                                                                                          54.50


  The Group recorded share-based payment expenses of RMB8,359,000 in the interim condensed consolidated statement of
  profit or loss for the six months ended 30 June 2025 (for the six months ended 30 June 2024: Nil).




                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025     69
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2025




20. SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME (continued)

      Restricted share incentive plan adopted by Sunshine Guojian (continued)


      Restricted share incentive plan – 2021 & 2022


      As part of the Group’s initiatives to recognise the contributions of the selected participants, attract suitable personnel and
      provide the selected participants with a direct economic interest in attaining a long-term relationship between the Group and
      the selected participants, the board of directors of Sunshine Guojian approved the adoption of the restricted share incentive
      plan, involving 2,670,600 shares with an exercise price of RMB4.00 per share, of which 2,243,500 restricted shares were
      granted to 139 employees and 427,100 restricted shares were granted to 33 employees of Sunshine Guojian on 8 April 2021
      and 16 February 2022, respectively. Vesting conditions under which the restricted shares will vest and become exercisable
      in batches include revenue growth rate and the progress of research and development programs from 2021 to 2023. If the
      vesting conditions are not met, the restricted shares will lapse.


      The fair value of the restricted shares at the grant date was estimated using a binomial option pricing model, taking into
      account the terms and conditions under which the restricted shares were granted. There is no cash settlement of the
      restricted shares.


      At the end of the reporting period, Sunshine Guojian had no restricted shares outstanding under the restricted share incentive
      plan. No share-based payment expenses were recorded in the interim condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss for
      the six months ended 30 June 2025 (for the six months ended 30 June 2024: Nil).



21. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

      Arbitration of Sunshine Guojian


      In July 2021, Aohai Biotechnology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (“Aohai”) filed an arbitration application with Shanghai International
      Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for a dispute with regard to its collaboration with Sunshine Guojian and the
      application has been accepted. Aohai requested to terminate its cooperation agreement with Sunshine Guojian signed in
      December 2015 with a compensation of RMB131.4 million. In August 2021, Sunshine Guojian received the dispute notice
      with a compensation of RMB131.1 million. In December 2022, Aohai altered the dispute application with a compensation of
      RMB401.02 million. At the date of approval of the interim condensed consolidated financial information, the arbitration is still
      in progress.


      The directors of the Company have made an overall analysis and considered that the possibility of compensation is remote.
      There is no significant impact on the interim condensed consolidated financial information as at 30 June 2025.




70     3SBIO INC.
           Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                   30 June 2025




22. COMMITMENTS

  The Group had the following contractual commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                   30 June       31 December
                                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                               (Unaudited)           (Audited)


   Contracted, but not provided for:
      Plant and machinery                                                                           409,421          435,272
      Capital contribution payable to funds                                                         466,667          466,667


   Total                                                                                            876,088          901,939



23. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

  Details of the Group’s principal related parties are as follows:


   Company                                                           Relationship with the Group


   Shenyang Sunshine Logistics Co., Ltd.                             Joint venture
      (“Shenyang Sunshine Logistics”)
   Tieling Staff Hospital (“Tieling Staff Hospital”)                 Associate
   Dalian Huansheng Medical Management Co., Ltd.                     Under control of certain middle management
      (“Dalian Huansheng”)                                             personnel of the Company
   Zhejiang Sunshine Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                        Under control of certain middle management
      (“Zhejiang Sunshine”)                                            personnel of the Company
   Medical Recovery Limited (“Medical Recovery”)                     Under control of directors of the Company
   Shanghai Huansheng Enterprise Consulting Co., Ltd.                A non-controlling shareholder of Liaoning Sansheng Private
      (“Shanghai Huansheng”)                                           Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership)
   Shanghai Sunshine Guojian Biotechnology Research                  A private non-enterprise unit set up by
      Institute (“Guojian Biotechnology”)                              Sunshine Guojian




                                                                                                    Interim Report 2025       71
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2025




23. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

      (a)      The Group had the following other transactions with related parties during the period:


                                                                                                           For the six months
                                                                                                             ended 30 June

                                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


                Lease from Shenyang Sunshine Logistics                                                       1,922               2,079
                Services received from Dalian Huansheng                                                      2,464                   –
                Lease to Guojian Biotechnology                                                                  28                 28
                Services received from Guojian Biotechnology                                                     –                600
                Sales of products to Tieling Staff Hospital                                                    455                   –


      (b)      The Group had the following loans and prepayments with related parties during the period:


                                                                                                           For the six months
                                                                                                             ended 30 June

                                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                        Notes           (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


                A loan to Dalian Huansheng                                                (i)               12,688              12,389
                Loans to Zhejiang Sunshine                                                (ii)              86,241              86,100
                A loan to Medical Recovery                                                (iii)            277,641           262,658
                Loans to Tieling Staff Hospital                                           (iv)              36,346                   –
                Loans to Shanghai Huansheng                                               (v)               12,701                   –




72     3SBIO INC.
              Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                                                       30 June 2025




23. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

  (b)   The Group had the following loans and prepayments with related parties during the period: (continued)


        Notes:


        (i)      It represents a loan to Dalian Huansheng with the principal amount of RMB10,000,000 at an annual interest rate of 4.35%. Pursuant to a
                 supplemental agreement dated 27 May 2025, the interest rate was changed to 1.50% and the maturity date was extended to 26 May 2028. The
                 accrued interest for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was RMB140,000 (for the six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB155,000).


        (ii)     On 8 August 2019, Shenyang Sunshine provided a loan with the principal amount of RMB30,000,000 to Zhejiang Sunshine at an annual interest
                 rate of 3.48%. In 2023, Shenyang Sansheng exempted Zhejiang Sansheng from interest amounting to RMB4,391,000 and the nature of the loan
                 was changed to an interest-free loan, with a principal amount of RMB30,000,000. Pursuant to a supplemental agreement dated 7 August 2024, the
                 maturity date was extended to 7 August 2025.


                 On 30 November 2020, Shenyang Sunshine provided a loan with the principal amount of RMB55,000,000 to Zhejiang Sunshine at an annual interest
                 rate of 3.15%. In 2023, Shenyang Sansheng exempted Zhejiang Sansheng from interest amounting to RMB5,203,000 and the nature of the loan
                 was changed to an interest-free loan and the amount of loan with no interest is RMB55,000,000. Pursuant to a supplemental agreement dated 16
                 December 2024, the maturity date was extended to 16 December 2025.


                 On 8 August 2018, Xing Sheng provided a loan of RMB1,100,000 to Zhejiang Sunshine with no maturity date and interest. Pursuant to a
                 supplemental agreement signed in June 2025, the interest rate was changed to 2.00% and the maturity date was extended to 7 August 2028. The
                 accrued interest from 8 August 2018 to 30 June 2025 was RMB141,000.


        (iii)    It represents a loan to Medical Recovery with the principal amount of USD30,000,000 at an annual interest rate of 4.00% and a maturity date of 17
                 July 2023, which was secured by mortgages over all assets of Medical Recovery. Pursuant to a supplemental agreement dated 17 July 2023, the
                 maturity date was extended to 17 July 2026. The accrued interest for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was RMB4,329,000 (for the six months
                 ended 30 June 2024: RMB3,085,000). Medical Recovery is a company set up for purposes of The Sun Shine Trust. The Sun Shine Trust is a
                 gratuitous incentive scheme set up by certain directors of the Group and it was established prior to the listing of the Company and Medical Recovery is
                 considered a related party of the Group.


        (iv)     Pursuant to a tripartite creditor’s rights agreement dated 5 August 2024, Sunshine Mandi obtained the rights to two loans to Tieling Staff Hospital
                 from a third party with the total principal amount of RMB32,700,000 and reduced the third party’s loan with the same amount, it represents a loan
                 with the principal amount of RMB27,200,000 at an annual interest rate of 4.50% and a maturity date of 31 December 2027 and a loan with the
                 principal amount of RMB5,500,000 at an annual interest rate of 3.29% and a maturity date of 31 December 2029. The accrued interest for the six
                 months ended 30 June 2025 was RMB577,000 and RMB85,000, respectively.



                 On 1 September 2024, Sunshine Mandi provided a loan with the principal amount of RMB2,380,000 to Tieling Staff Hospital at an annual interest
                 rate of 3.29% and a maturity date of 31 December 2029. The accrued interest for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was RMB37,000.


        (v)      On 15 September 2024, Shenyang Sunshine provided a loan with the principal amount of RMB10,000,000 to Shanghai Huansheng at an annual
                 interest rate of 2.50% and a maturity date of 14 September 2026. The accrued interest for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was RMB125,000.


                 On 22 May 2025, Shenyang Sunshine provided a loan with the principal amount of RMB2,500,000 to Shanghai Huansheng at an annual interest
                 rate of 2.50% and a maturity date of 21 May 2027. The accrued interest for the six months ended 30 June 2025 was RMB6,000.




                                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2025                73
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2025




23. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

      (c)      Outstanding balances with related parties:


               The Group had the following significant balances with its related parties at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                            30 June       31 December
                                                                                                               2025                  2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)              (Audited)


                Due from related parties
                   Medical Recovery                                                                         210,577              200,779
                   Tieling Staff Hospital                                                                    36,531                35,757
                   Shanghai Huansheng                                                                        12,574                10,070
                   Shenyang Sunshine Logistics                                                                3,184                 3,836
                   Dalian Huansheng                                                                               26                   26


                Total                                                                                       262,892              250,468


      (d)      Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:


                                                                                                            For the six months
                                                                                                              ended 30 June

                                                                                                               2025                  2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                        (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)


                Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                     5,231                 5,987
                Pension scheme contributions                                                                    347                   388
                Equity-settled compensation expenses                                                          9,714                     –


                Total                                                                                        15,292                 6,375




74     3SBIO INC.
           Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                      30 June 2025




24. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS
  The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying amounts that
  reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:


                                                               Carrying amounts                         Fair values

                                                              30 June        31 December            30 June       31 December
                                                                  2025                2024             2025                2024
                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                           (Unaudited)            (Audited)     (Unaudited)            (Audited)


   Financial assets
   Equity investments designated at fair value
      through other comprehensive income                      724,154              817,951          724,154             817,951
   Financial assets at fair value through
      profit or loss                                        3,094,874            3,769,187        3,094,874           3,769,187
   Non-pledged time deposits: Non-current                     868,231            1,621,381          870,128           1,630,866
   Derivative financial instruments                              2,000               8,547            2,000               8,547


   Total                                                    4,689,259            6,217,066        4,691,156           6,226,551


   Financial liabilities
   Interest-bearing bank and other borrowings:
      Non-current                                               37,811              37,628           38,486              37,174
   Bonds payable                                                      –          1,226,098                 –          1,226,098


   Total                                                        37,811           1,263,726           38,486           1,263,272


  The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies and procedures
  for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance manager reports directly to the chief financial officer
  and the audit committee. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the movements in the values of financial
  instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief
  financial officer. The valuation process and results are discussed with the audit committee twice a year for interim and annual
  financial reporting.


  The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in
  a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.




                                                                                                    Interim Report 2025        75
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2025




24. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values of those financial assets and liabilities measured
      at fair value:


      The fair values of the non-current portion of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, and bonds payable have been
      calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms,
      credit risk and remaining maturities. The Group’s own non-performance risk for interest-bearing bank and other borrowings as
      at 30 June 2025 was assessed to be insignificant.


      The fair values of listed equity investments are based on quoted market prices. The fair values of unlisted equity investments
      designated at fair value through other comprehensive income have been estimated using a market-based valuation technique
      based on assumptions that are not supported by observable market prices or rates. The valuation requires the directors
      to determine comparable public companies (peers) based on industry, size, leverage and strategy, and to calculate an
      appropriate price multiple, such as enterprise value to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (“EV/
      EBITDA”) multiple and price to earnings (“P/E”) multiple, for each comparable company identified. The multiple is calculated
      by dividing the enterprise value of the comparable company by an earnings measure. The trading multiple is then discounted
      for considerations such as illiquidity and size differences between the comparable companies based on company-specific
      facts and circumstances. The discounted multiple is applied to the corresponding earnings measure of the unlisted equity
      investments to measure the fair value. The directors believe that the estimated fair values resulting from the valuation
      technique, which are recorded in the interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position, and the related changes
      in fair values, which are recorded in other comprehensive income, are reasonable, and that they were the most appropriate
      values at the end of the reporting period.


      The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent wealth management products issued by banks and other financial
      institutions in Mainland China. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using a discounted
      cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar terms and risks.




76     3SBIO INC.
         Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                         30 June 2025




24. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)

  For the fair value of the unlisted equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, management has
  estimated the potential effect of using reasonably possible alternatives as inputs to the valuation model.


  Set out below is a summary of the significant unobservable input to the valuation of financial instruments together with a
  quantitative sensitivity analysis as at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024:


                                                 Significant
                                   Valuation     unobservable                                Sensitivity of fair value
                                   technique     input                 Range                 to the input


   Unlisted equity investments     Market        Discount for lack 30 June 2025:             10% (31 December 2024: 10%)
                                     approach       of marketability     (10%) to 10%          increase/decrease in discount
                                                                                               would result in decrease/increase
                                                                       (31 December 2024:      in fair value of RMB2,644,000/
                                                                         (10%) to 10%          RMB2,644,000, respectively (31
                                                                                               December 2024: RMB2,644,000/
                                                                                               RMB2,644,000, respectively).


  The discount for lack of marketability represents the amounts of premiums and discounts determined by the Group that
  market participants would take into account when pricing the investments.




                                                                                                     Interim Report 2025          77
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2025




24. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      Fair value hierarchy


      The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:


      Assets measured at fair value:


      As at 30 June 2025


                                                                               Fair value measurement using

                                                          Quoted prices           Significant         Significant
                                                                in active        observable        unobservable
                                                                 markets               inputs              inputs
                                                                (Level 1)           (Level 2)           (Level 3)            Total
                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                             (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


       Equity investments designated at fair value
          through other comprehensive income:
          Listed equity investments                              188,758                    –                      –      188,758
          Unlisted equity investments                                   –            535,396                       –      535,396


       Financial assets at fair value through
          profit or loss:
          Treasury or cash management products                   646,577           2,448,297                       –    3,094,874
       Derivative financial instruments                                 –               2,000                      –        2,000


       Total                                                     835,335           2,985,693                       –    3,821,028




78     3SBIO INC.
           Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

                                                                                                                       30 June 2025




24. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)

  Fair value hierarchy (continued)


  The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments: (continued)


  Assets measured at fair value: (continued)


  As at 31 December 2024


                                                                            Fair value measurement using

                                                       Quoted prices           Significant         Significant
                                                             in active        observable        unobservable
                                                             markets               inputs              inputs
                                                             (Level 1)           (Level 2)           (Level 3)                Total
                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                            (Audited)           (Audited)           (Audited)              (Audited)


   Equity investments designated at fair value
      through other comprehensive income:
      Listed equity investments                              281,111                    –                   –              281,111
      Unlisted equity investments                                   –            536,840                    –              536,840
   Financial assets at fair value through
      profit or loss:
      Treasury or cash management products                 2,354,337           1,414,850                    –          3,769,187
   Derivative financial instruments                                 –               8,547                   –                 8,547


   Total                                                   2,635,448           1,960,237                    –          4,595,685




                                                                                                      Interim Report 2025         79
Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Information

30 June 2025




24. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (continued)

      Fair value hierarchy (continued)

      The movements in fair value measurements within Level 2 during the period are as follows:


                                                                                                                 2025          2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                       (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


       Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income:
       At 1 January                                                                                        536,840          417,591
       Purchases                                                                                             14,623          18,259
       Redemption of investments                                                                             (3,456)          (2,909)
       Total losses/(gains) recognised in other comprehensive income                                        (12,611)         53,960


       At 30 June                                                                                          535,396          486,901


      The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024.


      During the period, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or
      out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (six months ended 30 June 2024: Nil).


25. EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      On 24 July 2025, the Company entered into a share subscription agreement with Pfizer Inc. Completion of the share
      subscription took place on 1 August 2025. A total of 31,142,500 ordinary shares have been issued to Pfizer Inc. at the
      subscription price of HKD25.2055 per share.


      On 29 August 2025, the board of directors and the board of supervisors of Sunshine Guojian reviewed and approved the
      2025 interim profit distribution plan, which included a cash dividend of RMB20,353,931 (equivalent to a cash dividend of
      RMB0.033 per share). This profit distribution plan was still subject to the approval of the general meeting of Sunshine Guojian.


26. APPROVAL OF ISSUANCE OF THE UNAUDITED INTERIM
    CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
      The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information was approved and authorised for issue by the board of
      directors on 29 August 2025.

80     3SBIO INC.
